JUSTICE KAVANAUGH delivered the opinion of the Court.
In Batson v. Kentucky, (1986), this Court
held that the Equal Protection Clause bars prosecutors
from exercising peremptory challenges based on race. In
Batson and subsequent cases, the Court has spelled out how
a trial court should determine whether a prosecutor
employed a peremptory challenge based on race. After the
defendant makes a prima facie showing that a peremptory
strike was based on race (step one), the prosecutor must
provide a race-neutral reason for the challenged strike (step
two). Then, at step three, defense counsel has an
opportunity to rebut the prosecutor's race-neutral reason as
pretextual, and the trial court in turn decides whether the
prosecutor's race-neutral reason for striking a juror is
pretextual "in light of all evidence with a bearing on it."
Miller-El v. Dretke, (2005); see Flowers
v. Mississippi, -- 303 (2019); Snyder v.
Louisiana, -- 479 (2008).
In this capital case, the Mississippi trial court never
conducted the essential third step of the Batson inquiry.
The Mississippi Supreme Court affirmed Pitchford's
2 PITCHFORD v. CAIN

Opinion of the Court

conviction and death sentence -- but only by concluding that
Pitchford had waived his opportunity to rebut the
prosecutor's race-neutral reasons as pretextual at Batson's
third step. On habeas review, the U. S. District Court
determined that Pitchford had not waived rebuttal and that
the Mississippi Supreme Court's contrary conclusion was
unreasonable. See 28 U. S. C.. The District Court
therefore granted relief to Pitchford. But the U. S. Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit reversed. This Court granted
certiorari, (2025), and we now reverse the
judgment of the U. S. Court of Appeals.
I
A
The relevant factual background is as follows: In 2004,
two black teenagers, Terry Pitchford and Eric Bullins,
robbed a grocery store near Grenada, Mississippi -- a small
town in Grenada County off I -- 55 in north-central
Mississippi. Grenada County was then about 60 percent
white and 40 percent black.
At the time of the robbery in 2004, Bullins was 16, and
Pitchford was 18. During the robbery, Bullins fired three
shots at the store owner, who was a white man, and killed
him. Pitchford v. State, 45 So. 3d 216, 223 (Miss. 2010); 706
F. Supp. 3d 614, 617 (ND Miss. 2023); 126 F. 4th 422, 424
(CA5 2025); Brief for Respondents 5.
Bullins, who fired the fatal shots, reached a plea
agreement and received a 20-year sentence for the
homicide. 1 App. 294,. Pitchford also fired a gun,
which was loaded with rat shot. It has been disputed
whether he shot at the store owner or fired his gun into the
store floor. Cf. 706 F. Supp. 3d, at 617. In any event, for
Pitchford, the State charged capital murder and sought the
death penalty.
During jury selection at Pitchford's trial in Mississippi
state court, the prosecutor used peremptory strikes against
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

four of the five black potential jurors. In response,
Pitchford's counsel raised a Batson objection. 1 App. 167 -- 
168. The trial court asked the prosecutor for race-neutral
reasons for striking each of the four black potential jurors.
According to the prosecutor, one had returned 15 minutes
late to court, two others had brothers convicted of violent
offenses, and the fourth, like Pitchford, was young,
unmarried, and a father. Id., at 169 -- 170. As the prosecutor
offered reasons for striking each of the jurors, the trial court
declared each to be race neutral. Upon hearing the
prosecutor's reason for the last strike, the trial court stated
that "[t]he Court finds that to be race neutral as well," and
pivoted immediately to the defense's peremptory strikes.
Id., at 170. At that time, the trial court did not afford
defense counsel an opportunity to rebut as pretextual the
prosecutor's race-neutral reasons for striking the four black
jurors, nor did the trial court make any findings regarding
whether the prosecutor's stated reasons were pretextual.
In other words, as the U. S. District Court later explained
on habeas review, the trial court "full-stop ended its Batson
analysis" at step two and never proceeded to step three. 706
F. Supp. 3d, at 623.
At the close of jury selection, defense counsel sought to
raise the Batson issue again. But the trial court twice cut
off defense counsel and ended the inquiry before counsel
could try to rebut as pretextual the race-neutral reasons
articulated by the prosecution: "I think you already made
those, and they are clear in the record. For the reasons
previously stated, first the Court finds there to be no -- well,
all the reasons were race neutral as to members that were
struck by the district attorney's office. And so the, the
Court finds there to be no Batson violation." 1 App. 175.1

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 During jury selection, Pitchford also separately raised a fair cross-

section argument. See, e.g., Duren v. Missouri, -- 364
(1979). That claim is not at issue here.
4 PITCHFORD v. CAIN

Opinion of the Court

The empaneled jury consisted of 11 white jurors and 1
black juror. The jury convicted Pitchford of capital murder
and sentenced him to death.
In the trial court, Pitchford then filed a motion for a new
trial that raised numerous issues, including Batson. As
relevant here, Pitchford advanced the argument that he
was prevented from making during jury selection -- that the
prosecutor's stated reasons for the peremptory challenges
were pretextual because the prosecutor "deselected black
people from the jury panel who had the same familial,
living, social or marital circumstances as whites who were
not deselected, which is a clear violation of Batson and
Miller-El." 1 App. 184. The trial court summarily denied
Pitchford's motion.
B
For the last 20-plus years while in prison, Pitchford has
pursued appellate and collateral challenges to his
conviction and death sentence. In his direct appeal to the
Mississippi Supreme Court, Pitchford renewed his Batson
argument -- in particular, that the prosecutor's purported
race-neutral reasons for striking the four black prospective
jurors were pretextual. In a divided opinion, the
Mississippi Supreme Court concluded that Pitchford had
waived his Batson objection by not arguing to the trial court
that the prosecutor's proffered explanations were
pretextual. See 45 So. 3d, at 227 -- 228. Justice Graves,
joined by Justice Kitchens, dissented, reasoning that
Pitchford had not waived his Batson objection and that the
prosecutor's stated reasons for striking the black jurors
were pretextual. Id., at 260 -- 268.
Pitchford later filed a habeas corpus petition in the U. S.
District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi. To
obtain federal habeas relief under the Antiterrorism and
Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996, Pitchford was required
to clear a high bar -- namely, to establish that the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

Mississippi Supreme Court's decision "was contrary to, or
involved an unreasonable application of, clearly established
Federal law, as determined by the Supreme Court of the
United States" or "was based on an unreasonable
determination of the facts in light of the evidence presented
in the State court proceeding." 28 U. S. C. (1), (2).
Applying that AEDPA standard, the U. S. District Court
concluded that the Mississippi Supreme Court had
unreasonably applied Batson and had unreasonably
determined that Pitchford waived his Batson objection. The
District Court stated: "Simply put, no state court -- whether
it be the majority in the Mississippi Supreme Court or the
trial court -- conducted a full three-step Batson inquiry on
the State's use of its peremptory strikes.... The trial court,
seemingly eager to proceed to the case itself, quickly
deemed the reasons as race-neutral and moved on." 706 F.
Supp. 3d, at 626. The District Court further explained that
Pitchford had not waived his Batson claim. The District
Court noted that Pitchford initially raised a Batson
objection. And after the trial court completed the jury
selection process, Pitchford "raised the issue again and
confirmed it was on the record." Id., at 624. But the
Mississippi trial court "thwarted," although "likely
unintentionally," the "attempt by Pitchford's counsel to
argue pretext," thus affording Pitchford "no chance to rebut
the State's explanations and prove purposeful
discrimination." Ibid.
For those reasons, the U. S. District Court ruled that the
Mississippi Supreme Court unreasonably applied the
clearly established Batson precedents and unreasonably
determined that Pitchford had waived his opportunity to
rebut the prosecutor's proffered race-neutral reasons at
Batson's third step. Id., at 627. The U. S. Court of Appeals
then reversed the District Court, concluding that the
Mississippi Supreme Court's waiver finding was
reasonable. See 126 F. 4th, at 431.
6 PITCHFORD v. CAIN

Opinion of the Court

II
As this Court has stated, "America's trial judges operate
at the front lines of American justice," and "the job of
enforcing Batson rests first and foremost with trial judges."
Flowers v. Mississippi, (2019). But here,
as the U. S. District Court explained, the Mississippi trial
court erroneously omitted Batson's third step: In
particular, the trial court did not afford Pitchford's counsel
a sufficient opportunity to rebut the prosecutor's proffered
race-neutral reasons for striking the four black jurors and
never determined whether the prosecutor's stated reasons
were pretextual. And as the U. S. District Court further
stated, the Mississippi Supreme Court's conclusion that
Pitchford waived his opportunity to rebut the prosecutor's
proffered race-neutral reasons was unreasonable.
To be clear, in state and federal courts, a party ordinarily
must raise an objection in the trial court in order to
preserve the issue for appeal. The Batson context is no
exception to that bedrock principle. See Ford v. Georgia,
(1991).2
But as the U. S. District Court explained, "Pitchford did
object to the explanations provided when he raised the issue
again and confirmed it was on the record. Perhaps
Pitchford's counsel should have been more assertive, but...
there was no waiver by Pitchford." 706 F. Supp. 3d 614, 624
(ND Miss. 2023).
Notably, moreover, the Mississippi trial court explicitly
assured Pitchford's counsel that the Batson objection was
preserved. When Pitchford's counsel attempted to raise
Batson again after the prosecutor's race-neutral
explanations for the four peremptory strikes of black jurors,
the trial court responded: "I think you already made those,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 In the trial court, a defendant might explicitly waive any Batson

objection or might forfeit a Batson objection by, for example, failing to
timely assert it.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

and they are clear in the record." 1 App. 175. Especially in
light of that specific assurance by the trial court, it was
unreasonable for the Mississippi Supreme Court to
conclude that Pitchford waived the Batson argument.
To try to overcome those problems with the Mississippi
Supreme Court's waiver determination, the State asserts
that Pitchford's defense counsel preserved a Batson
objection but not a Batson pretext argument. That slices
Batson way too thin. At that key point in the jury-selection
process -- after the prosecutor had asserted facially race-
neutral reasons for the peremptory strikes -- the Batson
objection was a Batson pretext argument. In other words,
defense counsel's rebuttal necessarily would include a
pretext argument -- specifically, that similarly situated
white jurors were not challenged by the prosecutor. See
Flowers, 588 U. S., at 301 -- 302. If allowed to continue,
Pitchford therefore could have argued that the prosecutor
did not challenge white jurors similarly situated to the
challenged black jurors, which is precisely what Pitchford's
post-trial motion later did argue. In that post-trial motion,
Pitchford contended that "the prosecution's state of mind
was clearly racially discriminatory as it deselected black
people from the jury panel who had the same familial,
living, social or marital circumstances as whites who were
not deselected, which is a clear violation of Batson and
Miller-El." 1 App. 184. The bottom line: The State's
argument -- that Pitchford preserved his Batson objection
but nonetheless somehow waived his Batson pretext
argument -- does not make much sense and is not a
reasonable reading of this record.3

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 For its part, the dissent speculates that Pitchford's counsel, at step

three, was seeking to make only a statistical argument, not an argument
that similarly situated white jurors were not challenged. Post, at 7 -- 8
(opinion of GORSUCH, J.). To begin, that speculation does not reflect how
the Batson inquiry ordinarily operates. At step three, after the
8 PITCHFORD v. CAIN

Opinion of the Court

We need not belabor the matter. After a prosecutor
asserts race-neutral reasons for a peremptory strike, the
defense counsel must at least have an opportunity to argue
that the asserted race-neutral reasons were not the actual
reasons -- that is, the reasons were pretextual. Then, the
trial court can determine whether those asserted reasons
were the actual reasons or instead were pretextual. In this
case, whether due to confusion, oversight, an overly hurried
jury selection process, or some other cause, things broke
down, and the ordinary trial-court procedure for resolving
Batson claims at step three never occurred -- 
notwithstanding the repeated efforts of Pitchford's counsel
to pursue and preserve the Batson objection.
To be sure, the AEDPA standard for reviewing claims on
federal habeas is deferential to the state court. See
Williams v. Taylor, -- 413 (2000);
Harrington v. Richter, -- 103 (2011); Brown
v. Davenport, (2022); Klein v. Martin, -- 221 (2026) (per curiam). But deference does
not mean abdication, and "deference does not by definition
preclude relief." Miller-El v. Dretke, 
(2005) (quotation marks and alteration omitted). In light of
the entire record in this case, we agree with the U. S.
District Court that the Mississippi Supreme Court
unreasonably applied the clearly established Batson
precedents and unreasonably determined that Pitchford
waived his opportunity to rebut the prosecutor's asserted
race-neutral reasons for the peremptory strikes of four
black prospective jurors. 28 U. S. C. (1), (2).

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
prosecution has offered its facially race-neutral reasons, defense counsel
typically tries to show (because it is often the only way of proving a
Batson violation at step three) that similarly situated white jurors were
treated differently and not challenged. In any event, the more
fundamental point here is that the Mississippi trial court prevented
Pitchford's counsel from pursuing a Batson argument at step three.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

We reverse the judgment of the U. S. Court of Appeals for
the Fifth Circuit and remand the case for further
proceedings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 7351
_________________

TERRY PITCHFORD, PETITIONER v. BURL CAIN,
COMMISSIONER, MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT
OF CORRECTIONS, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[May 28, 2026]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS, JUSTICE
ALITO, and JUSTICE BARRETT join, dissenting.
Under the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act
of 1996 (AEDPA), federal courts may grant habeas corpus
relief to state prisoners only in narrowly defined circum-
stances. Appreciating as much, this Court has repeatedly
overturned lower-court decisions that have failed to respect
AEDPA's constraints. See, e.g., Klein v. Martin, (2026) (per curiam); Dunn v. Reeves, 
(2021) (per curiam); Mays v. Hines, (2021)
(per curiam). Today, the Court looks past those constraints,
and its own admonitions, to issue a judgment that AEDPA
precludes. Respectfully, I dissent.
I
In 2004, Terry Pitchford and an accomplice robbed a store
in Mississippi. At the end of it, the store's owner, Reuben
Britt, lay dead. Pitchford v. State, 45 So. 3d 216, 222 -- 223
(Miss. 2010) (en banc). A state-court trial followed in which
a jury found Mr. Pitchford guilty of murder and sentenced
him to death, concluding that he "actually killed R[e]uben
Britt,... intended the killing of R[e]uben Britt[,]... and
2 PITCHFORD v. CAIN

GORSUCH, J., dissenting... contemplated that lethal force would be employed."
Trial Tr. 812.1
This case concerns what happened during jury selection.
Midway through that process, Mr. Pitchford's trial team ob-
jected that prosecutors were using their peremptory strikes
to exclude black prospective jurors in violation of Batson v.
Kentucky, (1986). 1 App. 167 -- 168.
To resolve objections like that, Batson provides a three-
step framework. First, a defendant must make a "prima
facie showing" that prosecutors have struck prospective ju-
rors "on the basis of race." Snyder v. Louisiana, (2008). One
common way to meet this burden is statistical -- if prosecu-
tors have struck black prospective jurors at a higher rate
than white prospective jurors, that may suggest discrimi-
nation. Flowers v. Mississippi, (2019).
Another common way to meet this burden is comparative -- 
if "side-by-side comparisons" show prosecutors have struck
black prospective jurors while accepting similar white pro-
spective jurors, that too may suggest discrimination. Ibid.
Should a defendant make a prima facie case, the court
then moves to step two. There, "the prosecution must offer
a race-neutral basis" for each strike. Snyder, 552 U. S., at
476 -- 477. If the prose-
cution does so, the court proceeds to step three: The defend-
ant can try to rebut the prosecution's race-neutral reasons
as "pretextual," and ultimately the court must determine
whether the prosecution's strikes were in fact based on

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 To be sure, Mr. Pitchford has advanced various accounts of what hap-

pened the day of the robbery. Initially, he denied he was present at all.
See 1 App. 195. Later, he said he only fired his gun into the floor and did
not shoot Mr. Britt. Ibid.; id., at 329,. But later still, he acknowl-
edged the existence of "admissible proof" showing he did shoot Mr. Britt.
Id., at 329; see also Pitchford, 45 So. 3d, at 260. And, whatever his view
of the facts may be, there is no dispute that a jury found he "inten[tion-
ally]" and "actually killed R[e]uben Britt." Trial Tr. 812.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

purposeful discrimination. Id., at 477, 485. As at step one,
defendants commonly use statistical and comparative juror
arguments at step three.
In this case, Mr. Pitchford made his prima facie case
based on a statistical argument. The prosecution, he noted,
had refrained from striking only "one African-American ju-
ror out of the five that ha[d] thus far... arisen on the ve-
nire." 1 App. 167. And, Mr. Pitchford continued, "this is
already a disproportiona[tely] white jury [pool] for the pop-
ulation of this county." Id., at 167 -- 168.
The trial judge agreed that Mr. Pitchford had made a
prima facie case under Batson and thus required the State
to offer race-neutral reasons for each of the peremptory
strikes it had used on black prospective jurors. The State
did so. One prospective juror, it said, had returned late to
court after lunch break and had a history of mental prob-
lems. 1 App. 86 -- 88, 169. Two had brothers who had been
convicted of violent offenses. Id., at 169 -- 170. Another "had
no opinion on the death penalty." Id., at 170. Plus, he was
similar to Mr. Pitchford in several ways: They were "ap-
proximately the [same] age," they "both ha[d] children
about the same age," and they "both ha[d] never been mar-
ried." Ibid.
The judge accepted these reasons as race neutral and di-
rected the parties to resume jury selection. Ibid. Mr. Pitch-
ford did not object to that direction or otherwise seek to
make a step three showing. Instead, after jury selection
concluded, Mr. Pitchford's trial team approached the bench.
There, they sought "to reserve... [their] Batson objection."
Id., at 175. The court agreed the Batson objection was "in
the record," but "f[ound] there to be no Batson violation."
Ibid. At that point, defense counsel reiterated their earlier
statistical argument. "[O]ne," "[a]nd only one," of the final
jury panel selected for service, Mr. Pitchford's lawyers said,
was black even though the "county is approximately... 40
percent black." Id., at 176.
4 PITCHFORD v. CAIN

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

After that exchange, the case proceeded to trial and, in
the end, the jury returned a guilty verdict. Seeking to undo
that verdict later, Mr. Pitchford filed a motion for a new
trial based in part on his statistical Batson argument. 1
App. 179, 184, 186. But for the first time, he also briefly
introduced a new comparative juror argument, asserting in
one sentence that the prosecution had improperly "dese-
lected black people from the jury panel who had the same
familial, living, social or marital circumstances as whites
who were not deselected." Id., at 184.
After the trial court denied Mr. Pitchford's motion, he ap-
pealed to the Mississippi Supreme Court. There, Mr. Pitch-
ford continued to press the statistical argument he had
made during jury selection. Id., at 209 -- 210, 223 -- 225. But
now he directed most of his efforts to the separate compar-
ative juror argument he introduced for the first time after
trial, drawing detailed comparisons in his appellate brief
between white jurors who were not struck and the four
black jurors who were. Id., at 210 -- 223.
The Mississippi Supreme Court analyzed Mr. Pitchford's
Batson claim this way. At step one, the court upheld the
trial court's ruling that Mr. Pitchford's statistical argument
sufficed to make out a prima facie case. Pitchford, 45
So. 3d, at 224 -- 226. It also upheld the trial court's step two
ruling that the prosecution's reasons were race neutral. Id.,
at 226 -- 227. And when it came to step three, the Mississippi
Supreme Court held that Mr. Pitchford hadn't carried his
ultimate burden to show purposeful discrimination. See
id., at 227 -- 228.
He hadn't, the court ruled, because he had failed to rebut
the State's step two submission in the trial court. Put
simply, Mr. Pitchford had "waive[d]" any step three argu-
ment. Id., at 227,.
Yes, Mr. Pitchford "devoted a considerable portion" of his
appellate brief to a step three comparative juror argument,
expanding on the one-sentence version he introduced for
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

the first time in his post-trial motion. Id., at 227. But, the
court held, Mr. Pitchford had not adequately presented this
argument to the trial court in the first instance. Ibid. And,
the court added, it could "not now fault the trial judge with
failing to discern whether the State's race-neutral reasons
were overcome by rebuttal evidence and argument never
presented." Ibid.
Following his loss in state court, Mr. Pitchford sought ha-
beas relief in federal court. Among other things, he argued
that the Mississippi Supreme Court's waiver holding was
unreasonable. The district court agreed and granted relief,
explaining that it "view[ed] the record a bit differently"
than the Mississippi Supreme Court had. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 22. In the district court's view, the state trial court
had "failed to provide" Mr. Pitchford with any "opportunity"
to make a step three argument "rebut[ting]" the prosecu-
tion's proffered race-neutral reasons. Ibid. The Fifth Cir-
cuit reversed, holding that the Mississippi Supreme Court's
waiver finding was both reasonable and, indeed, correct.
126 F. 4th 422, 429, 431 (2025). We granted certiorari. (2025).
II
To secure federal habeas relief under AEDPA, Mr. Pitch-
ford must shoulder a considerable burden. Pursuant to 28
U. S. C., he must prove that he is being held in
custody in violation of the Constitution or federal laws. In
this case, that means Mr. Pitchford must show his trial was
in fact infected by a Batson violation. In addition to that
showing, he must make one of two further showings. Under
(1), he must demonstrate that the Mississippi Su-
preme Court's decision "was contrary to, or involved an un-
reasonable application of, clearly established Federal law."
Or, under (2), he must demonstrate that the court's
"decision was based on an unreasonable determination of
6 PITCHFORD v. CAIN

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

the facts in light of the evidence presented" in state court.
See Klein, 607 U. S., at 220.
This Court has long recognized the rigor of 's re-
quirements. Showing legal error, we have said, isn't
enough to satisfy (1). Instead, a petitioner must
demonstrate that "no fairminded jurist could reach the
state court's conclusion under this Court's precedents."
Brown v. Davenport, (2022) (internal
quotation marks and alterations omitted). Likewise, to sat-
isfy (2), "it is not enough to show that reasonable
minds reviewing the record might disagree about the [fac-
tual] finding in question." Ibid.. Instead, the finding must have so little support
in the record that only an "unreasonable" jurist could make
it. (2); see also (1).
As I see things, Mr. Pitchford has failed to satisfy either
of these standards. Start with (1). The Court to-
day seems to think the Mississippi Supreme Court "unrea-
sonably" applied our clearly established precedents by con-
cluding that Mr. Pitchford "waived" any step three
argument. Ante, at 8. But in Ford v. Georgia, 
(1991), we said that States enjoy authority to fashion their
own preservation rules governing Batson claims. 498 U. S.,
at 423. And taking us at our word, the Mississippi Supreme
Court has adopted just such a rule: Any Batson argument
not adequately presented in a trial court is "waived." See
Pitchford, 45 So. 3d, at 227, and (collecting cases).
Nothing about that rule defies our clearly established prec-
edents.2

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Where Mississippi preservation law operates on an argument-by-ar-

gument basis, we have sometimes said ours operates on a claim-by-claim
basis. See Lebron v. National Railroad Passenger Corporation, (1995). And what Mississippi calls "waiver," we would ordinar-
ily call "forfeiture." See Hamer v. Neighborhood Housing Servs. of Chi-
cago, (2017). But our preferences on these matters
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Nor does the Mississippi Supreme Court's application of
its rule offend any of our precedents. The court recognized
that Mr. Pitchford had preserved a step one statistical ar-
gument, but held that he had waived the step three com-
parative juror argument he sought to press on appeal by
failing to raise it during jury selection or trial. See id., at
227 -- 228. The Court today suggests this analysis "slices
Batson... too thin[ly]." Ante, at 7. Yet it nowhere pauses
to identify any of our clearly established precedents the
Mississippi Supreme Court supposedly defied or mistook.
Turn next to (2). The Court concludes that the
Mississippi Supreme Court's waiver holding rests on an
"unreasonable" reading of the trial record. Ante, at 6 -- 7. Af-
ter all, the Court observes, Mr. Pitchford didn't entirely
forgo a comparative juror argument in the trial court; his
motion for a new trial included a line devoted to just that
topic. Ante, at 7; 1 App. 184. But be that as it may, the
Court does not (and cannot) explain how it was unreasona-
ble for the Mississippi Supreme Court to determine that
Mr. Pitchford waived a Batson argument he never made
during jury selection and introduced for the first time only
in a single sentence in a post-trial motion.
Perhaps sensing the problem, the Court ultimately rests
its (2) analysis on a different ground. Citing the
exchange that took place at the end of jury selection, the
Court says that the state trial court "explicitly assured" de-
fense counsel that the "Batson objection was preserved."
Ante, at 6. And this assurance, the Court reasons, must
mean that Mr. Pitchford adequately preserved the step
three comparative juror argument he sought to make before
the Mississippi Supreme Court.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
do not bind the State. See Ford, 498 U. S., at 423. And for that reason,
I use the term "waiver" here the same way the Mississippi Supreme
Court did.
8 PITCHFORD v. CAIN

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

But that much is far from clear. Rather than announcing
an intent to raise a new step three comparative juror argu-
ment at the conclusion of jury selection, Mr. Pitchford's at-
torneys said only that they "want[ed] to reserve... [their]
Batson objection," which sounds like a reference to the step
one statistical argument they had made earlier. 1 App. 175.
Supporting that inference, counsel proceeded to repeat the
same statistical argument they had already made. Id., at
175 -- 176. True, resting on that point alone might not have
been the best move. But considering what happened later,
it hardly seems an unlikely explanation. After his appeal
to the Mississippi Supreme Court failed, Mr. Pitchford
sought state post-conviction relief. And in support of that
effort, one of his trial attorneys expressly represented that
she had " 'failed to challenge the prosecution's reasons as
pretextual at trial' " and that she "did not... do anything
to... reserve" the pretext argument Mr. Pitchford sought
to press on appeal. App. to Brief for Respondents 40a, 77a.
Of course, Mr. Pitchford now advances a very different
reading of the trial court record. Now, he says his lawyers
did seek to preserve a step three comparative juror argu-
ment at the conclusion of jury selection. To be sure, Mr.
Pitchford admits, his lawyers did not ask the trial court to
compare any seated white juror with any struck black juror.
But, he suggests, that is only because the court cut off his
attorneys and didn't allow them to get the argument out.
See Brief for Petitioner 33 -- 35.
That account is difficult to credit as well. Not only is it
inconsistent with his own attorney's representation that
she failed to preserve a pretext argument. Nothing in the
record indicates a trial court seeking to thwart defense
counsel's ability to represent their client. In fact, the record
shows that Mr. Pitchford's attorneys were more than capa-
ble of speaking up when they had something to say. For
just one example, consider the page of the transcript follow-
ing the initial Batson exchange. On that one page alone,
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

counsel cut off another lawyer, raised an objection, and then
interrupted the trial judge mid-sentence to make another
point. 1 App. 171. There are plenty of other examples like
it. See, e.g., id., at 158 -- 160, 164 -- 165.
Put simply, Mr. Pitchford's account of a muzzled defense
team is hard to square with the record. But even if it were
a plausible account, that still would not be enough. Under
(2), a federal habeas petitioner must show not only
that his version of events is plausible. He must show that
the record "compel[s]" it. Rice v. Collins, 
(2006). And no matter how generously one interprets the
record in this case, that is a standard Mr. Pitchford cannot
meet. It is just as reasonable, if not more so, to conclude
that Mr. Pitchford's attorneys meant to "reserve" only the
statistical argument they had made at step one -- not a step
three comparative juror argument they never mentioned at
any point during jury selection or trial. 1 App. 175. Reflect-
ing as much, not only did the Mississippi Supreme Court
read the record differently than Mr. Pitchford now does.
The Fifth Circuit did too, holding that the Mississippi Su-
preme Court's waiver conclusion was not only reasonable
but correct. 126 F. 4th, at 429.
In response to all this, the Court insists that "defense
counsel typically" make a step three comparative juror ar-
gument before the trial court. Ante, at 7 -- 8,. Perhaps
that is right. But the Court points to nothing in the record
showing that Mr. Pitchford's counsel made such an argu-
ment in this case. The Court reasserts, too, its "fundamen-
tal point" that, even if Mr. Pitchford's counsel failed to pre-
sent a step three comparative juror argument, it was only
because the trial court "prevented" them from doing so.
Ante, at 8,. But the Court's repetition of its point serves
only to highlight its failure to cite anything in the record
supporting, much less compelling, its conclusion. See Rice,
546 U. S., at 341.
10 PITCHFORD v. CAIN

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

*
In short, I respectfully dissent because, as I see it, the
Court's opinion errs on the law and the factual record alike.
But if the Court's decision is mistaken, at least its impact
is limited. Precisely because so many of our AEDPA prece-
dents go unmentioned, I do not read today's decision as call-
ing any of them into question. Notably, too, the Court is-
sues a narrow judgment, holding only that Mr. Pitchford
did not waive a step three Batson argument without dictat-
ing what further proceedings may be appropriate on re-
mand consistent with.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 1
Pages 45 -- 55

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
January 15, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 45

Syllabus

E.M.D. SALES, INC., et al. v. CARRERA et al.

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fourth circuit
No. 23 -- 217. Argued November 5, 2024 -- Decided January 15, 2025
In 1938, Congress enacted the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), guaran-
teeing a federal minimum wage for covered workers, 29 U. S. C.
(1), and requiring overtime pay for those working more than 40
hours per week, (1). Congress exempted many types of employ-
ees from the FLSA's overtime-pay requirement, including outside sales-
men who primarily work away from their employer's place of business.
(1). The law places the burden on the employer to show that an
exemption applies.
Petitioner EMD distributes food products in the Washington, D. C.,
area and employs sales representatives who manage inventory and take
orders at grocery stores. Several sales representatives sued EMD al-
leging that the company violated the FLSA by failing to pay them over-
time. EMD argued that the sales representatives were outside sales-
Page Proof Pending Publication
men and therefore exempt from the FLSA's overtime-pay requirement.
After a bench trial, the District Court found EMD liable for overtime
because EMD did not prove by clear and convincing evidence that its
sales representatives were outside salesmen. On appeal, EMD ar-
gued that the District Court should have used the less stringent
preponderance-of-the-evidence standard instead of the clear-and-
convincing-evidence standard. Applying Circuit precedent, the Fourth
Circuit disagreed and affrmed the District Court's judgment.
Held: The preponderance-of-the-evidence standard applies when an em-
ployer seeks to demonstrate that an employee is exempt from the
minimum-wage and overtime-pay provisions of the FLSA. Pp. 49 -- 54.
(a) When Congress enacted the FLSA in 1938, the preponderance-of-
the-evidence standard was the default in American civil litigation, and
it remains so today. In civil litigation, the Court has deviated from
this default standard in three main circumstances. First, if a statute
requires a heightened standard of proof, courts must apply it. See, e. g.,
(1), 464(c). Second, the Constitution can mandate a height-
ened standard of proof. See, e. g., New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, ; Addington v. Texas,. Third, in certain rare
situations involving coercive Government action, such as taking away a
person's citizenship, a heightened standard may apply. See, e. g., Nishi-
kawa v. Dulles,. But in most civil cases, including
employment-discrimination cases under Title VII, the Court has consist-
46 E.M.D. SALES, INC. v. CARRERA

Syllabus

ently applied the preponderance standard. See, e. g., Price Waterhouse
v. Hopkins,. Pp. 49 -- 51.
(b) The FLSA does not specify a standard of proof for exemptions,
and when a civil statute is silent, courts typically apply the preponder-
ance standard. See, e. g., Grogan v. Garner,. This case
does not involve constitutional rights that would require a heightened
standard, nor does it involve the Government taking unusual or coercive
action against an individual. FLSA cases are similar to Title VII
employment-discrimination cases, where the Court has applied the pre-
ponderance standard. P. 52.
(c) The employees' policy-laden arguments for a heightened standard
are unconvincing. Their argument that the FLSA protects the public
interest in a fair economy does not necessitate a heightened standard.
Other workplace protections, like those under Title VII, also serve im-
portant public interests but are subject to the preponderance standard.
The employees argue that rights under the FLSA are nonwaivable and
therefore different from other rights subject to the preponderance
standard. But waivability of a right does not determine the standard
of proof. Pp. 52 -- 54.
(d) Whether the employees would fail to qualify as outside salesmen
even under a preponderance standard is left for the Court of Appeals
Page Proof Pending Publication
on remand. P. 54.
75 F. 4th 345, reversed and remanded.
Kavanaugh, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Gor-
such, J., fled a concurring opinion, in which Thomas, J., joined, post, p. 54.

Lisa S. Blatt argued the cause for petitioners. With her
on the briefs were Aaron Z. Roper, Ian W. Swenson, Jeffrey
M. Schwaber, and Eduardo S. Garcia.
Aimee W. Brown argued the cause for the United States
as amicus curiae urging reversal. With her on the brief
were Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal Deputy Assist-
ant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy Solictor General
Kneedler, Caroline D. Lopez, and Rachel Goldberg.
Lauren E. Bateman argued the cause for respondents.
With her on the brief were Allison M. Zieve and Omar Vin-
cent Melehy.*
*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Chamber of
Commerce of the United States of America et al. by Steven A. Engel,
Michael H. McGinley, Stephanie A. Maloney, and Angelo I. Amador; for
 Cite as: (2025) 47

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kavanaugh delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 requires employers
to pay their employees a minimum wage and overtime
compensation. But the Act also exempts many categories
of employees from the minimum-wage and overtime-
compensation requirements. The dispute here concerns the
standard of proof that an employer must satisfy to show that
an employee is exempt. The usual standard of proof in civil
litigation is preponderance of the evidence. A more de-
manding standard, such as clear and convincing evidence, ap-
plies only when a statute or the Constitution requires a
heightened standard or in certain other rare cases, such as
"when the government seeks to take unusual coercive ac-
tion -- action more dramatic than entering an award of money
damages or other conventional relief -- against an individual."
Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins, (1989) (plu-
rality opinion). None of those exceptions applies to this
Page Proof Pending Publication
case. Therefore, the preponderance-of-the-evidence stand-
ard governs when an employer attempts to demonstrate that
an employee is exempt.
I
A
In 1938, Congress passed and President Franklin Roose-
velt signed the Fair Labor Standards Act. 52 Stat. 1060.
The Act guarantees covered workers a federal minimum
wage. See 29 U. S. C. (1). The Act also generally
requires overtime pay when a covered employee works more
than 40 hours per week. See (1).

the Local Government Legal Center et al. by Colin D. Dougherty, Marga-
ret McCall Reece, Amanda Karras, and Erich Eiselt; for the National
Association of Wholesaler-Distributors et al. by Michael J. O'Neill, Mat-
thew C. Forys, and Richard P. Hutchison; and for the New England Legal
Foundation by Benjamin G. Robbins and Daniel B. Winslow. A brief of
amicus curiae urging vacatur was fled for the Washington Legal Founda-
tion by John M. Masslon II and Cory L. Andrews.
48 E.M.D. SALES, INC. v. CARRERA

Opinion of the Court

But Congress recognized that a minimum wage and over-
time pay would be impractical or inappropriate for some
jobs. So the Act exempts many categories of employees
from the minimum-wage requirement and exempts many
more from the overtime-pay requirement. See -- (b).
Exempt employees can range from baseball players to sea-
men to maple-syrup processors to software engineers to
frefghters, and so on. See (12), (17), (19), (b)(15),
(20). The law places the burden on the employer to show
that an exemption applies. See Corning Glass Works v.
Brennan, -- 197 (1974).
The exemption relevant here encompasses anyone em-
ployed "in the capacity of outside salesman." (1).
An "outside salesman" primarily makes sales and regularly
works away from the employer's place of business. See
Christopher v. SmithKline Beecham Corp., 
(2012); 29 CFR.500(a) (2023).

Page Proof Pending
B Publication
EMD distributes international food products in the Wash-
ington, D. C., metropolitan area. EMD employs sales repre-
sentatives who manage inventory and take orders at grocery
stores that stock EMD products.
Several EMD sales representatives sued the company in
the U. S. District Court for the District of Maryland. They
alleged that EMD violated the Fair Labor Standards Act by
failing to pay them overtime. EMD did not deny that the
employees worked more than 40 hours per week without re-
ceiving overtime pay. But EMD argued that the employees
fell within the Act's outside-salesman exemption.
Following a bench trial, the District Court concluded that
EMD failed to prove "by clear and convincing evidence" that
the employees qualifed as outside salesmen. Civ. No. 17 -- 
3066 (D Md., Mar. 19, 2021), App. to Pet. for Cert. 49a. The
court found that the employees primarily executed the terms
of sales already made rather than making new sales them-
 Cite as: (2025) 49

Opinion of the Court

selves. The court therefore ordered EMD to pay overtime
wages and liquidated damages.
On appeal, EMD contended that the District Court should
have applied the less stringent preponderance-of-the-
evidence standard rather than the clear-and-convincing-
evidence standard. The U. S. Court of Appeals for the
Fourth Circuit disagreed and affrmed the judgment of the
District Court. 75 F. 4th 345 (2023). The Court of Appeals
followed Circuit precedent requiring employers to prove the
applicability of Fair Labor Standards Act exemptions by
clear and convincing evidence. Id., at 351 -- 352. Although
the three-judge panel suggested that the full court might
want to reconsider that precedent en banc, the court later
denied en banc review. Id., at 353.
The Fourth Circuit stands alone in requiring employers to
prove the applicability of Fair Labor Standards Act exemp-
tions by clear and convincing evidence. Every other Court
Page Proof Pending Publication
of Appeals to address the issue has held that the preponder-
ance standard applies. See Faludi v. U. S. Shale Solutions,
L.L.C., 950 F. 3d 269, 273 (CA5 2020); Renfro v. Indiana
Mich. Power Co., 497 F. 3d 573, 576 (CA6 2007); Yi v. Sterling
Collision Centers, Inc., 480 F. 3d 505, 506 -- 508 (CA7 2007);
Coast Van Lines, Inc. v. Armstrong, 167 F. 2d 705, 707 (CA9
1948); Lederman v. Frontier Fire Protection, Inc., 685 F. 3d
1151, 1158 (CA10 2012); Dybach v. Florida Dept. of Correc-
tions, 942 F. 2d 1562, 1566, (CA11 1991). This Court
granted certiorari to resolve that confict. 
(2024).
II
A
In 1938, when Congress enacted the Fair Labor Standards
Act, the established default standard of proof in American
civil litigation was the preponderance-of-the-evidence stand-
ard. The Court's cases pre-dating the Act recognized as
much. See United States v. Regan, (1914);
50 E.M.D. SALES, INC. v. CARRERA

Opinion of the Court

Lilienthal's Tobacco v. United States, 
(1878). As did prominent treatises. See 4 J. Wigmore, Evi-
dence in Trials at Common Law, pp. 3545 -- 3546 (1905);
3 S. Greenleaf, Law of Evidence, p. 28 (8th ed. 1867).
Since then, the preponderance-of-the-evidence standard
has remained the default standard of proof in American civil
litigation. That default makes sense: The preponderance
standard allows both parties in the mine-run civil case to
"share the risk of error in roughly equal fashion." Her-
man & MacLean v. Huddleston, (1983)
(quotation marks omitted).
In civil litigation, this Court has deviated from the prepon-
derance standard in three main circumstances.
First, courts must apply a heightened standard of proof if
a statute establishes one. For example, various provisions
of the U. S. Code, including some involving labor and employ-
ment, designate clear and convincing evidence as the appli-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cable standard of proof. See, e. g., 29 U. S. C. (1)
(whistleblower-retaliation claims under the Fair Labor
Standards Act); (validity of union-established trust-
eeships); (3)(A)(ii) (ineligibility for vocational rehabil-
itation services). The same can be true when Congress uses
a term with a settled common-law meaning that itself re-
quired a heightened standard of proof. See, e.g., Microsoft
Corp. v. i4i L. P., (2011).
Second, courts likewise must apply a heightened standard
of proof when the Constitution requires one. For example,
the Court has mandated a clear-and-convincing-evidence
standard in certain First Amendment cases. See, e. g., New
York Times Co. v. Sullivan, -- 286 (1964);
Gertz v. Robert Welch, Inc., (1974). The
Court has also held that the Due Process Clause necessitates
a heightened standard in some cases. In Addington v.
Texas, for example, the Court ruled that involuntary civil
commitment constitutes such a "signifcant deprivation of lib-
 Cite as: (2025) 51

Opinion of the Court

erty" by the government that "due process requires the state
to justify confnement by proof more substantial than a mere
preponderance of the evidence." -- 427
(1979). And in Santosky v. Kramer, the Court held the
same with respect to the government's termination of paren-
tal rights: "Before a State may sever completely and irrevo-
cably the rights of parents in their natural child, due process
requires that the State support its allegations by at least
clear and convincing evidence." -- 748
(1982).
Third, under this Court's precedents, a heightened stand-
ard of proof may be appropriate in certain other "uncommon"
cases. Price Waterhouse v. Hopkins, 
(1989) (plurality opinion). These cases "ordinarily" arise
"when the government seeks to take unusual coercive
action -- action more dramatic than entering an award of
money damages or other conventional relief -- against an indi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
vidual." Ibid. For example, the Court has held that the
government must satisfy a clear-and-convincing-evidence
standard in order to take away a person's citizenship. See
Nishikawa v. Dulles, -- 138 (1958) (expatria-
tion); Schneiderman v. United States, -- 123
(1943) (denaturalization).
Importantly, the Court has not otherwise used a height-
ened standard in civil matters. See Halo Electronics, Inc.
v. Pulse Electronics, Inc., (2016) (treble
damages under the Patent Act); Grogan v. Garner, -- 287 (1991) (bankruptcy discharges); Herman & Mac-
Lean, 459 U. S., at 389 -- 390 (securities fraud); Regan, 232
U. S., at 48 -- 49 (civil-penalty suit under the Alien Immigra-
tion Act). Most relevant here, the Court has applied a pre-
ponderance standard in Title VII employment-discrimination
cases. See Price Waterhouse, 490 U. S., at 253 -- 254 (plural-
ity opinion); id., at 260 (White, J., concurring in judgment);
id., at 261 (O'Connor, J., concurring in judgment).
52 E.M.D. SALES, INC. v. CARRERA

Opinion of the Court

B
We conclude that the default preponderance standard gov-
erns when an employer seeks to prove that an employee is
exempt under the Fair Labor Standards Act.
First, as the employees acknowledge, the Fair Labor
Standards Act does not specify a standard of proof for the
Act's exemptions. Faced with silence, courts usually apply
the default preponderance standard. Statutory silence is
generally "inconsistent with the view that Congress in-
tended to require a special, heightened standard of proof."
Grogan, 498 U. S., at 286.
Second, as the employees recognize, this case does not im-
plicate any constitutional rights that might require a height-
ened standard.
Third, this is not a case where the government otherwise
seeks to take "unusual coercive action" against an individual.
Price Waterhouse, 490 U. S., at 253 (plurality opinion).
Page Proof Pending Publication
Cases under the Fair Labor Standards Act are more akin to
the Title VII cases where the Court has held that a prepon-
derance standard applies. If clear and convincing evidence
is not required in Title VII cases, it is hard to see why it
would be required in Fair Labor Standards Act cases.

III
We are not persuaded by the employees' policy-laden argu-
ments for a heightened standard when an employer seeks to
show that an employee is exempt. The employees contend
that the Act focuses not on the individual's interest in dam-
ages, but rather on the public's interest in a well-functioning
economy where workers are guaranteed a fair wage. But
that premise, even if accepted, does not demand a heightened
standard. After all, other workplace protections that vindi-
cate important public interests remain subject to the pre-
ponderance standard. Eradicating discrimination from the
workplace is undoubtedly important. Yet as explained
above, this Court has held that a preponderance standard is
 Cite as: (2025) 53

Opinion of the Court

appropriate for Title VII cases. See Price Waterhouse v.
Hopkins, -- 254 (1989) (plurality opinion).
In addition, the public interest in Fair Labor Standards
Act cases does not fall entirely on the side of employees.
Most legislation refects a balance of competing interests.
So it is here. Rather than choose sides in a policy debate,
this Court must apply the statute as written and as informed
by the longstanding default rule regarding the standard of
proof.
Next, the employees contend that the minimum-wage and
overtime-pay rights conferred by the Fair Labor Standards
Act are not waivable and are therefore distinct from other
rights subject to a preponderance standard. But the waiva-
bility (or lack thereof) of a right does not dictate the applica-
ble standard of proof. Consider the criminal process. Even
though the prosecution must meet a high standard of proof -- 
beyond a reasonable doubt -- criminal defendants may waive
Page Proof Pending Publication
their right to trial by pleading guilty. At the same time,
some rights that are not waivable are subject to the
preponderance-of-the-evidence standard. For example, cer-
tain rights conferred by the National Labor Relations Act
are not waivable. See National Licorice Co. v. NLRB, -- 361 (1940); McLaren Macomb, 372 N. L. R. B.
No. 58, pp. 5 -- 6 (2023). Yet employers may prove affrmative
defenses to those rights by a preponderance. See NLRB v.
Transportation Management Corp., 403
(1983).
As those cases illustrate, the waivability of a right and
the standard of proof are two distinct inquiries. Therefore,
although at least some Fair Labor Standards Act rights are
not waivable, it does not follow that a heightened standard
of proof must apply when an employer attempts to show that
an employee is exempt.
Finally, the employees assert that a heightened standard
should govern in Fair Labor Standards Act cases because
the employer controls much of the evidence relevant to es-
54 E.M.D. SALES, INC. v. CARRERA

Gorsuch, J., concurring

tablishing a violation and because plaintiffs in those cases
may have low incomes. But in Title VII cases too, employ-
ers control "most of the cards," and plaintiffs may be low-
income. Murray v. UBS Securities, LLC, 
(2024) (quotation marks omitted). Yet the preponderance
standard applies in those cases. So too here.

* * *
We hold that the preponderance-of-the-evidence standard
applies when an employer seeks to show that an employee is
exempt from the minimum-wage and overtime-pay provi-
sions of the Fair Labor Standards Act. The employees
argue that we should still affrm because they would not
qualify as outside salesmen even under a preponderance
standard. But our usual practice is to leave matters of that
sort for remand. We see no persuasive reason to stray from
that usual practice here. We therefore reverse the judg-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment of the Court of Appeals and remand the case for fur-
ther proceedings consistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.

Justice Gorsuch, with whom Justice Thomas joins,
concurring.
Sometimes, the Constitution or Congress provides a par-
ticular standard of proof. See ante, at 50 -- 51. If not, courts
must fnd one. As in other contexts, they do so by examin-
ing the legal backdrop against which Congress has legislated.
See, e. g., Dixon v. United States, (2006); cf.
Astoria Fed. Sav. & Loan Assn. v. Solimino, (1991) ("Congress is understood to legislate against a
background of common-law adjudicatory principles"). In
civil cases, those background legal principles typically re-
quire proof by a preponderance of the evidence. See ante, at
49 -- 50. Occasionally, though, the default "common-law rule"
provides instead for a "heightened standard of proof." Mi-
 Cite as: (2025) 55

Gorsuch, J., concurring

crosoft Corp. v. i4i L. P., (2011) (Thomas, J.,
concurring in judgment). Either way, courts apply the de-
fault standard unless Congress alters it or the Constitution
forbids it. See, e. g., Octane Fitness, LLC v. ICON Health &
Fitness, Inc., -- 558 (2014). To do otherwise
would be to "choose sides in a policy debate," ante, at 53,
rather than to declare the law as our judicial duty requires.
Our decision today is consistent with this understanding, and
I am pleased to join it.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 1
Pages 168 -- 191

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
February 21, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
168 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

WILLIAMS et al. v. REED, ALABAMA SECRETARY
OF WORKFORCE
certiorari to the supreme court of alabama
No. 23 -- 191. Argued October 7, 2024 -- Decided February 21, 2025
Petitioners are unemployed workers who contend that the Alabama De-
partment of Labor unlawfully delayed processing their state unemploy-
ment benefts claims. They sued the Alabama Secretary of Labor in
state court under 42 U. S. C., raising due process and federal stat-
utory arguments and seeking a court order requiring the Department
to process their claims more quickly. The Secretary moved to dismiss
on several grounds, including that the state trial court lacked juris-
diction because the claimants had not satisfed the relevant statute's
strict administrative-exhaustion requirement. See Ala. Code -- 4 -- 95.
The state trial court granted the Secretary's motion and dismissed the
complaint, leaving the claimants in a catch-22 -- unable to sue to obtain
an order expediting the administrative process because they had not yet
completed the process allegedly being delayed. The Alabama Supreme
Page Proof Pending Publication
Court affrmed on failure-to-exhaust grounds, concluding that did
not preempt the State's administrative-exhaustion requirement.
Held: Where a state court's application of a state exhaustion requirement
in effect immunizes state offcials from claims challenging delays
in the administrative process, state courts may not deny those 
claims on failure-to-exhaust grounds. Pp. 173 -- 179.
(a) "[A] state law that immunizes government conduct otherwise sub-
ject to suit under is pre-empted, even where the federal civil
rights litigation takes place in state court." Felder v. Casey,. Thus, in Howlett v. Rose, this Court held that pre-
empted a Florida rule extending the State's sovereign immunity from
suits "to municipalities, counties, and school districts" because it
in effect afforded immunity from certain claims.. And in Haywood v. Drown, the Court held that a New York stat-
ute designed to shield correction offcers from damages claims by prison-
ers was preempted by.. Pp. 174 -- 175.
(b) Under Alabama's exhaustion requirement, state courts cannot
review claims of unlawful delays under unless and until the claim-
ants frst complete the administrative process and receive a fnal decision
on their claims. Such a requirement operates to immunize state offcials
from a narrow class of claims brought under. Under this Court's
precedents, Alabama cannot apply such an immunity rule. Pp. 175 -- 176.
 Cite as: (2025) 169

Syllabus

(c) According to the Secretary, the jurisdictional nature of Alabama's
exhaustion provision distinguishes it from the state rules at issue in
Haywood and Howlett. But this Court's precedents have not treated
the jurisdictional label of state rules as dispositive when state rules
functionally immunize defendants from a class of claims in state
court. In Haywood, for example, the Court stated that the jurisdic-
tional status of New York's rule did not insulate it from preemption.
556 U. S., at 739 -- 742.
Next, the Secretary suggests that any delays in the state administra-
tive process can be cured by claimants' seeking a writ of mandamus
from the state courts to compel the Department to act more quickly. It
is not evident, however, that mandamus is available to the claimants
here. In any event, the Secretary's argument is simply another way of
saying that the claimant must go through the state process before suing
under to challenge any delays in that process. Just as Alabama
may not force plaintiffs to complete the state administrative process
before plaintiffs may sue under to challenge allegedly unlawful
delays, the State may not force plaintiffs to seek mandamus before
bringing those claims. Pp. 176 -- 178.
387 So. 3d 138, reversed and remanded.

Page
Kavanaugh, Proof
J., deliveredPending Publication
the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Sotomayor, Kagan, and Jackson, JJ., joined. Thomas, J., fled
a dissenting opinion, in which Alito, Gorsuch, and Barrett, JJ., joined
as to Part II, post, p. 179.

Adam G. Unikowsky argued the cause for petitioners.
With him on the briefs were Arjun R. Ramamurti, Michael
Forton, Lawrence Gardella, Farah Majid, Chisolm Allen-
lundy, David A. Strauss, and Sarah M. Konsky
Edmund G. LaCour, Jr., Solicitor General of Alabama, ar-
gued the cause for respondent. With him on the brief were
Steve Marshall, Attorney General, Robert M. Overing, Dep-
uty Solicitor General, Dylan Mauldin, Assistant Solicitor
General, and Brenton M. Smith, Assistant Attorney
General.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Chamber of
Commerce of the United States of America by Steven A. Engel, Michael
H. McGinley, Brian A. Kulp, and Jonathan D. Urick; for the Constitu-
tional Accountability Center by Elizabeth B. Wydra, Brianne J. Gorod,
170 WILLIAMS v. REED

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kavanaugh delivered the opinion of the Court.
Several unemployed workers in Alabama applied for
unemployment benefts from the State. In their view, the
Alabama Department of Labor has unlawfully delayed the
processing of their benefts claims. So the claimants sued
the Alabama Secretary of Labor in state court under 42
U. S. C., raising due process and federal statutory ar-
guments and seeking a court order requiring the Depart-
ment to process their claims more quickly. The Alabama
Supreme Court ruled that the claimants could not sue under
to challenge delays in the administrative process until
the claimants completed that process. But that ruling cre-
ated a catch-22: Because the claimants cannot sue until they
complete the administrative process, they can never sue
under to obtain an order expediting the administrative
process. This Court's precedents do not permit States to
immunize state offcials from suits in that way. See
Haywood v. Drown, (2009); Howlett v. Rose, 496
Page Proof Pending Publication
U. S. 356 (1990). On that narrow ground, we reverse.
I
A
The State of Alabama grants monetary benefts to unem-
ployed claimants who meet certain eligibility criteria. See
and Brian R. Frazelle; for the Islam and Religious Freedom Action Team
et al. by Brian P. Morrissey and Nicholas R. Reaves; for the National
Health Law Program et al. by Theresa M. Sprain; and for Public Citizen
et al. by Wendy Liu, Allison M. Zieve, and David D. Cole.
A brief of amici curiae urging affrmance was fled for the State of
Tennessee et al. by Jonathan Skrmetti, Attorney General of Tennessee, J.
Matthew Rice, Solicitor General, and Gabriel Krimm, Assistant Solicitor
General, and by the Attorneys General for their respective States as fol-
lows: Raúl R. Labrador of Idaho, Theodore E. Rokita of Indiana, Brenna
Bird of Iowa, Kris W. Kobach of Kansas, Liz Murrill of Louisiana, Lynn
Fitch of Mississippi, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Drew H. Wrigley of
North Dakota, Dave Yost of Ohio, Michelle A. Henry of Pennsylvania;
Alan Wilson of South Carolina, Marty J. Jackley of South Dakota, Ken
Paxton of Texas, Sean D. Reyes of Utah, and Patrick Morrisey of West
Virginia.
 Cite as: (2025) 171

Opinion of the Court

Ala. Code -- 4 -- 90 et seq. (2016); Ala. Admin. Code, ch. 480 -- 
4 -- 3 (Supp. 2019). To obtain unemployment benefts, a
claimant frst must apply to the Alabama Department of
Labor "in accordance with such general rules as the secre-
tary may prescribe." Ala. Code -- 4 -- 90.1 After receiv-
ing an application, the Department, through an examiner
designated by the Secretary, must "promptly" make a "de-
termination" on the claim. -- 4 -- 91(a). The Department
also must "promptly" notify the claimant of the determina-
tion, generally by mailing a notice to his or her last known
address. -- 4 -- 91(c)(1). The relevant statutory provi-
sions do not defne "promptly."
A claimant who wants to appeal an adverse determination
must, within 7 days of the delivery of the notice or 15 days of
the mailing of the notice, seek review by an appeals tribunal.
-- 4 -- 91(d). That tribunal consists of a Department em-
ployee who is appointed by the Secretary. -- 4 -- 92(a).
The tribunal must "hear and decide disputed claims and
Page Proof Pending Publication
other due process cases" related to benefts claims. Ibid.
And the tribunal must "promptly" hold a hearing. Ala.
Admin. Code Rule 480 -- 1 -- 4 -- .09(2). The tribunal must then
decide the appeal "within 30 days" of the hearing. Ala.
Admin. Code Rule 480 -- 1 -- 4 -- .11(1).
A claimant who loses before the appeals tribunal may seek
discretionary review before the Department's Board of Ap-
peals, which is composed of three members appointed by the
Governor. Ala. Code -- 2 -- 12. A claimant must seek re-
view within 15 days from the date when the appeals tribu-
nal's decision was mailed to the claimant. -- 4 -- 92(c). If
the Board of Appeals does not grant review within 10 days of
the claimant's fling, then the decision of the appeals tribunal
becomes fnal. -- 4 -- 94(b).

1
During this litigation, Alabama changed the name of its Department of
Labor to the Department of Workforce, and Greg Reed, Alabama's frst
Secretary of Workforce, was substituted as the respondent. See 2024 Ala.
Acts no. 2024 -- 115. Like the parties' briefng, we refer to the Secretary
and the Department by their titles when this suit was fled.
172 WILLIAMS v. REED

Opinion of the Court

After the Board of Appeals denies review, fails to grant
review within the 10-day period, or grants review and issues
an adverse decision, the claimant may then challenge the de-
nial of benefts in Alabama state court. -- 4 -- 95. But not
until then. The Alabama law setting forth these procedures
includes a strict exhaustion requirement, which provides:
"No circuit court shall permit an appeal from a decision
allowing or disallowing a claim for benefts unless the
decision sought to be reviewed is that of an appeals tri-
bunal or of the board of appeals and unless the person
fling such appeal has exhausted his administrative rem-
edies as provided by this chapter." Ibid.
That statutory procedure "shall be exclusive." -- 4 -- 96.
On its face, the State's exhaustion requirement prevents
claimants from challenging adverse benefts determinations
in state court, including in suits brought under, until
the Board of Appeals has completed or denied review.
Page Proof Pending
B
Publication
In this case, 21 Alabama claimants applied for unemploy-
ment benefts. They contend that the Department, in vari-
ous ways, has unlawfully delayed the processing of their ben-
efts claims. For example, plaintiff Derek Bateman alleges
that he attempted to appeal his claim to an appeals tribunal.
But according to Bateman, the Department never scheduled
a hearing or otherwise acted on his appeal, even after he
attempted to follow up by email and phone calls numerous
times.
The 21 claimants sued the Secretary of Labor in his offcial
capacity in the Circuit Court of Montgomery County, Ala-
bama. Invoking 42 U. S. C., they asserted among
other things that the Department's delays in processing their
benefts claims violated the Due Process Clause of the Four-
teenth Amendment and the Social Security Act of 1935.
The claimants did not ask the court to rule that they were
entitled to unemployment benefts. Rather, they simply
 Cite as: (2025) 173

Opinion of the Court

asked the court to order the Department to promptly ad-
dress their benefts claims. As relevant here, the claimants
sought a court order requiring the Department to: (1) "issue
an initial nonmonetary decision within the next ten days to
every plaintiff who has not yet received a decision"; (2) "pro-
vide within ten days a hearing date for each of the plaintiffs
who [has] requested a hearing"; (3) schedule such hearings
for a date not later than 90 days after the request for the
hearing; and (4) pay every approved claim within two days
of the date of approval. App. 42 -- 43.
The Secretary moved to dismiss the complaint on several
grounds. The Secretary argued, among other things, that
the state trial court lacked jurisdiction because the claimants
had not satisfed the administrative-exhaustion requirement
in Alabama Code -- 4 -- 95. The court granted the Secre-
tary's motion and dismissed the complaint.
The claimants appealed to the Alabama Supreme Court.
That court affrmed on failure-to-exhaust grounds. Johnson
Page Proof Pending Publication
v. Washington, 387 So. 3d 138, 144 (Ala. 2023). The court
concluded that under this Court's precedents, did not
preempt the State's administrative-exhaustion requirement.
Id., at 143 -- 144.
Justice Cook dissented. He reasoned that under this
Court's precedents, the State could not bar a suit chal-
lenging the Department's delays in making a determination
on a benefts claim. Id., at 146 -- 150.
This Court granted certiorari. (2024).

II
The Secretary argues that Alabama's exhaustion require-
ment constitutes a "neutral rule of judicial administration"
and that the Alabama Supreme Court permissibly applied
that statutory rule to bar the claimants' suit in state
court. Haywood v. Drown, (2009). The
claimants respond that Alabama may not preclude 
suits on failure-to-exhaust grounds when, as here, plaintiffs
174 WILLIAMS v. REED

Opinion of the Court

challenge the Department's delays in processing their claims.
Otherwise, they say, Alabama's rule would create a catch-22
preventing adjudication of, and in effect immunizing state
offcials from, this narrow category of claims about
delays in the administrative process.2
In light of this Court's precedents, we agree with the
claimants. In the unusual circumstances presented here -- 
where a state court's application of a state exhaustion re-
quirement in effect immunizes state offcials from 
claims challenging delays in the administrative process -- 
state courts may not deny those claims on failure-to-
exhaust grounds.
A
This Court has long held that "a state law that immunizes
government conduct otherwise subject to suit under 
is pre-empted, even where the federal civil rights litigation
takes place in state court." Felder v. Casey, Page Proof Pending Publication
139 (1988). As the Court has explained, States possess "no
authority to override" Congress's "decision to subject state"
offcials "to liability for violations of federal rights." Id., at
143. That principle bars any state rule immunizing state
offcials from a "particular species" of federal claims, even if
the immunity rule is "cloaked in jurisdictional garb." Hay-
wood, 556 U. S., at 739, 742.
In Howlett v. Rose, for example, the Court analyzed a Flor-
ida rule extending the State's sovereign immunity from
suits "not only to the State and its arms but also to
municipalities, counties, and school districts that might oth-
erwise be subject to suit under." -- 
366 (1990). This Court held that preempted Florida's
rule because the rule in effect afforded immunity from cer-
tain claims. Id., at 375 -- 378.
2
The claimants also contend, more broadly, that this Court's prec-
edents -- especially Patsy v. Board of Regents of Fla., (1982),
and Felder v. Casey, (1988) -- categorically bar both federal
and state courts from applying state administrative-exhaustion require-
ments to claims. We need not address that broader argument.
 Cite as: (2025) 175

Opinion of the Court

And in Haywood v. Drown, the Court addressed a New
York statute depriving state courts of jurisdiction over
claims by prisoners seeking damages against state correc-
tional offcers. See 556 U. S., at 733 -- 734. The Court reiter-
ated that States "lack authority to nullify a federal right or
cause of action they believe is inconsistent with their local
policies." Id., at 736. In violation of that principle, New
York in essence had created "an immunity defense" for cor-
rectional offcers when those offcers were sued under 
in state court. Id., at 736 -- 737, 742. The Haywood
Court held that "the unique scheme adopted by the State
of New York -- a law designed to shield a particular class of
defendants (correction offcers) from a particular type of lia-
bility (damages) brought by a particular class of plaintiffs
(prisoners)" -- was preempted by. Id., at 741 -- 742.3

B

Page Proof Pending Publication
Here, the Alabama Supreme Court ruled that the State's
exhaustion requirement applies to "procedural challenges re-
lated to the administration of unemployment-compensation
benefts in addition to substantive challenges regarding the
decision to award (or not award) those benefts." Johnson
v. Washington, 387 So. 3d 138, 143 (2023). And it concluded
that the universe of "procedural challenges" requiring ex-
haustion includes suits alleging that the Department
is unlawfully delaying the processing of benefts claims.
Alabama's exhaustion requirement operates to immunize
state offcials from a narrow class of claims brought under
-- namely, claims of unlawful delay in the administra-
tive process. Under Alabama's exhaustion requirement,
state courts cannot review claims of unlawful delays under
3
In Haywood, the Court declined to address "whether Congress may
compel a State to offer a forum, otherwise unavailable under state law, to
hear suits brought pursuant to." 556 U. S., at 739. This case simi-
larly does not require us to address that underlying question: Alabama
"has made this inquiry unnecessary by creating courts of general jurisdic-
tion that routinely sit to hear analogous actions." Ibid.
176 WILLIAMS v. REED

Opinion of the Court

unless and until the claimants frst complete the ad-
ministrative process and receive a fnal decision on their
claims. In essence, Alabama has said that to challenge de-
lays in the administrative process under, you frst
have to exhaust the administrative process. Of course, that
means that you can never challenge delays in the administra-
tive process. That catch-22 prevents the claimants here
from obtaining a merits resolution of their claims in
state court and in effect immunizes state offcials from those
kinds of suits for injunctive relief.
Under this Court's precedents, however, Alabama cannot
maintain such an immunity rule. As this Court's cases have
repeatedly held, "a state law that immunizes government
conduct otherwise subject to suit under is pre-empted,
even where the federal civil rights litigation takes place in
state court." Felder, 487 U. S., at 139; see also Howlett, 496
U. S., at 375 -- 378.4
C
Page Proof Pending Publication
In response, the Secretary advances two primary points.
First, the Secretary argues that the "jurisdictional nature
of Alabama's exhaustion provision sets it apart from proce-

4
Importantly, the Court's holding today does not mean that premature
procedural due process claims will necessarily prevail. As this Court has
stated, "a procedural due process claim is not complete when the depriva-
tion occurs. Rather, the claim is complete only when the State fails to
provide due process." Reed v. Goertz, (2023) (quotation
marks and citation omitted); see Alvin v. Suzuki, 227 F. 3d 107, 116 (CA3
2000). Therefore, as counsel for the claimants rightly acknowledged at
oral argument, a plaintiff who asserts a "due process claim without ex-
hausting" will "usually lose" because of the requirement that the chal-
lenged procedural deprivation must have already occurred, except "in an
unusual case" where "you're actually challenging the inability to exhaust."
Tr. of Oral Arg. 36.
Here, the claimants allege that the State's delays in completing the ad-
ministrative process violated their due process and statutory rights. We
take no position on the merits of those claims.
 Cite as: (2025) 177

Opinion of the Court

dural rules that may be more readily preempted by."
Brief for Respondent 25. In particular, according to the
Secretary, the jurisdictional status of Alabama's exhaustion
requirement distinguishes it from the state rules at issue in
Haywood and Howlett.
States "retain substantial leeway to establish the contours
of their judicial systems" and are free to enforce "neutral"
jurisdictional rules. Haywood, 556 U. S., at 735 -- 736. The
Secretary's argument fails, however, because this Court's
precedents have not treated the jurisdictional label of state
rules as dispositive when state rules functionally immunize
defendants from a class of claims in state court. In
Haywood, for example, a New York law withdrew the state
courts' jurisdiction over a class of claims against cor-
rectional offcers. The Court stated that the jurisdictional
status of New York's rule did not insulate the rule from pre-
emption. Id., at 739 -- 742. As the Court explained, New
Page Proof Pending Publication
York's law operated as "an immunity statute cloaked in juris-
dictional garb." Id., at 742. To treat the jurisdictional
label as dispositive would allow the Supremacy Clause to be
"evaded." Ibid.; see also Howlett, 496 U. S., at 383.
Second, the Secretary suggests that the claimants could
seek a writ of mandamus from the state courts to compel
the Department to act more quickly. For that reason, the
Secretary says that any delays in the state administrative
process can be cured within the state judicial system.
To begin with, it is not evident that mandamus is available
to the claimants here. The Secretary cites a lone decades-
old case from an Alabama intermediate appellate court sug-
gesting in dicta that mandamus would be "appropriate" in a
case where a state agency intentionally delayed its decision
on a couple's application to become adoptive parents. Vance
v. Montgomery Cty. Dept. of Human Resources, 693 So. 2d
493, 495 (Ala. Civ. App. 1997). If mandamus relief were
available in these unemployment benefts cases, one would
178 WILLIAMS v. REED

Opinion of the Court

have expected the Alabama Supreme Court to say so in its
opinion here. Yet the court did not say or suggest that man-
damus relief would be available.
In any event, the Secretary's argument based on the sup-
posed availability of mandamus is simply another way of say-
ing that the claimant must go through the process provided
by the State before suing under to challenge delays in
the state process. To be sure, the availability of mandamus
relief in state court might be relevant to the merits of a due
process or federal statutory claim challenging delays in the
state process. But just as Alabama may not force plaintiffs
to complete the state administrative process before plaintiffs
may sue under to challenge allegedly unlawful delays,
Alabama may not force plaintiffs to seek mandamus before
bringing those claims. Otherwise, by the time the
plaintiffs could sue for injunctive relief under, their
claims would be moot.
Page Proof Pending Publication
For its part, the dissent largely discusses issues that we
do not address in this opinion. In Part II -- C -- 2, when the
dissent eventually turns to the merits of our legal analysis,
the dissent argues that Haywood's reasoning about immunity
rules applies only where a "focus on statutory purpose" re-
veals that a state rule refects " `policy disagreement' " with
federal law. Post, at 189 (opinion of Thomas, J.). We respectfully disagree
with the dissent's reading of Haywood. That decision did
not endorse a freewheeling inquiry into whether a state
rule's "purpose" or "policy" (however assessed) is at odds
with federal law. Rather, a state rule runs afoul of Hay-
wood if it operates as an "immunity statute cloaked in juris-
dictional garb" by wholly barring a "particular species" of
suits in state court. Id., at 739, 742.
The dissent also suggests that the claimants forfeited their
argument based on Haywood and Howlett in the Alabama
Supreme Court. In that court, however, the claimants
clearly raised the argument that under the State could
 Cite as: (2025) 179

Thomas, J., dissenting

not apply an administrative-exhaustion requirement to their
claims challenging delays in the administrative process.
Reply Brief for Appellant in Johnson v. Washington, No.
SC -- 2022 -- 0897 (Ala. Sup. Ct.), pp. 16 -- 17.
The dissent further says that our opinion may have "ripple
effects." Post, at 190. But as we have emphasized, our
opinion today is narrow; it resolves this dispute but is care-
ful not to go beyond this Court's existing precedents. See, supra.
* * *
The Alabama Supreme Court interpreted the State's
administrative-exhaustion requirement for unemployment
benefts claims to in effect immunize the Alabama Secretary
of Labor from due process suits alleging that the De-
partment has unlawfully delayed in processing benefts
claims. By affording immunity from those claims, the Ala-
bama ruling contravenes this Court's precedents. We
Page Proof Pending Publication
therefore reverse the judgment of the Alabama Supreme
Court and remand the case for further proceedings not in-
consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
Justice Thomas, with whom Justice Alito, Justice
Gorsuch, and Justice Barrett join as to Part II,
dissenting.
Alabama law requires claimants seeking unemployment
benefts to exhaust their administrative remedies before
suing over those benefts in state court. Petitioners, the
claimants here, failed to complete that process before they
sued under Rev. Stat., 42 U. S. C.. The Ala-
bama Supreme Court accordingly held that it lacked jurisdic-
tion over the suit. That holding was plainly permissible.
As a matter of frst principles, States have unfettered discre-
tion over whether to provide a forum for claims in
their courts. And, Alabama's exhaustion rule does not
transgress the limitations that our precedents have recog-
180 WILLIAMS v. REED

Thomas, J., dissenting

nized. The Court concludes otherwise by endorsing an as-
applied theory of futility that is both forfeited and meritless,
moving our jurisprudence even further off course. I re-
spectfully dissent.
I
This case is straightforward under frst principles. Our
federal system gives States "plenary authority to decide
whether their local courts will have subject-matter jurisdic-
tion over federal causes of action." Haywood v. Drown, (2009) (Thomas, J., dissenting). The Constitu-
tion allows States to hear federal claims in their courts, but
it does "not impose a duty on state courts to do so." Id., at
747. Thus, "[o]nce a State exercises its sovereign preroga-
tive to deprive its courts of subject-matter jurisdiction over
a federal cause of action, it is the end of the matter as far as
the Constitution is concerned." Id., at 749.
The only potential constraint that the Constitution places
Page Proof Pending Publication
on a State's jurisdictional discretion is the possibility that a
federal statute may preempt state law. The Supremacy
Clause makes the "Constitution, and the Laws of the United
States which shall be made in Pursuance thereof... the
supreme Law of the Land." Art. VI, cl. 2. Accordingly,
"[f]ederal law must prevail when Congress validly enacts a
statute that expressly supersedes state law, or when the
state law conficts with a federal statute." Haywood, 556
U. S., at 764 (Thomas, J., dissenting) (citations omitted).
This preemption rule raises the "diffcult question" whether
Congress can "require state courts to entertain a federal
cause of action." Ibid.,.
We need not answer that question here because 
does not raise any preemption issue. By its text, the provi-
sion does not "command" States to provide a forum for 
plaintiffs. Id., at 765. Instead, it merely "addresses who
may sue and be sued for violations of federal law." Ibid.;
see (deeming "liable" state offcials who deny "any citi-
zen of the United States or other person within the jurisdic-
tion thereof... any rights, privileges, or immunities secured
 Cite as: (2025) 181

Thomas, J., dissenting

by the Constitution and laws"). Nor does Alabama's ex-
haustion bar, which regulates state-court litigation, create
any implicit confict with. Plaintiffs who do not ex-
haust state remedies are always free to bring their claims in
a federal forum. Id., at 766; see also Felder v. Casey, (1988) (O'Connor, J., dissenting) ("Every
plaintiff has the option of proceeding in federal court,
and the [state] statute has not the slightest effect on that
right"). Preemption analysis requires nothing further.
This Court's precedents err to the extent they recognize a
broader form of confict preemption for "state-court proce-
dural rules that are perceived to `burde[n] the exercise of the
federal right' in state court." Haywood, 556 U. S., at 766
(Thomas, J., dissenting).
This form of confict preemption targets state-law rules that
constitute an obstacle to the "goals" embodied in federal law.
Id., at 138. But, only federal law itself can support pre-
emption under the Supremacy Clause. Extratextual specu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
lation about Congress's purposes cannot. See Wyeth v. Le-
vine, -- 604 (2009) (Thomas, J., concurring
in judgment).
Our precedents also err in establishing the requirement at
issue here -- that state jurisdictional rules be "neutral," even
in the absence of a directly conficting federal law. See in-
fra, at 183. The Supremacy Clause does not of its own force
"constrai[n] the States' authority to defne the subject-matter
jurisdiction of their own courts." Haywood, 556 U. S., at 750
(Thomas, J., dissenting). Rather, in making the Constitu-
tion and federal law supreme, "it provides only a rule of deci-
sion that the state court must follow if it adjudicates the
claim." Id., at 751. I would therefore disregard our fur-
ther limitation as "demonstrably erroneous." See Gamble
v. United States, -- 718 (2019) (Thomas, J.,
concurring).*
*Petitioners' suit implicates other precedents that may not withstand
scrutiny. I doubt that petitioners have a true due process interest in
"mere Government benefts and entitlements." Axon Enterprise, Inc. v.
182 WILLIAMS v. REED

Thomas, J., dissenting

Taken together, this case should begin and end with Ala-
bama's plenary authority to decide which federal matters its
state courts will have subject-matter jurisdiction to hear.
Alabama exercised that authority to create an exhaustion
requirement, and we should respect its decision.

II
This Court should affrm even under existing precedents.
Alabama's exhaustion requirement does not run afoul of the
limitations that this Court has identifed on a State's author-
ity to restrict federal causes of action from proceeding in
state court. Petitioners misread our precedents in arguing
otherwise, and the majority's theory likewise cannot pass
muster.
A
Although this Court has held that there are limits on a
State's discretion in regulating state-court jurisdiction over
Page Proof Pending Publication
federal causes of action, our precedents emphasize that state
authority predominates. "The general rule `bottomed
deeply in belief in the importance of state control of state

FTC, (2023) (Thomas, J., concurring). Tellingly,
the Court's original expansion of the Due Process Clause into this context
came without meaningful legal analysis. The Court simply highlighted
the social importance of "entitlements," which had come to make up
"[m]uch of the existing wealth in this country," and which only the poor
had been theretofore unable to effectively enforce. See Goldberg v. Kelly, and (1970) ;
C. Reich, The New Property, 73 Yale L. J. 733 (1964)). As Justice Black
recognized at the time, it "strains credulity" as a textual matter "to say
that the government's promise of charity to an individual is property"
protected by the Fourteenth Amendment. 397 U. S., at 275 (dissenting
opinion). Moreover, further examination may be required as to whether
can provide petitioners a cause of action in any event. Cf. T. Lind-
ley, Anachronistic Readings of Section 1983, 75 Ala. L. Rev. 897, 900 -- 901
(2024) (contending that, as originally understood, did not provide a
freestanding cause of action).
 Cite as: (2025) 183

Thomas, J., dissenting

judicial procedure, is that federal law takes the state courts
as it fnds them.' " Howlett v. Rose, (1990)
). Each State thus
has "great latitude to establish the structure and jurisdiction
of [its] own courts." Howlett, 496 U. S., at 372. This lati-
tude allows States to decide which federal claims their courts
can hear. Ibid.
As relevant here, our precedents establish that States
must exercise this jurisdictional latitude only through "neu-
tral" rules that do not embody any "policy disagree-
ment" with federal law. Haywood, 556 U. S., at 735 -- 737.
Based on this principle, we have identifed two narrow
exceptions to a State's ordinary discretion. First, a State
may not refuse to hear a federal claim "solely because [it]
is brought under a federal law." McKnett v. St. Louis &
San Francisco R. Co., -- 234 (1934). Second,
Page Proof Pending Publication
a State may not deprive its courts of jurisdiction over a
"disfavored" federal claim, even if it simultaneously denies
jurisdiction to an "identical state claim," where doing so
would "undermine federal law." Haywood, 556 U. S., at
737 -- 739.
For good reason, no one suggests that the frst exception
applies. Alabama's exhaustion requirement by its terms
does "not discriminate against rights arising under federal
laws." See McKnett, 292 U. S., at 234. Instead, it imposes
a generally applicable exhaustion process "for the making
of determinations with respect to claims for unemployment
compensation benefts." Ala. Code -- 4 -- 96 (2016). State
and federal claims regarding unemployment benefts are
equally subject to this process, including as to "procedural"
challenges like the one here. Johnson v. Washington, 387
So. 3d 138, 143 (Ala. 2023).
The second exception does not apply either. Alabama's
exhaustion requirement is nothing like the statute in Hay-
wood that this Court viewed as "disfavor[ing]" federal law.
184 WILLIAMS v. REED

Thomas, J., dissenting

556 U. S., at 738. That statute deprived New York courts
of jurisdiction over "damages suits fled by prisoners against
state correction offcers," based on the State's belief that
they were "by and large frivolous and vexatious." Id., at
733 (discussing N. Y. Correc. Law Ann. (West 1987)).
This Court deemed New York's rule "effectively an immu-
nity statute cloaked in jurisdictional garb," which protected
correction offcers from a subset of disfavored claims
even as New York courts continued to hear most 
actions. 556 U. S., at 741 -- 742. According to the Hay-
wood majority, that policy-driven denial could not be squared
with the supremacy of 's countervailing policy. Id.,
at 740.
Alabama's decision to create an exhaustion requirement
for all unemployment-benefts-related claims does not em-
body any comparable policy judgment. Rather, this re-
quirement, which has existed since 1939, is an ordinary juris-
dictional rule refecting the Alabama Department of Labor's
Page Proof Pending Publication
comparative "competence over the subject matter" of un-
employment benefts. Howlett, 496 U. S., at 381; see 1939
Ala. Acts no. 497, pp. 737 -- 741. The exhaustion process
serves all the useful functions that this Court has recognized:
It allows the agency with subject-matter expertise to retain
primary responsibility over the area; it avoids unnecessary
litigation; and it creates a record in case judicial review is
necessary. McCarthy v. Madigan, (1992).
In short, Alabama's exhaustion requirement is a procedural
step that "promotes judicial effciency," ibid., in contrast to
the statute in Haywood, which created a de facto "immunity"
shielding a class of claims from judicial review, 556 U. S., at
742. We have no authority to interfere with Alabama's
choice.
B
Petitioners try to evade Alabama's exhaustion require-
ment by arguing for a different exception. On their view,
our decisions in Patsy v. Board of Regents of Fla., 457 U. S.
 Cite as: (2025) 185

Thomas, J., dissenting

496 (1982), and Felder establish that States are categorically
precluded from imposing exhaustion requirements in the
context. But, petitioners badly misread both
decisions.
Patsy addressed whether federal courts can impose an ex-
haustion requirement for cases in the absence of a con-
gressional directive to do so. See 457 U. S., at 501. The
Court held that they cannot, reasoning that federal courts
may create exhaustion requirements only where doing so is
consistent with congressional intent, because "Congress is
vested with the power to prescribe the basic procedural
scheme under which claims may be heard in federal courts."
Id., at 501 -- 502, 516. That analysis has no relevance to the
question here: whether States have authority "to establish
the structure and jurisdiction of their own courts." How-
lett, 496 U. S., at 372.
Felder too is inapposite. That decision held that 
Page Proof Pending Publication
preempted a Wisconsin notice-of-claim statute that effec-
tively altered the scope of liability on the merits. See
487 U. S., at 153. That is, the statute subjected state-court
plaintiffs to a dismissal with prejudice if they did not frst
submit their claims against the State or its offcers to the
government for an advance merits determination. Id., at
136 -- 137, and ; see Haywood, 556 U. S., at 773 -- 774, 
(Thomas, J., dissenting). Failure to exhaust under that
statute operated as a state-created merits defense to 
liability. But, the impermissibility of such a merits defense
says nothing about a State's discretion to create true juris-
dictional rules, which speak only to the judiciary's " `power' "
to " `proceed at all.' " Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Envi-
ronment, (1998) ).
Felder would remain inapposite even if it had involved a
purportedly jurisdictional rule compelling dismissal without
prejudice. In that event, the Wisconsin statute would sim-
ply have raised the problem that this Court later confronted
186 WILLIAMS v. REED

Thomas, J., dissenting

in Haywood, where the State singled out a "disfavored" cate-
gory of claims for second-class treatment. 556 U. S., at 738.
The notice-of-claim statute in Felder existed to "further the
State's interest in minimizing liability and the expenses asso-
ciated with it." 487 U. S., at 143. And, although Felder
noted that the statute "impose[d] an exhaustion require-
ment," it treated that fact as one of multiple "interrelated"
factors that caused the Wisconsin statute to "burden" 
claimants. Id., at 141, 146. The exhaustion requirement
was not an independently fatal problem, so Felder's language
on exhaustion should not be overread. See Cohens v. Vir-
ginia, 6 Wheat. 264, 399 (1821) ("[G]eneral expressions, in
every opinion, are to be taken in connection with the case in
which those expressions are used. If they go beyond the
case, they may be respected, but ought not to control the
judgment in a subsequent suit when the very point is pre-
sented for decision").
Page Proof Pending PublicationC
The majority rules for petitioners on narrower grounds,
but its holding is equally unpersuasive. The majority does
not dispute that, as a general matter, Alabama is entitled to
apply its exhaustion requirement to claims. See ante,
at 174,. It instead holds that, under Haywood, Alabama's
discretion cannot extend to the specifc claims here, which
challenge delays in the exhaustion process itself. Ante, at
173 -- 174. On the majority's view, maintaining the exhaus-
tion requirement for such claims would mean that petitioners
will never be able to advance to state court, leaving the State
essentially "immun[e]" from challenges to its exhaustion
process. Ante, at 175 -- 176. This theory of futility is both
forfeited and meritless.
1
"[T]his Court has almost unfailingly refused to consider
any federal-law challenge to a state-court decision unless the
federal claim `was either addressed by or properly presented
 Cite as: (2025) 187

Thomas, J., dissenting

to the state court that rendered the decision we have been
asked to review.' " Howell v. Mississippi, 
(2005) (per curiam) (per curiam)). In fact, the Court's historical
practice has generally been to treat this preservation re-
quirement as jurisdictional, although our more recent cases
have expressed uncertainty on this issue. Howell, 543 U. S.,
at 445 -- 446. In view of petitioners' preservation obligation,
we should reject as forfeited their newfound theory of futil-
ity, which was neither presented nor addressed below.
Until seeking certiorari, petitioners litigated this case as
a facial challenge, arguing solely that "categorically"
preempted States from applying exhaustion requirements in
the context. Reply Brief for Appellant in Johnson v.
Washington, No. SC -- 2022 -- 0897 (Ala. Sup. Ct.), p. 16. The
Alabama Supreme Court accordingly understood that this
facial challenge was petitioners' "only" argument for federal
Page Proof Pending Publication
preemption. 387 So. 3d, at 143 -- 144. Petitioners belatedly
contend that they also raised a futility-based argument, but
the briefng they cite merely addressed how the futility of
waiting for exhaustion affected the proper timing of their
facial challenge. See Reply Brief 24,.
Because petitioners raised only a facial challenge below,
they cannot press an as-applied challenge here. "[F]acial"
and "as-applied" claims are distinct and must be individually
preserved. See United States v. Stevens, (2010); see also, e.g., Moody v. NetChoice, LLC, (2024) ("NetChoice chose to litigate these cases as
facial challenges, and that decision comes at a cost"). So,
petitioners cannot now argue that Alabama's exhaustion re-
quirement is impermissible in the specific circumstance
where exhaustion would be futile.
There is no reason to treat this case as the "very rare
exceptio[n]" in which petitioners' forfeiture might be over-
looked. Adams, 520 U. S., at 86 (internal quotation marks
188 WILLIAMS v. REED

Thomas, J., dissenting

omitted). The majority, which ignores that petitioners
needed to raise their as-applied objection specifcally, cer-
tainly provides no justifcation. See ante, at 178 -- 179. In-
stead, its analysis only highlights why we should not decide
petitioners' as-applied challenge in the frst instance.
The majority's futility theory depends on the assumption
that petitioners will never have their day in court if we leave
Alabama's exhaustion requirement intact. See ante, at 175 -- 
176. But, petitioners' failure to raise their as-applied claim
below means that we have no way of knowing whether this
assumption is true. It may be the case that the exhaustion
requirement here contains an implicit futility exception. Cf.
Graysville v. Glenn, 46 So. 3d 925, 929 (Ala. 2010) (identify-
ing futility as a "recognized exceptio[n]" to the "exhaustion-
of-administrative-remedies doctrine" generally). Or, it may
be the case that petitioners may obtain mandamus relief, as
the dissent below suggested and the State underscored.
Page Proof Pending Publication
See 387 So. 3d, at 146 (Cook, J., dissenting); Tr. of Oral Arg.
54 -- 56. As a federal court assessing petitioners' objection in
the frst instance, we have no way to assess the viability of
these or any other mechanisms.
The majority's attempts to disregard this uncertainty are
unpersuasive. The majority concludes that the uncertainty
should count against the State, and expresses doubt about
the availability of mandamus based on the Alabama Supreme
Court's failure to address that form of relief. Ante, at 177 -- 
178. But, that court had no reason to opine on the alterna-
tive pathways available to petitioners, given that petitioners
failed to raise an as-applied challenge. We should not re-
ward petitioners for their own mistake. Likewise, the ma-
jority's assertion that mandamus would be irrelevant even if
it were available is puzzling. Ante, at 178. If petitioners
can secure completion of the exhaustion process through
mandamus, then by defnition they will not be in a "catch-
22" that "prevents [them] from obtaining a merits resolution
of their claims in state court." Ante, at 176.
 Cite as: (2025) 189

Thomas, J., dissenting

2
In any event, petitioners' as-applied challenge fails on the
merits. Unlike the New York statute in Haywood, Ala-
bama's exhaustion requirement is not " `an immunity statute
cloaked in jurisdictional garb.' " Contra, ante, at 177 (quot-
ing Haywood, 556 U. S., at 742).
Properly understood, Haywood directs our focus to the
challenged statute's purpose. The Court there viewed the
New York statute as an immunity statute because it was
"designed to shield" correction offcers from damages claims
brought by prisoners, "[b]ased on the belief " that these
claims tended to be "frivolous and vexatious." Id., at 741 -- 
742. In other words, States cannot implicitly reject the su-
premacy of federal law by basing a jurisdictional limitation -- 
even one that also applies to state claims -- on "policy
disagreement" with federal law. Id., at 737 -- 738.
A focus on statutory purpose makes clear that Alabama's
Page Proof Pending Publication
exhaustion requirement raises no Haywood problem. There
is no credible argument that Alabama adopted its exhaustion
requirement in order to defeat challenges to the exhaustion
process itself. Alabama created its exhaustion scheme in
1939, decades before the understanding that public benefts
give rise to a due process interest emerged. See supra, at
181 -- 182, n. And, the Alabama exhaustion process is by all
accounts an ordinary exhaustion requirement common
among public-benefts schemes, which in the mine-run case
serves to facilitate the adjudication of benefts determina-
tions on the merits. There is no reason to think that Ala-
bama intended to cause mischief in the rare context of a
challenge to its procedures.
At most, this case presents a circumstance in which Ala-
bama's "neutral jurisdictional rule" has the effect of defeat-
ing a federal claim. See Haywood, 556 U. S., at 735. But,
again, our precedents disallow a State's jurisdictional rule
only if it is in fact not "neutral" -- that is, if it is "based on a
policy disagreement," and so is intended to "shut the court-
190 WILLIAMS v. REED

Thomas, J., dissenting

house door to federal claims that it considers at odds with
its local policy." Id., at 737 -- 738, 740.
The majority's contrary conclusion misunderstands Hay-
wood. Ignoring that decision's purpose-focused language,
the majority asserts that it disallows any state rule that "op-
erates as an `immunity statute'... by wholly barring a `par-
ticular species' of suits in state court." Ante, at 178. But, in context, that quoted
language only reinforces the majority's error. Those lines
in Haywood reiterate that what mattered there was New
York's illicit purpose: A State may not "dee[m]" "a particular
species of suits... inappropriate for its trial courts." Id., at
739 -- 740. Nor may a State effectively create an "immunity
statute" "[b]ased on the belief that [certain claims] are frivo-
lous and vexatious." Id., at 742. Nothing in Haywood sug-
gests that a state rule could be impermissible just because it
has the incidental effect of disallowing certain federal claims.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The majority also does not grapple with the possible ripple
effects of its reading of Haywood. It professes only that its
opinion is "narrow" and does nothing more than "resolv[e]
this dispute." Ante, at 179. But, the majority's protesta-
tions do not make it so.
A constraint based on incidental effects is notably more
amorphous than our prior focus on statutory purpose. After
all, to the extent the Supremacy Clause bars States from
enacting nominally jurisdictional rules that "registe[r their]
dissent" from federal policy, States may craft their laws with
an eye toward avoiding confict. Haywood, 556 U. S., at 737 -- 
738. But, the same is not true for incidental effects. No
statute can be perfectly drafted to anticipate every applica-
tion that ultimately arises, so it is inevitable that exhaustion
requirements will occasionally slow or defeat claims that we
might think, as a policy matter, ought to go forward. That
happenstance is not a reason for suspicion, just as we do not
malign the many federal statutes with similarly categorical
exhaustion requirements. See, e. g., Booth v. Churner, 532
 Cite as: (2025) 191

Thomas, J., dissenting

U. S. 731, 733 -- 734 (2001) (applying the Prison Litigation Re-
form Act's exhaustion requirement even where the exhaus-
tion process could not provide the prisoner's requested re-
lief). Here too, the Court should not encroach on Alabama's
"latitude to establish the structure and jurisdiction of [its]
own courts." Howlett, 496 U. S., at 372.
III
The Court's decision is irreconcilable with both frst princi-
ples and precedent. I respectfully dissent.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 1
Pages 168 -- 203

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
May 29, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
168 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION
et al. v. EAGLE COUNTY, COLORADO, et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the district of columbia circuit
No. 23 -- 975. Argued December 10, 2024 -- Decided May 29, 2025
Under federal law, new railroad construction and operation must frst
be approved by the U. S. Surface Transportation Board. 49 U. S. C.. In 2020, the Seven County Infrastructure Coalition applied to
the Board for approval of an 88-mile railroad line connecting Utah's oil-
rich Uinta Basin to the national freight rail network, facilitating the
transportation of crude oil to refneries along the Gulf Coast. As part
of its project review, the Board prepared an environmental impact state-
ment (EIS) that addressed signifcant environmental effects of the proj-
ect and identifed feasible alternatives that could mitigate those effects,
as required by the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA). The
Board issued a draft EIS and invited public comment. After holding
six public meetings and collecting more than 1,900 comments, the Board
Page Proof Pending Publication
prepared a 3,600-page EIS that analyzed numerous impacts of the rail-
way's construction and operation. Relevant here, the EIS noted, but
did not fully analyze, the potential environmental effects of increased
upstream oil drilling in the Uinta Basin and increased downstream re-
fning of crude oil. The Board subsequently approved the railroad line,
concluding that the project's transportation and economic benefts out-
weighed its environmental impacts. Petitions challenging the Board's
action were fled in the D. C. Circuit by a Colorado county and several
environmental organizations. The D. C. Circuit found "numerous
NEPA violations arising from the EIS." 82 F. 4th 1152, 1196. Spe-
cifcally, the D. C. Circuit held that the Board impermissibly limited
its analysis of the environmental effects from upstream oil drilling and
downstream oil refning projects, concluding that those effects were rea-
sonably foreseeable impacts that the EIS should have analyzed more
extensively. Based on the defciencies it found in the EIS, the D. C.
Circuit vacated both the EIS and the Board's fnal approval order.
Held: The D. C. Circuit failed to afford the Board the substantial judicial
deference required in NEPA cases and incorrectly interpreted NEPA
to require the Board to consider the environmental effects of upstream
and downstream projects that are separate in time or place from the
Uinta Basin Railway. Pp. 177 -- 192.
 Cite as: (2025) 169

Syllabus

(a) NEPA ensures that agencies and the public are aware of the envi-
ronmental consequences of certain proposed infrastructure projects.
As a purely procedural statute, NEPA "does not mandate particular
results, but simply prescribes the necessary process" for an agency's
environmental review of a project. Robertson v. Methow Valley Citi-
zens Council,. Some federal courts reviewing NEPA
cases have assumed an aggressive role in policing agency compliance
with NEPA, and have not applied NEPA with the judicial deference
demanded by the statutory text and the Court's cases.
When, as here, a party argues that an agency action was arbitrary
and capricious due to a defciency in an EIS, the "only role for a court"
is to confrm that the agency has addressed environmental consequences
and feasible alternatives as to the relevant project. Strycker's Bay
Neighborhood Council, Inc. v. Karlen,. Further, the
adequacy of an EIS is relevant only to the question of whether an
agency's fnal decision (here, to approve the railroad project) was rea-
sonably explained.
Judicial deference in NEPA cases extends to an agency's determina-
tion of what details are relevant in an EIS. While NEPA requires an
EIS to be "detailed," 42 U. S. C. (C), and the meaning of "de-
tailed" is a legal question, see Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo,
Page Proof Pending Publication
-- 392, what details need to be included in any given
EIS is a factual determination for the agency. The textual focus of
NEPA is the "proposed action" -- the project at hand -- not other sepa-
rate projects. (C). Courts should defer to agencies' discre-
tionary decisions about where to draw the line when considering indi-
rect environmental effects and whether to analyze effects from other
projects separate in time or place. See Department of Transportation
v. Public Citizen,. In sum, when assessing signifcant
environmental effects and feasible alternatives for purposes of NEPA,
an agency will invariably make a series of fact-dependent, context-
specifc, and policy-laden choices about the depth and breadth of its in-
quiry -- and also about the length, content, and level of detail of the re-
sulting EIS. Courts should afford substantial deference and should not
micromanage those agency choices so long as they fall within a broad
zone of reasonableness. Even a defcient EIS does not necessarily re-
quire vacating an agency's project approval, absent reason to believe
that the agency might disapprove the project if it added more to the
EIS. Cf. 5 U. S. C.. Pp. 177 -- 185.
(b) Contrary to the D. C. Circuit's NEPA analysis, the Board's deter-
mination that its EIS need not evaluate possible environmental effects
from upstream and downstream projects separate from the Uinta Basin
170 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Syllabus

Railway complied with NEPA's procedural requirements, particularly
NEPA's textually mandated focus on the "proposed action" under
agency review. While indirect environmental effects of the project it-
self may fall within NEPA's scope even if they might extend outside the
geographical territory of the project or materialize later in time, the
fact that the project might foreseeably lead to the construction or in-
creased use of a separate project does not mean the agency must con-
sider that separate project's environmental effects. See Public Citi-
zen, 541 U. S., at 767. This is particularly true where, as here, those
separate projects fall outside the agency's regulatory authority.
Pp. 186 -- 191.
(c) NEPA does not allow courts, "under the guise of judicial re-
view" of agency compliance with NEPA, to delay or block agency
projects based on the environmental effects of other projects separate
from the project at hand. Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Corp.
v. Natural Resources De fense Council, Inc.,.
P. 192.
82 F. 4th 1152, reversed and remanded.

Kavanaugh, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Thomas, Alito, and Barrett, JJ., joined. Sotomayor, J., fled
Page Proof Pending Publication
an opinion concurring in the judgment, in which Kagan and Jackson, JJ.,
joined, post, p. 192. Gorsuch, J., took no part in the consideration or
decision of the case.

Paul D. Clement argued the cause for petitioners. With
him on the briefs were Matthew D. Rowen, Kevin Wynosky,
Jay C. Johnson, and Fred R. Wagner.
Deputy Solicitor General Kneedler argued the cause for
federal respondents urging reversal in part. With him on
the briefs were Solicitor General Prelogar, Assistant Attor-
ney General Kim, Colleen E. Roh Sinzdak, Robert J. Lund-
man, Justin D. Heminger, Anika Sanders Cooper, and Bar-
bara Miller.
William M. Jay argued the cause for respondent Eagle
County et al. With him on the brief were Jordan Bock,
Nathaniel H. Hunt, Beth Oliver, and Christina Hooper.
Kirti Datla fled a brief for environmental respondents.
With her on the brief were Benjamin Chagnon, Linnet
 Cite as: (2025) 171

Counsel

Davis-Stermitz, Eric Glitzenstein, Wendy Park, and Ed-
ward B. Zukoski.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the State of Loui-
siana et al. by Elizabeth B. Murrill, Attorney General of Louisiana, J.
Benjamin Aguiñaga, Solicitor General, Kelsey L. Smith, Deputy Solicitor
General, and Caitlin A. Huettemann, Assistant Solicitor General, and by
the Attorneys General for their respective States as follows: Steve Mar-
shall of Alabama, Treg Taylor of Alaska, Tim Griffn of Arkansas, Ashley
Moody of Florida, Christopher M. Carr of Georgia, Raúl R. Labrador of
Idaho, Theodore E. Rokita of Indiana, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Russell Cole-
man of Kentucky, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Andrew Bailey of Missouri,
Austin Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Drew H.
Wrigley of North Dakota, Dave Yost of Ohio, Gentner Drummond of Okla-
homa, Alan Wilson of South Carolina, Marty Jackley of South Dakota,
Jonathan Skrmetti of Tennessee, Ken Paxton of Texas, Jason Miyares of
Virginia, Patrick Morrisey of West Virginia, and Bridget Hill of Wyo-
ming; for the State of Utah by Sean D. Reyes, Attorney General of Utah,
and Stanford E. Purser, Solicitor General; for the American Exploration
and Mining Association et al. by Michael R. Huston, Christopher D.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Thomas, and Andrea J. Driggs; for the American Forest Resource Council
et al. by Ivan L. London; for the Americans for Prosperity Foundation
et al. by Michael Pepson and Dan Greenberg; for the Association of Amer-
ican Railroads by Daniel Saphire; for the Center for American Liberty by
Harmeet K. Dhillon; for the Center for Environmental Accountability by
Paul E. Salamanca; for the Chamber of Commerce of the United States of
America et al. by Kyle D. Hawkins, Michael B. Schon, Andrew R. Varcoe,
Stephanie A. Maloney, Ellen Steen, and Travis Cushman; for Energy
Transfer LP by William S. Scherman and Matthew X. Etchemendy; for
Law Professors by Mario A. Loyola and Richard A. Epstein; for the
NACCO Natural Resources Corp. by Charles T. Wehland and Jeffery D.
Ubersax; for NextDecade LNG, LLC, by Richard M. Loeb and Andrew D.
Silverman; and for U. S. Sen. John Barrasso et al. by Michael Busch-
bacher. Jeffrey S. Rasmussen fled a brief for the Ute Indian Tribe of
the Uintah and Ouray Reservation et al. urging vacatur.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
Colorado et al. by Philip J. Weiser, Attorney General of Colorado, Natalie
Hanlon Leh, Chief Deputy Attorney General, Shannon W. Stevenson, So-
licitor General, Kurtis T. Morrison and Scott Steinbrecher, Deputy Attor-
neys General, Carrie Noteboom, Assistant Deputy Attorney General,
Cory Haller, Assistant Solicitor General, and Brea Hinricks, Assistant
172 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Opinion of the Court

Justice Kavanaugh delivered the opinion of the Court.
Some 55 years ago, Congress passed and President Nixon
signed the National Environmental Policy Act, known as
NEPA. For certain infrastructure projects that are built,
funded, or approved by the Federal Government, NEPA re-
quires federal agencies to prepare an environmental impact
statement, or EIS. The EIS must address the signifcant
environmental effects of a proposed project and identify fea-
sible alternatives that could mitigate those effects.
NEPA was the frst of several landmark environmental
laws enacted by Congress in the 1970s. Subsequent stat-
utes included the Clean Air Amendments of 1970, the Clean
Water Act of 1972, and the Endangered Species Act of 1973,
among others.

Attorney General, by Brian Schwalb, Attorney General of the District of
Columbia, and by the Attorneys General for their respective States as
follows: William Tong of Connecticut, Kathy Jennings of Delaware,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Aaron M. Frey of Maine, Andrea Joy Campbell
of Massachusetts, Dana Nessel of Michigan, Keith Ellison of Minnesota,
Aaron D. Ford of Nevada, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey, Letitia
James of New York, Ellen Rosenblum of Oregon, Peter Neronha of Rhode
Island, Charity R. Clark of Vermont, and Robert W. Ferguson of Washing-
ton; for Colorado Communities by William S. Eubanks II, Matthew R.
Arnold, and Barbara Green; for the Constitutional Accountability Center
by Elizabeth B. Wydra and Brianne J. Gorod; for Former Council on Envi-
ronmental Quality Offcials by Sean H. Donahue, Megan M. Herzog, Keri
R. Davidson, and David T. Goldberg; for the Howard University School of
Law Civil Rights Clinic by Amit Jain; for the Institute for Policy Integ-
rity at New York University School of Law by Jason A. Schwartz; and for
30 Members of the U. S. House and Senate by Xiao Wang and Cale Jaffe.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the American Petroleum Institute
et al. by Hadassah M. Reimer, Sarah Bordelon, and Tina R. Van Bockern;
for the American Planning Association by John M. Baker and Katherine
M. Swenson; for the Anschutz Exploration Corp. by Tina R. Van Bockern
and Mark D. Gibson; for Former Senior Federal Offcials by Beth C. Neit-
zel; for the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America et al. by Donald
P. Salzman and James P. Danly; and for the Property and Environment
Research Center by Jonathan Wood.
 Cite as: (2025) 173

Opinion of the Court

Unlike those later-enacted laws, however, NEPA imposes
no substantive environmental obligations or restrictions.
NEPA is a purely procedural statute that, as relevant here,
simply requires an agency to prepare an EIS -- in essence, a
report. Importantly, NEPA does not require the agency to
weigh environmental consequences in any particular way.
Rather, an agency may weigh environmental consequences
as the agency reasonably sees ft under its governing statute
and any relevant substantive environmental laws.
Simply stated, NEPA is a procedural cross-check, not a
substantive roadblock. The goal of the law is to inform
agency decisionmaking, not to paralyze it.
In this case, the U. S. Surface Transportation Board con-
sidered a proposal by a group of seven Utah counties for
the construction and operation of an approximately 88-mile
railroad line in northeastern Utah. Under federal law, the
Board determines whether to approve construction of new
Page Proof Pending Publication
railroad lines. The railroad line here would connect Utah's
oil-rich Uinta Basin -- a rural territory roughly the size of
the State of Maryland -- to the national rail network. By
doing so, the new railroad line would facilitate the transpor-
tation of crude oil from Utah to refneries in Louisiana,
Texas, and elsewhere. And the project would bring signif-
cant economic development and jobs to the isolated Uinta
Basin by better connecting the Basin to the national
economy.
For that proposed 88-mile Utah railroad line, the Board
prepared an extraordinarily lengthy EIS, spanning more
than 3,600 pages of environmental analysis. The Board's
EIS addressed the environmental effects of the railroad line.
But the U. S. Court of Appeals for the D. C. Circuit nonethe-
less faulted the EIS for not suffciently considering the envi-
ronmental effects of projects separate from the railroad line
itself -- primarily, the environmental effects that could ensue
from (i) increased oil drilling upstream in the Uinta Basin
174 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Opinion of the Court

and (ii) increased oil refning downstream along the Gulf
Coast of Louisiana and Texas.
On that basis, the D. C. Circuit vacated the Board's EIS
and the Board's approval of the 88-mile railroad line. As a
result, construction still has not begun even though the
Board approved the project back in December 2021.
We reverse. First, the D. C. Circuit did not afford the
Board the substantial judicial deference required in NEPA
cases. Second, the D. C. Circuit ordered the Board to ad-
dress the environmental effects of projects separate in time
or place from the construction and operation of the railroad
line. But NEPA requires agencies to focus on the environ-
mental effects of the project at issue. Under NEPA, the
Board's EIS did not need to address the environmental ef-
fects of upstream oil drilling or downstream oil refning.
Rather, it needed to address only the effects of the 88-mile
railroad line. And the Board's EIS did so.

Page Proof Pending
I Publication
Under federal law, new railroad construction and opera-
tion must frst be approved by the U. S. Surface Transporta-
tion Board. 49 U. S. C.. After receiving an applica-
tion for a new railroad line, the Board issues a public notice
and initiates an agency proceeding to review the proposal;
alternatively, the Board may streamline approval through a
statutory exemption process., 10502, 10901. In
addition, for covered projects, NEPA compels the Board to
prepare an environmental impact statement, or EIS.
In 2020, the Seven County Infrastructure Coalition -- a
group of seven Utah counties -- applied to the Board for ap-
proval of an 88-mile railroad line in northeastern Utah. The
new railroad line would connect the Uinta Basin with the
interstate freight rail network -- and via that network, to re-
fneries in Louisiana, Texas, and other destinations.
The Uinta Basin contains signifcant quantities of crude
oil and other fossil fuels. The Uinta Basin Railway would
 Cite as: (2025) 175

Opinion of the Court

provide oil producers a more effcient option for transporting
oil out of the Basin to refneries. As of now, oil from the
Basin is carried by trucks that must navigate mountain
passes on narrow roads, a diffcult and slow journey in any
season.
The Board's environmental review of the Uinta Basin Rail-
way followed standard NEPA procedures. In October 2020,
the Board issued a draft EIS and invited public comment.
During the public comment period, the Board held six public
meetings and collected more than 1,900 comments. In Au-
gust 2021, the Board published its fnal EIS.
All told, the Board's fnal EIS clocked in at more than 3,600
pages. The EIS identifed and analyzed numerous "signif-
cant and adverse impacts that could occur as a result" of the
railroad line's construction and operation -- including disrup-
tions to local wetlands, land use, and recreation. App. 121;
see id., at 94 -- 105, 121 -- 126, 206 -- 347. The EIS likewise ad-
Page Proof Pending Publication
dressed several "minor impacts," such as air pollution and
big-game movement around the construction site. Id., at
126; see id., at 126 -- 134, 251 -- 259, 309 -- 325.
The EIS also noted, but did not fully analyze, the potential
effects of increased upstream oil drilling in the Uinta Basin
and increased downstream refning of crude oil carried
by the railroad. Id., at 135, 348 -- 482, 511 -- 516, 520 -- 534,
539 -- 543.
As to the environmental effects of upstream oil drilling,
the EIS explained why further analysis of those "potential
future, as yet unplanned, oil and gas development projects"
was not needed. Id., at 520. To begin with, the project at
issue was an 88-mile railroad line, not an oil well or a drilling
permit in the Uinta Basin. Moreover, the Board possesses
"no authority or control over potential future oil and gas de-
velopment" in the Basin. Id., at 522. Future projects
would be "subject to the approval processes of other federal,
state, local, and tribal agencies." Ibid. In any event, the
environmental effects of future oil and gas development in
176 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Opinion of the Court

the Basin are "speculative" and attenuated from the project
at hand. Id., at 525; see id., at 525 -- 527 ).
As for the environmental effects of downstream oil refn-
ing projects, the Board recognized that "trains originating
on the proposed rail line would transport crude oil to mar-
kets in other regions of the United States," such as Louisiana
and Texas, and that oil refning (and the associated effects
on the environment) could increase in those locations as a
result. App. 477; see id., at 477 -- 482. But the identity of
specifc destinations "would depend on the ability and will-
ingness of refneries in other markets to receive rail cars
carrying Uinta Basin crude oil and process the oil in their
refneries." Id., at 477. Moreover, the Board "would have
no role in approving or regulating the production, refning,
or use" of Uinta Basin crude oil. Id., at 540 -- 541. So the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Board did not fully evaluate the effects of additional oil re-
fning along the Gulf Coast.
In December 2021, a few months after issuing the fnal
EIS, the Board approved the construction and operation of
the Uinta Basin Railway. Recognizing that "rail construc-
tion projects are in the public interest," the Board concluded
that the new railroad line would "have substantial transpor-
tation and economic benefts," and that those benefts out-
weighed the environmental impacts identifed in the EIS.
App. to Pet. for Cert. 121a, 119a; see id., at 118a -- 121a.
In the wake of the Board's fnal approval, a Colorado
county and several environmental organizations sued by fl-
ing petitions for review in the U. S. Court of Appeals for the
D. C. Circuit.
The D. C. Circuit found "numerous NEPA violations aris-
ing from the EIS." Eagle Cty. v. Surface Transp. Bd., 82
F. 4th 1152, 1196 (2023). In the court's view, the Board
"failed" to take "the requisite `hard look' at all of the envi-
ronmental impacts of the Railway." Id., at 1175.
 Cite as: (2025) 177

Opinion of the Court

Specifcally, the Court of Appeals held that the Board im-
permissibly limited its analysis of upstream and downstream
projects. The court concluded that the environmental ef-
fects from oil drilling in the Uinta Basin and oil refning
along the Gulf Coast were " `reasonably foreseeable im-
pacts' " that the EIS should have analyzed more extensively.
Id., at 1177. The court rejected the Board's argument that
those effects would arise from other projects (upstream oil
drilling, downstream oil refning, and the like) that are sepa-
rate from the current project and regulated by other agen-
cies. Id., at 1177 -- 1180 (Sabal Trail)).
Based on the defciencies it found in the EIS, the Court of
Appeals vacated the EIS and the Board's fnal approval
order. 82 F. 4th, at 1196. The Coalition and the Uinta
Basin Railway sought review in this Court, and we granted
certiorari. (2024).

Page Proof Pending
II Publication
For certain infrastructure projects that are built, funded,
or approved by the Federal Government, NEPA requires
federal agencies to prepare an environmental impact state-
ment, or EIS, identifying signifcant environmental effects of
the projects, as well as feasible alternatives. The law en-
sures that the agency and the public are aware of the envi-
ronmental consequences of proposed projects. Properly ap-
plied, NEPA helps agencies to make better decisions and to
ensure good project management.
Importantly, however, NEPA is purely procedural. In ul-
timately deciding whether to build, fund, or approve a proj-
ect, an "agency is not constrained by NEPA from deciding
that other values outweigh the environmental costs." Rob-
ertson v. Methow Valley Citizens Council, 
(1989). Otherwise stated, NEPA "does not mandate partic-
ular results, but simply prescribes the necessary process" for
an agency's environmental review of a project. Ibid.; see
178 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Opinion of the Court

Department of Transportation v. Public Citizen, -- 757 (2004); Marsh v. Oregon Natural Resources
Council, -- 372 (1989); Baltimore Gas &
Elec. Co. v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., -- 98 (1983); Strycker's Bay Neighborhood Council,
Inc. v. Karlen, -- 228 (1980); Vermont Yankee
Nuclear Power Corp. v. Natural Resources Defense Council,
Inc., (1978); Kleppe v. Sierra Club, (1976).1
Here, the Board's EIS evaluated the environmental effects
of the proposed 88-mile railroad line in Utah's rural Uinta
Basin. But the D. C. Circuit, following Circuit precedent
applying NEPA, concluded that the EIS did not suffciently
address the reasonably foreseeable environmental impacts of
increased upstream oil drilling in the Uinta Basin, as well as
the environmental effects of increased downstream oil refn-
ing along the Gulf Coast. 82 F. 4th, at 1196.

Page
1 Proof
As it was phrased at the Pending Publication
time of the Board's EIS (before a 2023 amend-
ment to the statute, see, infra), NEPA directed federal agencies to
"include in every recommendation or report on proposals for legisla-
tion and other major Federal actions signifcantly affecting the quality
of the human environment, a detailed statement by the responsible off-
cial on -- 
"(i) the environmental impact of the proposed action,
"(ii) any adverse environmental effects which cannot be avoided
should the proposal be implemented,
"(iii) alternatives to the proposed action,
"(iv) the relationship between local short-term uses of man's environ-
ment and the maintenance and enhancement of long-term productivity,
and
"(v) any irreversible and irretrievable commitments of resources
which would be involved in the proposed action should it be
implemented.
"Prior to making any detailed statement, the responsible Federal offcial
shall consult with and obtain the comments of any Federal agency which
has jurisdiction by law or special expertise with respect to any environ-
mental impact involved." (C), 83 Stat. 853, as amended, 42
U. S. C. (C) (2018).
 Cite as: (2025) 179

Opinion of the Court

As we will explain, we disagree with the D. C. Circuit's
decision on two grounds. First, the court did not afford the
Board the substantial judicial deference required in NEPA
cases. Second, the court incorrectly interpreted NEPA to
require the Board to consider the environmental effects of
upstream and downstream projects that are separate in time
or place from the Uinta Basin Railway.

A
Since the early 1970s, federal courts have reviewed NEPA
cases. Over time, some courts have assumed an aggressive
role in policing agency compliance with NEPA. Other
courts have adopted a more restrained approach. In light
of the continuing confusion and disagreement in the Courts
of Appeals over how to handle NEPA cases, we think it im-
portant to reiterate and clarify the fundamental principles of
judicial review applicable in those cases. As we will ex-
Page Proof Pending Publication
plain, the central principle of judicial review in NEPA cases
is deference.2
As a general matter, when an agency interprets a statute,
judicial review of the agency's interpretation is de novo.
See Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, -- 392 (2024). But when an agency exercises discretion
granted by a statute, judicial review is typically conducted
2
Some have debated whether Congress and the President in 1970 actu-
ally intended or anticipated judicial review of agency compliance with
NEPA. See R. Lazarus, The National Environmental Policy Act in the
U. S. Supreme Court: A Reappraisal and a Peek Behind the Curtains, 100
Geo. L. J. 1507, 1515 (2012) (describing the history). In any event, an
early D. C. Circuit case concluded that an agency's compliance with NEPA
was judicially reviewable. See Calvert Cliffs' Coordinating Comm., Inc.
v. U. S. Atomic Energy Comm'n, 449 F. 2d 1109 (1971). And this Court's
cases have treated NEPA compliance as judicially reviewable. That said,
courts must conduct their review with signifcant deference to the agency.
When reviewing compliance with NEPA, "courts are to play only a limited
role." Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Corp. v. Natural Resources De-
fense Council, Inc., (1978).
180 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Opinion of the Court

under the Administrative Procedure Act's deferential
arbitrary-and-capricious standard. Under that standard, a
court asks not whether it agrees with the agency decision,
but rather only whether the agency action was reasonable
and reasonably explained. See Motor Vehicle Mfrs. Assn.
of United States, Inc. v. State Farm Mut. Automobile Ins.
Co., (1983); FCC v. Prometheus Radio Proj-
ect, (2021).
When a party argues that an agency action was arbitrary
and capricious due to a defciency in an EIS, the reviewing
court must account for the fact that NEPA is a purely proce-
dural statute. Under NEPA, an agency's only obligation is
to prepare an adequate report. "NEPA requires no more."
Strycker's Bay Neighborhood Council, 444 U. S., at 228.
Unlike a plethora of other federal environmental statutes
(such as the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, etc.), NEPA
imposes no substantive constraints on the agency's ultimate
Page Proof Pending Publication
decision to build, fund, or approve a proposed project. So
when reviewing an agency's EIS, "the only role for a court"
is to confrm that the agency has addressed environmental
consequences and feasible alternatives as to the relevant
project. Id., at 227; see Vermont Yankee, 435 U. S., at 551,
555. Because an EIS is only one input into an agency's deci-
sion and does not itself require any particular substantive
outcome, the adequacy of an EIS is relevant only to the ques-
tion of whether an agency's fnal decision (here, to approve
the railroad) was reasonably explained.
In short, when determining whether an agency's EIS com-
plied with NEPA, a court should afford substantial deference
to the agency.
In practice, judicial deference in NEPA cases can take sev-
eral forms. For example, NEPA says that the EIS should
be "detailed." 42 U. S. C. (C). Of course, the
meaning of "detailed" is a question of law to be decided by a
court. Loper Bright, 603 U. S., at 391 -- 392. But what de-
tails need to be included in any given EIS? For the most
 Cite as: (2025) 181

Opinion of the Court

part, that question does not turn on the meaning of "de-
tailed" -- instead, it "involves primarily issues of fact."
Marsh, 490 U. S., at 377. The agency is better equipped to
assess what facts are relevant to the agency's own decision
than a court is. As a result, "agencies determine whether
and to what extent to prepare an EIS based on the useful-
ness of any new potential information to the decisionmaking
process." Public Citizen, 541 U. S., at 767. So the question of whether a particular report is
detailed enough in a particular case itself requires the exer-
cise of agency discretion -- which should not be excessively
second-guessed by a court. Brevity should not be mistaken
for lack of detail. A relatively brief agency explanation can
be reasoned and detailed; an EIS need not meander on for
hundreds or thousands of pages. So courts should not insist
on length as a prerequisite for fnding an EIS to be detailed.3
The EIS also must identify signifcant environmental im-
pacts and feasible alternatives. But there too, an agency
Page Proof Pending Publication
exercises substantial discretion. An agency must make pre-
dictive and scientifc judgments in assessing the relevant im-
pacts (what are the likely impacts; do they rise to the level
of "signifcant"?) and alternatives (what are the potential al-
ternatives; are they really "feasible"?). As this Court has
said, "the term `alternatives' is not self-defning," and "[c]om-
mon sense" should be brought to bear. Vermont Yankee,

3
Indeed, federal law now strictly prohibits an agency's EIS from going
on endlessly. In 2023, two years after the Board issued its fnal EIS for
the Uinta Basin Railway, Congress passed and President Biden signed
an Act amending NEPA meaningfully titled the "Building United States
Infrastructure through Limited Delays and Effcient Reviews Act of
2023." Pub. L. 118 -- 5, Div. C, Tit. III, 137 Stat. 38 -- 39. Under that
BUILDER Act, an EIS "shall not exceed 150 pages" and must be com-
pleted in "2 years" or less. Id., at 41 -- 42 (42 U. S. C. (1)(A),
(g)(1)(A)). That Act strongly reinforces the basic principles that NEPA,
correctly interpreted, already embodied but that have been too often over-
looked. The analysis in this opinion thus applies to NEPA as amended
by the BUILDER Act.
182 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Opinion of the Court

435 U. S., at 551. Black-letter administrative law instructs
that when an agency makes those kinds of speculative as-
sessments or predictive or scientifc judgments, and decides
what qualifes as signifcant or feasible or the like, a review-
ing court must be at its "most deferential." Baltimore
Gas & Elec., 462 U. S., at 103; see Marsh, 490 U. S., at 378;
State Farm, 463 U. S., at 43.
In preparing an EIS, an agency also must determine the
scope of the environmental effects that it will address. The
textual focus of NEPA is the "proposed action" -- that is, the
project at hand. 42 U. S. C. (C) (2018). The agency
therefore will obviously seek to assess signifcant effects
from the project at issue. But how far will the agency go in
considering the indirect effects that might occur outside the
area of the immediate project -- for example, due to emissions
or run off from the project carried elsewhere by air or water?
And will the agency evaluate the environmental effects from
Page Proof Pending Publication
other future or geographically separate projects that may be
initiated (or expanded) as a result of or in the wake of the
current project? And what if another agency also possesses
regulatory authority over a related project?
In analyzing those scope questions, it is critical to disag-
gregate the agency's role from the court's role. So long as
the EIS addresses environmental effects from the project at
issue, courts should defer to agencies' decisions about where
to draw the line -- including (i) how far to go in considering
indirect environmental effects from the project at hand and
(ii) whether to analyze environmental effects from other
projects separate in time or place from the project at hand.
On those kinds of questions, as this Court has often said,
agencies possess discretion and must have broad latitude to
draw a " `manageable line.' " Public Citizen, 541 U. S., at
767 ).
To tie all of this together: When assessing signifcant envi-
ronmental effects and feasible alternatives for purposes of
 Cite as: (2025) 183

Opinion of the Court

NEPA, an agency will invariably make a series of fact-
dependent, context-specifc, and policy-laden choices about
the depth and breadth of its inquiry -- and also about the
length, content, and level of detail of the resulting EIS.
Courts should afford substantial deference and should not
micromanage those agency choices so long as they fall within
a broad zone of reasonableness. As the Court has empha-
sized on several occasions, and we doubly underscore again
today, "inherent in NEPA... is a `rule of reason,' which
ensures that agencies determine whether and to what extent
to prepare an EIS based on the usefulness of any new poten-
tial information to the decisionmaking process." Public
Citizen, 541 U. S., at 767. A reviewing court may not "sub-
stitute its judgment for that of the agency as to the environ-
mental consequences of its actions." Kleppe, 427 U. S., at
410,.
Some courts have strayed and not applied NEPA with the
Page Proof Pending Publication
level of deference demanded by the statutory text and this
Court's cases. Those decisions have instead engaged in
overly intrusive (and unpredictable) review in NEPA cases.
Those rulings have slowed down or blocked many projects
and, in turn, caused litigation-averse agencies to take ever
more time and to prepare ever longer EISs for future
projects.
The upshot: NEPA has transformed from a modest proce-
dural requirement into a blunt and haphazard tool employed
by project opponents (who may not always be entirely moti-
vated by concern for the environment) to try to stop or at
least slow down new infrastructure and construction proj-
ects. Some project opponents have invoked NEPA and
sought to enlist the courts in blocking or delaying even those
projects that otherwise comply with all relevant substantive
environmental laws. Indeed, certain project opponents
have relied on NEPA to fght even clean-energy projects -- 
from wind farms to hydroelectric dams, from solar farms to
geothermal wells. See, e. g., Brief for Chamber of Com-
184 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Opinion of the Court

merce of the United States of America, et al. as Amici Cu-
riae 19 -- 20.
All of that has led to more agency analysis of separate
projects, more consideration of attenuated effects, more ex-
ploration of alternatives to proposed agency action, more
speculation and consultation and estimation and litigation.
Delay upon delay, so much so that the process sometimes
seems to "borde[r] on the Kafkaesque." Vermont Yankee,
435 U. S., at 557. Fewer projects make it to the fnish line.
Indeed, fewer projects make it to the starting line. Those
that survive often end up costing much more than is antici-
pated or necessary, both for the agency preparing the EIS
and for the builder of the project. And that in turn means
fewer and more expensive railroads, airports, wind turbines,
transmission lines, dams, housing developments, highways,
bridges, subways, stadiums, arenas, data centers, and the
like. And that also means fewer jobs, as new projects be-
Page Proof Pending Publication
come diffcult to fnance and build in a timely fashion.
A 1970 legislative acorn has grown over the years into
a judicial oak that has hindered infrastructure development
"under the guise" of just a little more process. Id., at 558.
A course correction of sorts is appropriate to bring judicial
review under NEPA back in line with the statutory text and
common sense. Id., at 525. Congress did not design NEPA
for judges to hamstring new infrastructure and construction
projects. On the contrary, as this Court has stressed, courts
should and "must defer to `the informed discretion of the
responsible federal agencies.' " Marsh, 490 U. S., at 377.
Critically, as the Government and the Coalition explained
at oral argument, courts not only must defer to the agency's
reasonable choices regarding the scope and contents of the
EIS, but also must keep in mind that review of an agency's
EIS is not the same thing as review of the agency's fnal
decision concerning the project. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 31 -- 32,
70 -- 71. That, too, follows from NEPA's status as a purely
procedural statute. The ultimate question is not whether
 Cite as: (2025) 185

Opinion of the Court

an EIS in and of itself is inadequate, but whether the
agency's fnal decision was reasonable and reasonably ex-
plained. Review of an EIS is only one component of that
analysis. Even if an EIS falls short in some respects, that
defciency may not necessarily require a court to vacate the
agency's ultimate approval of a project, at least absent rea-
son to believe that the agency might disapprove the project
if it added more to the EIS. Cf. 5 U. S. C.. For exam-
ple, in a case like this one, even if the EIS drew the line on
the effects of separate upstream or downstream projects too
narrowly, that mistake would not necessarily require a court
to vacate the agency's approval of the railroad project. Cf.
Vermont Yankee, 435 U. S., at 558.4
In other words, as this Court has said before, NEPA does
not authorize a court to " `interject itself within the area of
discretion... as to the choice of the action to be taken' " by
the agency. Strycker's Bay Neighborhood Council, 444
Page Proof Pending Publication
U. S., at 227 -- 228.
NEPA's procedural mandate helps "to insure a fully in-
formed and well-considered decision, not necessarily a deci-
sion the judges of the Court of Appeals or of this Court would
have reached had they been members of the decisionmaking
unit of the agency." Vermont Yankee, 435 U. S., at 558.
The "role of a court in reviewing the suffciency of an
agency's consideration of environmental factors is a limited
one." Id., at 555. The bedrock principle of judicial review
in NEPA cases can be stated in a word: Deference.

4
When, unlike this case, an agency denies approval of a project, the
denied applicant may ordinarily challenge the denial under the APA or
the relevant agency's governing statute. The denied applicant may argue,
among other things, that the agency acted unreasonably in denying ap-
proval by weighing environmental consequences too heavily in light of the
agency's governing statute and other relevant factors, or perhaps that the
agency erred because the governing statute did not allow the agency to
weigh environmental consequences at all. NEPA does not alter those
judicial inquiries.
186 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Opinion of the Court

B
Even apart from failing to afford suffcient deference to
the Surface Transportation Board, the D. C. Circuit's deci-
sion was mistaken on the merits under NEPA. The D. C.
Circuit erroneously required the Board to address environ-
mental effects from projects that are separate in time or
place from the 88-mile railroad project at hand -- that is, ef-
fects from potential future projects or from geographically
separate projects. Moreover, those separate projects fall
outside the Board's authority and would be initiated, if at all,
by third parties.
In its EIS, the Board determined that upstream oil drilling
in the Uinta Basin and downstream oil refning along the
Gulf Coast were separate from the construction and opera-
tion of the 88-mile railroad line. The Board's EIS explained
that the "proposed rail line and any future oil and gas devel-
opment projects are not two phases of a single action," but
Page Proof Pending Publication
"separate, independent projects." App. 523. Those other
projects, the Board reasoned, should not be considered "part
of the proposed action assessed in the EIS." Ibid. The
Board concluded that its EIS need not evaluate the possible
environmental effects from separate upstream or down-
stream projects.5
The Board's approach complied with NEPA and this
Court's longstanding NEPA precedents. Importantly, the
textually mandated focus of NEPA is the "proposed ac-
5
Even though not mandated by NEPA to do so, the Board did identify
some of the potential effects and marginal risks from projects separate
from the 88 miles of additional railroad track in rural Utah. See, e. g.,
App. 354 -- 358 (forecasting the number of oil wells that could be added in
the Uinta Basin as a result of increased production spurred by the new
railway); id., at 420 -- 423, 539 -- 542 (evaluating effects from increased oil
refning along the Gulf Coast). The Board should not necessarily earn
bonus points for studying more than NEPA demanded. But it should
defnitely not receive a failing grade just because its 3,600-page EIS was
less thorough in analyzing the effects from other projects than the Court
of Appeals might have preferred.
 Cite as: (2025) 187

Opinion of the Court

tion" -- that is, the project at hand -- not other future or geo-
graphically separate projects that may be built (or expanded)
as a result of or in the wake of the immediate project under
consideration. 42 U. S. C. (C) (2018); see Aber-
deen & Rockfsh R. Co. v. Students Challenging Regulatory
Agency Procedures (SCRAP), -- 324 (1975);
Kleppe, 427 U. S., at 398 -- 402. Therefore, when the effects
of an agency action arise from a separate project -- for exam-
ple, a possible future project or one that is geographically
distinct from the project at hand -- NEPA does not require
the agency to evaluate the effects of that separate project.
To be clear, the environmental effects of the project at
issue may fall within NEPA even if those effects might
extend outside the geographical territory of the project or
might materialize later in time -- for example, run-off into a
river that fows many miles from the project and affects fsh
populations elsewhere, or emissions that travel downwind
Page Proof Pending Publication
and predictably pollute other areas. Those so-called indi-
rect effects can sometimes fall within NEPA, as the Govern-
ment explained at oral argument. See Tr. of Oral Arg.
59 -- 63.
But if the project at issue might lead to the construction or
increased use of a separate project -- for example, a housing
development that might someday be built near a highway -- 
the agency need not consider the environmental effects of
that separate project. To put it in legal terms, the separate
project breaks the chain of proximate causation between the
project at hand and the environmental effects of the separate
project. See Public Citizen, 541 U. S., at 767. The effects from
a separate project may be factually foreseeable, but that
does not mean that those effects are relevant to the agency's
decisionmaking process or that it is reasonable to hold the
agency responsible for those effects. Cf. Public Citizen, 541
U. S., at 766 -- 767. In those circumstances, "the causal chain
is too attenuated." Metropolitan Edison, 460 U. S., at 774.
188 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Opinion of the Court

In other words, there is no " `reasonably close causal relation-
ship' " between the project at hand and the environmental
effects of those other projects. Public Citizen, 541 U. S., at
767.
Moreover, and importantly, the Board here possesses no
regulatory authority over those separate projects. The
Board does not regulate oil drilling, oil wells, oil and gas
leases, or oil refneries. The Board approves railroad lines.
See 49 U. S. C., 10901. Other agencies possess au-
thority to regulate those separate projects and their environ-
mental effects. As this Court stated in one of the more im-
portant sentences in the NEPA canon, "where an agency has
no ability to prevent a certain effect due to its limited statu-
tory authority over the relevant actions, the agency cannot
be considered a legally relevant `cause' of the effect." Pub-
lic Citizen, 541 U. S., at 770. In other words, agencies are
not required to analyze the effects of projects over which
Page Proof Pending Publication
they do not exercise regulatory authority. For that reason
as well, there is no " `reasonably close causal relationship' "
between the 88-mile railroad project at hand and the envi-
ronmental effects of the separate oil drilling and oil refning
projects. Id., at 767 ; see also Robertson, 490 U. S., at 350 -- 353; Ver-
mont Yankee, 435 U. S., at 550 -- 551, 558.
To be sure, NEPA mandates that an agency "consult with"
other agencies as appropriate. 42 U. S. C. (C). But
there is a vast difference between, for example, an agency's
consulting with the Forest Service to determine the effects
of a railroad line that would pass through a national forest
and an agency's asking another agency to assess how 88
miles of additional track in rural Utah would contribute to
emissions or climate change along the Gulf Coast. Indeed,
"no rule of reason worthy of that title would require an
agency to prepare an EIS" addressing effects from another
project that is separate in time or place from the project
at hand -- particularly when it would require the agency to
 Cite as: (2025) 189

Opinion of the Court

speculate about the effects of a separate project that is out-
side its regulatory jurisdiction. Public Citizen, 541 U. S., at
767 -- 768.
In this case, the Uinta Basin Railway was the relevant
project. NEPA therefore required the Board to consider
the environmental effects of that 88-mile railroad line's con-
struction and operation. To the extent that the new 88-mile
railroad line could disrupt the habitat of protected species,
or the new rail embankments could cause soil erosion into
local bodies of water, or trains on the new line could pollute
the air, NEPA dictated that the Board evaluate those effects.
And consistent with NEPA, the Board here did comprehen-
sively evaluate those effects, including via consultation with
other agencies. As the D. C. Circuit itself recognized, the
Board explained that "construction and operation of the Rail-
way" would affect "water resources, air quality, [and] special
status species like the greater sage-grouse." 82 F. 4th, at
Page Proof Pending Publication
1168. But nothing in NEPA required the Board to go fur-
ther and study environmental impacts from upstream or
downstream projects separate in time or place from the 88-
mile railroad line's construction and operation.
Under NEPA, it also bears emphasis, a mere " `but for'
causal relationship is insuffcient to make an agency responsi-
ble for a particular effect." Public Citizen, 541 U. S., at 767.
Likewise, the fact that other projects might foreseeably be
built or expanded in the wake of the current project does
not, by itself, make the agency responsible for addressing the
environmental effects of those other projects. The agency
may draw what it reasonably concludes is a " `manageable
line' " -- one that encompasses the effects of the project at
hand, but not the effects of projects separate in time or place.
Ibid..
True, a new airport may someday lead to a new stretch of
highway; a new pipeline to a new power plant; a new housing
development to a new subway stop. But the environmental
effects of the project at hand constitute NEPA's textual
190 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Opinion of the Court

focus. An agency need not assess the environmental effects
of other separate projects simply because those projects (and
effects) might not materialize but for the project at hand, or
are in some sense foreseeable.
Simply stated, a court may not invoke but-for causation or
mere foreseeability to order agency analysis of the effects of
every project that might somehow or someday follow from
the current project. See Public Citizen, 541 U. S., at 767 -- 
768; Metropolitan Edison, 460 U. S., at 774 -- 775. NEPA
calls for the agency to focus on the environmental effects of
the project itself, not on the potential environmental effects
of future or geographically separate projects. A relatively
modest infrastructure project should not be turned into a
scapegoat for everything that ensues from upstream oil drill-
ing to downstream refnery emissions. As Justice Rehn-
quist underscored in Vermont Yankee, NEPA is not a "game"
where project objectors can engage in "unjustifed obstruc-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tionism" -- here, for example, by raising a slew of remote ef-
fects that they think " `ought to be' considered." 435 U. S.,
at 553 -- 554.
To be sure, in certain circumstances, other projects may
be interrelated and close in time and place to the project at
hand -- a residential development next door to and built at
the same time as a ski resort, for example. See, e. g., Rob-
ertson, 490 U. S., at 338 -- 340. The question then is whether
that is a single project within the authority of the agency in
question. There may be a gray area in defning the project
at hand. Even in those circumstances, however, a court's
review still must remain deferential, as we explained in Part
II -- A above. In other words, even if the reviewing court in
such a case might think that NEPA would support drawing
a different line, a court should defer to an agency so long
as the agency drew a reasonable and " `manageable line.' "
Public Citizen, 541 U. S., at 767. All of that is to again underscore
that a difference may exist between what an agency should
 Cite as: (2025) 191

Opinion of the Court

do as a matter of good policy and best practices under
NEPA, and what a reviewing court may subsequently order
an agency to do under NEPA.
In this case, in any event, the NEPA question is not close.
The Board did not need to evaluate potential environmental
impacts of the separate upstream and downstream projects.
As to other projects upstream, the EIS rightly explained
that the environmental consequences of future oil drilling in
the Basin are distinct from construction and operation of the
railroad line. App. 525 -- 527. As for other projects down-
stream, the Board likewise correctly explained that any envi-
ronmental effects from highly regulated oil refneries along
the Gulf Coast are well outside the scope of the 88-mile rail-
road project in rural Utah. Id., at 420 -- 423, 539 -- 542.6
An agency may decline to evaluate environmental effects
from separate projects upstream or downstream from the
project at issue. Public Citizen, 541 U. S., at 770. Here,
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Board's EIS concluded that the "proposed rail line and
any future oil and gas development projects are not two
phases of a single action," but "separate, independent proj-
ects." App. 523. So the Board concluded that they need
not be considered "part of the proposed action assessed in
the EIS." Ibid. Absolutely correct.

6
In addition, inherent in Board approval of railroad lines is the under-
standing that any new freight railroad may transport different kinds of
cargo over an approved line -- from corn to cars to coal and the like. See
Brief for Association of American Railroads as Amicus Curiae 2, 8 -- 9. As
common carriers, railroads subject to the Board's jurisdiction are required
to provide "transportation or service on reasonable request" to any person
or commodity. 49 U. S. C., 10102(9). Railroad lines approved
by the Board cannot decline to provide "common carrier" transport based
on the product or commodity to be carried.. For that addi-
tional reason, the EIS here correctly explained that the Board was "not
required to analyze impacts related to the destinations or end uses of any
such products or commodities" transported by the 88-mile railroad line,
including Uinta Basin crude oil. App. 422; see Department of Transpor-
tation v. Public Citizen, -- 770 (2004).
192 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

* * *
In deciding cases involving the American economy, courts
should strive, where possible, for clarity and predictability.
Some courts' NEPA decisions have fallen short of that objec-
tive. The proper judicial approach for NEPA cases is
straightforward: Courts should review an agency's EIS to
check that it addresses the environmental effects of the proj-
ect at hand. The EIS need not address the effects of sepa-
rate projects. In conducting that review, courts should af-
ford substantial deference to the agency as to the scope and
contents of the EIS.
Plaintiffs' policy objections to this 88-mile Utah railroad
may or may not be persuasive. But neither "the language
nor the history of NEPA suggests that it was intended to
give citizens a general opportunity to air their policy objec-
tions to proposed federal actions. The political process, and
not NEPA, provides the appropriate forum in which to air
Page Proof Pending Publication
policy disagreements." Metropolitan Edison, 460 U. S., at
777. Citizens may not enlist the federal courts, "under the
guise of judicial review" of agency compliance with NEPA,
to delay or block agency projects based on the environmental
effects of other projects separate from the project at hand.
Vermont Yankee, 435 U. S., at 558.
We reverse the judgment of the Court of Appeals and re-
mand the case for further proceedings consistent with this
opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Gorsuch took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.

Justice Sotomayor, with whom Justice Kagan and
Justice Jackson join, concurring in the judgment.
The National Environmental Policy Act improves agency
decisionmaking by requiring agencies to consider environ-
mental impacts for which their decisions would be responsi-
 Cite as: (2025) 193

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

ble. I agree with the Court that the Surface Transportation
Board would not be responsible for the harms caused by the
oil industry, even though the railway it approved would de-
liver oil to refneries and spur drilling in the Uinta Basin. I
reach that conclusion because, under its organic statute, the
Board had no authority to reject petitioners' application on
account of the harms third parties would cause with products
transported on the proposed railway. The majority takes a
different path, unnecessarily grounding its analysis largely
in matters of policy. Accordingly, I write separately to ex-
plain why the result in this case follows inexorably from
our precedent.
I
A
The Uinta Basin spans thousands of square miles across
northwestern Utah and Colorado. Bookended by the Uinta
Mountains in the north and the Roan Cliffs in the south, the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Basin is hard to access and has few residents. The Basin,
however, contains " `extensive deposits of valuable miner-
als,' " including large reserves of "waxy crude," a form of
petroleum known for its thick consistency at ambient tem-
peratures. 82 F. 4th 1152, 1165 -- 1166 (CADC 2023). For
over a decade, oil producers have transported this oil out of
the Basin in heated tanker trucks, to be sold to refneries in
Utah and beyond.
Petitioners, the Seven County Infrastructure Coalition
and the Uinta Basin Railway, LLC, plan to build a railway
connecting the Uinta Basin with the Union Pacifc Railroad
Company station in Kyune, Utah, and from there to the na-
tional rail network. As the Coalition recognizes, "the Rail-
way's predominant and expected primary purpose would be"
to enable Basin oil producers to transport, with greater ease
and in greater quantities, waxy crude to refneries in the
Gulf Coast. Ibid. Nearly all the waxy crude transported
by train out of the Uinta Basin would continue its travels
194 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

over the Union Pacifc track from Kyune to Denver, which
runs through Eagle County, Colorado, and closely abuts the
Colorado River.
B
No person may "construct an additional railroad line" or
"provide transportation over... an extended or additional
railroad line" without a certifcate of approval from the Sur-
face Transportation Board. 49 U. S. C.. Appli-
cants can fle a formal application for such a certifcate, or they can seek approval through an abbreviated
exemption process,. In either case, the Act ex-
presses a clear presumption in favor of approving railways.
See ibid. (exemptions must be granted "to the maximum ex-
tent" consistent with law); (the Board "shall" issue
a certifcate "unless" inconsistent with public convenience
and necessity).
In May 2020, petitioners requested permission to build the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Railway by way of the exemption procedure. Because the
proposed railway constitutes a "major Federal actio[n] sig-
nifcantly affecting" the environment, the National Environ-
mental Policy Act (NEPA) required the Board to prepare a
"detailed" statement addressing its environmental impacts.
42 U. S. C.. The Board conditionally approved
petitioners' request based on the Railway's "transportation
merits," but it deferred a fnal decision pending the results
of its environmental review. Surface Transportation Board,
Offce of Environmental Analysis, Uinta Basin Railway Final
Environmental Impact Statement S -- 2, (Aug. 2021)
(Final EIS).
After soliciting public comment, the Board completed its
environmental impact statement on August 6, 2021.1 App.
1
The fnal statement consisted of a 600-page report accompanied by
supporting appendixes and responses to the public comments. See www.
uintabasinrailwayeis.com (Board-created website containing the complete
EIS and all related documentation); cf. ante, at 173, 175, 186, (assert-
ing that the EIS spanned more than 3,600 pages of analysis).
 Cite as: (2025) 195

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

to Pet. for Cert. 76a. The statement recognized that "be-
tween 3.68 and 10.52 trains" would travel daily on the pro-
posed new railway, which would be used "primarily to trans-
port crude oil from the Basin to markets across the United
States." Final EIS 1 -- 4. Consistent with its obligations
under NEPA, the Board discussed the comparative environ-
mental merits of alternative railway routes as well as the
environmental consequences common to all alternatives.
Among other things, the Board analyzed the Railway's likely
impact on the Basin's natural environment and the impacts
increased freight traffc from the Railway would have on the
existing Union Pacifc line running through Eagle County.
Of particular relevance here, the Board recognized that
"[r]efners would refne the crude oil transported by the pro-
posed rail line into various fuels," which in turn would be
combusted, causing an increase in greenhouse-gas emissions.
Id., at 3.15 -- 35. Depending on market conditions, the Board
estimated that increased oil production made possible by the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Railway would cause greenhouse-gas emissions equivalent to
between 0.04 and 0.1 percent of the global total. Id., at
3.15 -- 36. (By way of comparison, Sweden and Ireland are
each responsible for about 0.1 percent of global emissions.2)
Although the Board recognized the "massive deleterious im-
pacts" of climate change, it explained that it was "not re-
quired to analyze impacts related to the destinations or end
uses of " products transported on proposed rail lines. Ibid.
After all, the Board explained, "railroads have a common car-
rier obligation to carry all commodities, including hazardous
materials, upon reasonable request," meaning the Board can-
not control the products "transported on the proposed rail
line." Ibid. ). For that reason, the
Board did not consider in further detail the effects of in-
2
See European Commission, Emissions Database for Global Atmo-
spheric Research Report 2024 (last accessed May 7, 2025), https://edgar.
jrc.ec.europa.eu/report_2024#emissions_table.
196 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

creased drilling for oil in the Basin, or increased refning of
oil in the Gulf Coast.
After completing this analysis, the Board issued a decision
approving the railway. With respect to the anticipated in-
crease in oil production, the Board again concluded that it
had "no authority or jurisdiction over development of oil and
gas in the Basin nor any authority to control or mitigate the
impacts of any such development." App. to Pet. for Cert.
108a. Board member Oberman dissented. In his view, the
Board did have "the power to deny construction approval
based on weighing all of the environmental impacts that will
arise from oil and gas development in the Basin," particu-
larly because the Railway's " `entire purpose' " would be to
stimulate such production. Id., at 124a.

C
Several environmental groups fled a petition for review of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Board's decision to approve the railway, arguing princi-
pally that the Board should have further considered the con-
sequences of increased oil drilling and refning that the Rail-
way's construction would enable. Eagle County separately
petitioned for review of the Board's decision, alleging that
the Board's environmental analysis was defcient because it
ignored or underestimated the Railway's impacts, through
increased rail traffc, on the County and the nearby Colorado
River. Petitioners intervened in support of the Board's
decision.
The D. C. Circuit rejected several claims no longer at issue
here, but it sided with the challengers on others. With re-
gard to the environmental respondents' challenge, the court
held that the Board should have more carefully considered
the deleterious environmental effects of increased oil produc-
tion made possible by the Railway's construction. 82 F. 4th,
at 1180. Among other things, the court explained, the
Board should have "estimate[d] the emissions or other envi-
ronmental impacts" of oil refning as localized for the "spe-
 Cite as: (2025) 197

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

cifc regions that will receive the oil based on expected train
traffc." Id., at 1179. The court rejected the Board's argu-
ment "that it lacks authority to prevent, control, or mitigate
those developments." Id., at 1180. Instead, in the D. C.
Circuit's view, the Board's statutory obligation to consider
whether the Railway would serve the " `public convenience
and necessity' " encompassed "reasonably foreseeable envi-
ronmental harms," including those resulting from the in-
crease in oil production on the Gulf Coast. Ibid.
Moving to the County's claims, the D. C. Circuit agreed
the Board's analysis of the Railway's effect on the Union Pa-
cifc track and the Colorado River contained serious, unex-
plained errors and omissions. The court further concluded
that the Board had failed to comply with several other statu-
tory requirements unrelated to NEPA. Accordingly, the
D. C. Circuit vacated the Board's decision and remanded it
to the agency for further proceedings.
Petitioners asked this Court to review only one part of the
Page Proof Pending Publication
D. C. Circuit's decision: whether NEPA required the Board
to study the environmental impacts of oil wells and refneries
that lie outside the Board's regulatory authority. Pet. for
Cert. i. This Court granted review to decide that question.

II
A
NEPA requires agencies to prepare and publish a "de-
tailed statement" reviewing the environmental impact of
any major federal action. 42 U. S. C.. That "action-
forcing" requirement serves dual purposes, ensuring both
that an agency considers a project's environmental conse-
quences before deciding whether to approve it, and render-
ing the agency publicly accountable for environmental harms
it decides to tolerate. See Robertson v. Methow Valley Citi-
zens Council, -- 350 (1989). The point, as
this Court has recognized, is not merely that an agency
produce a report but "that environmental concerns be inte-
198 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

grated into the very process of agency decision-making."
Andrus v. Sierra Club, (1979); see also
Kleppe v. Sierra Club, -- 410 (1976); Robert-
son, 490 U. S., at 350. In that way, NEPA's procedural re-
quirements advance Congress's aim that the Federal Govern-
ment "use all practicable means [to ensure] that the Nation
may... fulfll the responsibilities of each generation as trustee
of the environment for succeeding generations." (1).
Because NEPA's central aim is to improve agency deci-
sionmaking, an agency need not consider every conceivable
environmental consequence of a proposed federal action.
Rather, agencies need only analyze environmental impacts
for which their decision would be (at least in part) "responsi-
ble," a requirement akin to "the familiar doctrine of proxi-
mate cause from tort law." Metropolitan Edison Co. v. Peo-
ple Against Nuclear Energy, and 
(1983). An agency is not responsible for environmental im-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pacts it could not lawfully have acted to avoid, either through
mitigation or by disapproving the federal action. See De-
partment of Transportation v. Public Citizen, (2004). Nor is an agency responsible for impacts that,
though technically avoidable, are so causally attenuated from
or ancillary to the agency's statutorily assigned tasks that it
could not reasonably have been expected to consider them
as part of its decisionmaking process. Metropolitan Edi-
son, 460 U. S., at 774. Together these limitations serve to
keep the scope of the agency's review targeted to environ-
mental impacts it is well positioned to address.
Precedent makes these abstract principles concrete. In
Public Citizen, this Court evaluated the Federal Motor Car-
rier Safety Administration's environmental analysis of regu-
lations establishing an application process for Mexican motor
carriers who wanted to operate in the United States. 541
U. S., at 758 -- 763. The application system itself had only
minimal environmental impacts (related to anticipated road-
side inspections of the Mexican trucks and buses). Yet the
 Cite as: (2025) 199

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

agency developed it at the direction of the President, who
had decided to lift a long-running moratorium on Mexican
carriers' operation in the United States following the sys-
tem's completion. Id., at 760. Thus, promulgation of the
agency's regulations would enable a substantial infux of new
trucking, which in turn would have major environmental
implications.
This Court concluded that, though the agency's regulations
would be a "but-for" cause of the new trucking, it did not
need to consider the related environmental impacts because
it had "no authority to prevent" them. Id., at 766 -- 767.
After all, the decision to lift the moratorium had been the
President's, not the agency's, and the agency could not law-
fully refuse to issue its regulations in order to block the
President's decision. Id., at 761. The agency had no means
to prevent, and thus was not responsible for, the conse-
quences of lifting the moratorium. Hence NEPA did not re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
quire it to analyze those consequences.
The Court's decision in Metropolitan Edison illustrates
the companion principle: Some environmental impacts are
connected to an agency action by way of so "attenuated" a
causal chain that the agency may reasonably dismiss them as
ancillary to its decision. 460 U. S., at 774. In Metropolitan
Edison, the Court considered whether the Nuclear Regula-
tory Commission had to analyze not only the risk that a pro-
posed nuclear plant would cause an accident, but also the
psychological concern nearby residents might experience
when they learned about that risk. Ibid. Although the
psychological concern would be "caused by" the nuclear
plant, the Court held that NEPA did not require the agency
to consider it. Id., at 774 -- 775. That makes sense: Prevent-
ing nuclear accidents is a core element of the Commission's
statutory task; preventing psychological distress is not. See
id., at 776 (noting that "psychiatric expertise" is "not other-
wise relevant to [the agency's] congressionally assigned func-
tions"). Because the agency could reasonably disregard
200 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

psychological distress in deciding whether to approve a
power plant, it could disregard that risk in its environmental
analysis as well.
As these cases show, the dual limitations on an agency's
duty to consider information under NEPA yield a " `rule of
reason,' which ensures that agencies determine whether and
to what extent to prepare an EIS based on the usefulness of
any new potential information to the decisionmaking proc-
ess." Public Citizen, 541 U. S., at 767 ). NEPA requires consideration of environmental im-
pacts only if such consideration would result in information
on which the agency could act.

B
Consistent with these principles, judicial review of an
agency's environmental impact statement involves a two-
Page Proof Pending Publication
step analysis. First, courts must consider the grounds on
which an agency may rely under its organic statute to modify
(by mitigation) or reject a proposed federal action. If the
organic statute precludes consideration of a particular issue,
the agency may set it aside for purposes of its NEPA review
as well. That is the rule of Public Citizen.3
Second, if an agency decided not to review an environmen-
tal impact because (in its judgment) the impact was too caus-
ally attenuated from the question at hand, courts must ask
whether the agency "acted arbitrarily" in doing so. Kleppe,
427 U. S., at 412. That deferential standard of review is ap-
propriate here, as it is across substantive areas of adminis-
trative law, because "[a]gencies... have `unique expertise,'
often of a scientifc or technical nature, relevant to applying
3
It follows from this rule that the proper scope of an agency's NEPA
review depends in part on the nature of the agency's statutory authority.
The greater an agency's authority to consider and prevent environmental
impacts in its decisionmaking process, the greater its duty under NEPA
to consider those impacts, and vice versa.
 Cite as: (2025) 201

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

a regulation `to complex or changing circumstances.' "
Kisor v. Wilkie, (2019) (plurality opinion).
Thus, as the majority points out, agencies often are "better
equipped to assess what facts are relevant to the[ir]... own
decision than a court is." Ante, at 181; cf. Loper Bright En-
terprises v. Raimondo, (2024) (Kagan, J.,
dissenting) ("[A]gencies often know things about a statute's
subject matter that courts could not hope to").4
This case provides no occasion to consider the second step
because the question presented is resolved at the frst. The
Board twice decided it lacked authority to reject railway ap-
plications on account of the ways in which third parties
would use the products "transported on the proposed rail
line." Final EIS 3.15 -- 36; App. to Pet. for Cert. 108a ("Here,
the Board has no authority or jurisdiction over development
of oil and gas in the Basin nor any authority to control or
mitigate the impacts of any such development"). Each time,
the agency cited Public Citizen to justify its decision not to
Page Proof Pending Publication
analyze further the environmental effects of oil drilling and
refning made possible by the Railway. See Final EIS 3.15 -- 
36; App. to Pet. for Cert. 108a.
Review of the Board's organic statute, the Interstate Com-
merce Commission Termination Act of 1995, confrms the
Board's understanding of the scope of its review. "As com-
mon carriers, railroads subject to the Board's jurisdiction are
required to provide `transportation or service on reasonable
request' to any person or commodity." Ante, at 191, 
). In addition, the Act contains
a clear presumption in favor of approving new railways. See
supra, at 194. And of the 15 statutory policies the Board
must consider in the exemption process, not one concerns the
anticipated use of commodities that will be transported on the
proposed railway. See -- (15). Unlike the Board,
meanwhile, other entities do have authority "to approve oil
4
Of course, that point applies equally when an agency decides that an
environmental impact is relevant to its decision.
202 SEVEN COUNTY INFRASTRUCTURE COALITION v.
EAGLE COUNTY
Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

and gas development projects" and to regulate the effects of
refning. See Brief for Federal Respondents 19. All this
suggests, as the Board concluded, that the Board could not
have rejected petitioners' application in order to prevent the
harmful effects of oil drilling and refning.5 Short of reject-
ing the Railway entirely, moreover, the common carrier man-
date prevented the Board from mitigating, by limiting the
transport of crude oil, the Railway's spurring of the oil indus-
try. See.
The environmental respondents concede that the Board
correctly understood the scope of its decisionmaking author-
ity. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 84 -- 85. Instead, they argue that
the Board should have analyzed even environmental impacts
it could not lawfully prevent. Yet Public Citizen squarely
forecloses that position. See supra, at 201. Even a fore-
seeable environmental effect is outside of NEPA's scope if
the agency could not lawfully decide to modify or reject the
proposed action on account of it. NEPA thus did not re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
quire the Board to consider the effects of oil drilling and
refning.
* * *
Under NEPA, agencies must consider the environmental
impacts for which their decisions would be responsible.
Here, the Board correctly determined it would not be re-
sponsible for the consequences of oil production upstream or
downstream from the Railway because it could not lawfully

5
The D. C. Circuit came to the opposite conclusion because it viewed
the Board's authority to license railroad construction based on the " `public
convenience and necessity' " as encompassing the effects of oil drilling and
refning enabled by the Railway. 82 F. 4th 1152, 1180 (2023). That
phrase, however, must be read "with a view to [its] place in the overall
statutory scheme." Davis v. Michigan Dept. of Treasury, (1989). Here, the Board's organic statute contains clear indicators,
most signifcantly the common carrier mandate, that the Board's authority
does not extend so far.
 Cite as: (2025) 203

Sotomayor, J., concurring in judgment

consider those consequences as part of the approval process.
For that reason, I concur in the Court's judgment reversing
the D. C. Circuit's holding requiring the Board to consider in
further detail harms caused by the oil industry.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 185, line 7 from bottom: "of " is inserted before "this"
p. 198, line 1: "agency" is inserted before "decision-making"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 2
Pages 665 -- 713

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 18, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 665

Syllabus

NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION et al. v.
TEXAS et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fth circuit
No. 23 -- 1300. Argued March 5, 2025 -- Decided June 18, 2025*
The Atomic Energy Act of 1954 generally prohibits the private possession
of nuclear materials, including spent nuclear fuel, without a license.
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission may license the possession of nu-
clear materials, subject to statutory and procedural requirements. 42
U. S. C., 2092 -- 2093(a), 2111(a), 2231, 2239. Here, Interim
Storage Partners (ISP) applied for a license to build a facility in West
Texas to store spent nuclear fuel. During ISP's licensing proceeding, a
Texas government agency submitted comments, including comments on
a draft environmental impact statement (EIS) prepared by the Commis-
sion for the proposed facility. Fasken Land and Minerals, a private
West Texas business, similarly submitted comments, and it also sought
to intervene in the licensing proceeding. The Commission denied
Page Proof Pending Publication
Fasken's petition to intervene. Fasken then unsuccessfully challenged
that denial of intervention before the full Commission and the D. C.
Circuit.
In September 2021, the Commission granted ISP a license to build
and operate its proposed storage facility. Texas and Fasken sought re-
view of the Commission's licensing decision in the Fifth Circuit. The
Fifth Circuit vacated ISP's license.
Held: Because Texas and Fasken were not parties to the Commission's
licensing proceeding, they are not entitled to obtain judicial review of
the Commission's licensing decision. Pp. 674 -- 690.
(a) In the Hobbs Act, Congress specifed that only a "party aggrieved"
by a licensing order of the Commission may seek judicial review. Texas
and Fasken argue they qualify as parties because they participated in
the licensing proceeding by submitting comments on the draft EIS and,
in Fasken's case, by attempting to intervene. But the text of the
Atomic Energy Act indicates that one must be the license applicant or
successfully intervene in order to obtain party status in a Commission
licensing proceeding. The Act provides: "[T]he Commission shall grant
a hearing upon the request of any person whose interest may be affected

*Together with No. 23 -- 1312, Interim Storage Partners, LLC v. Texas
et al., also on certiorari to the same court.
666 NRC v. TEXAS

Syllabus

by the proceeding, and shall admit any such person as a party to such
proceeding." 42 U. S. C. (1)(A). That text means that a "per-
son" becomes a "party" only after that person requests to participate in
a hearing before the Commission -- that is, requests to intervene -- and
is actually "admit[ted]... to such proceeding" by the Commission.
Ibid. And if the Commission fails to "admit" someone "as a party," that
person is not a party. Pp. 674 -- 678.
(b) Fasken contends that it can maintain this suit because it satisfed
the statutory criteria for intervention under the Atomic Energy Act and
the Commission erroneously denied its intervention petition. Fasken
also argues that the Commission's intervention regulations set a higher
bar for intervention than the Atomic Energy Act contemplates. But
Fasken could (and already did) obtain judicial review in the D. C. Circuit
of the denial of its petition to intervene. See (1). In the D. C.
Circuit, Fasken did not question the legality of the Commission's inter-
vention regulations. Fasken simply challenged how the Commission
applied its regulations in this case. But the D. C. Circuit rejected
Fasken's arguments and upheld the Commission's denial of Fasken's pe-
tition to intervene. And Fasken did not seek en banc review in the
D. C. Circuit or certiorari in this Court. The decision on intervention
is fnal. Fasken cannot now use a new Hobbs Act suit to collaterally
Page Proof Pending Publication
attack the D. C. Circuit's prior ruling on intervention. Pp. 678 -- 680.
(c) Texas and Fasken alternatively argue that they need not be par-
ties to challenge ultra vires agency action. Because ultra vires review
could easily circumvent judicial-review statutes, this Court's cases have
strictly limited nonstatutory ultra vires review. Boire v. Greyhound
Corp.,. The Court's leading case on ultra vires review
is Leedom v. Kyne, holding that nonstatutory review was
available because the agency order "was an attempted exercise of power
that had been specifcally withheld" and violated a "specifc prohibition"
in the National Labor Relations Act. Id., at 188 -- 189. "The Kyne ex-
ception is a narrow one" that does not apply simply because an agency
arguably reached "a conclusion which does not comport with the law."
Boire, 376 U. S., at 481. Rather, it applies only when an agency acts
entirely "in excess of its delegated powers and contrary to a specifc
prohibition" in a statute. Railway Clerks v. Association for Beneft
of Noncontract Employees,.
For at least two reasons, Texas's and Fasken's ultra vires claims fall
short. First, Texas and Fasken basically dress up a typical statutory-
authority argument as an ultra vires claim. Second, ultra vires review
is unavailable where a statutory review scheme provides aggrieved per-
sons with an adequate opportunity for judicial review. See Board of
Governors, FRS v. MCorp Financial, Inc., -- 44. Here,
entities like Texas and Fasken seeking intervention are guaranteed judi-
 Cite as: (2025) 667

Syllabus

cial review of either the Commission's intervention denial or, if interven-
tion is granted, the Commission's fnal licensing order. Additionally, no
precedent supports bringing an ultra vires claim in a court of appeals
rather than frst in a district court. Pp. 680 -- 683.
(d) Because Texas and Fasken have no right to judicial review of the
licensing proceeding, the Court today does not decide whether the
Commission possessed statutory authority to issue a license to ISP.
Pp. 683 -- 687.
78 F. 4th 827, reversed and remanded.

Kavanaugh, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Sotomayor, Kagan, Barrett, and Jackson, JJ., joined. Gor-
such, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Thomas and Alito, JJ.,
joined, post, p. 690.

Deputy Solicitor General Stewart argued the cause for
petitioners in No. 23 -- 1300. With him on the briefs in both
cases were Acting Solicitor General Harris, former Solici-
tor General Prelogar, Assistant Attorney General Kim, Ni-
cole Frazer Reaves, Jennifer S. Neumann, Michael T. Gray,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Justin D. Heminger, and Andrew P. Averbach.
Brad Fagg argued the cause for petitioner in No. 23 -- 1312.
With him on the briefs in both cases were Timothy P. Mat-
thews, Michael E. Kenneally, and Ryan K. Lighty.
David C. Frederick argued the cause for respondent
Fasken Land and Minerals, Ltd. With him on the brief in
both cases were Scott H. Angstreich, Christopher C. Good-
now, Matthew J. Wilkins, Ryan M. Folio, Allan Kanner,
Annemieke M. Tennis, and Monica Renee Perales. Aaron
L. Nielson, Solicitor General of Texas, argued the cause
for respondent Texas et al. With him on the brief in both
cases were Ken Paxton, Attorney General, Brent Web-
ster, First Assistant Attorney General, Lanora C. Pettit,
Principal Deputy Solicitor General, and Benjamin W. Men-
delson and Sara B. Baumgardner, Assistant Solicitors
General.†
†Anne R. Leidich and Jay E. Silberg fled a brief in both cases for Holtec
International as amicus curiae urging reversal.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance in both cases were fled for the
State of Idaho by Raúl R. Labrador, Attorney General of Idaho, Alan
668 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kavanaugh delivered the opinion of the Court.
More than 50 nuclear power plants in the United States
produce electricity for American homes and businesses.
But those plants also generate dangerous spent nuclear fuel,
which is usually stored on site. Because some plants are
shutting down or no longer operating, on-site storage is not
a viable long-term solution. To address the storage prob-
lem, federal law has long designated the Yucca Mountain Nu-
clear Waste Repository in Nevada as the future permanent
site for disposal of spent nuclear fuel. But the Nevada proj-
ect has caused signifcant political controversy and has
stalled.
To fll the void, some private businesses have sought to
build and operate facilities to store spent nuclear fuel "off
site" -- that is, off the site of a nuclear power plant. To do
so, however, they need to obtain licenses from the Nuclear
Regulatory Commission.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Hurst, Solicitor General, Michael A. Zarian, Deputy Solicitor General,
and Robert M. Follett and Ann N. Yribar, Deputy Attorneys General; for
the State of New Mexico et al. by Raúl Torrez, Attorney General of New
Mexico, and by Dana Nessel, Attorney General of Michigan, Aletheia V.
P. Allen, Solicitor General, William Grantham, Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral, Lawrence Marcus, Assistant Solicitor General, and Esther Jamison,
Assistant Attorney General; for the State of Utah et al. by Derek E.
Brown, Attorney General of Utah, Stanford E. Purser, Solicitor General,
and Haley Sousa, Assistant Attorney General, and by the Attorneys Gen-
eral for their respective States as follows: Tim Griffn of Arkansas,
Brenna Bird of Iowa, Gentner F. Drummond of Oklahoma, Alan Wilson
of South Carolina, Marty J. Jackley of South Dakota, and John B. Mc-
Cuskey of West Virginia; for Beyond Nuclear, Inc., by Diane Curran and
Mindy Goldstein; for Don't Waste Michigan et al. by Wallace L. Taylor
and Terry J. Lodge; for the Pacifc Legal Foundation by Oliver J. Dunford;
for the Permian Basin Petroleum Association et al. by James R. Conde;
and for Sen. Ted Cruz et al. by Jason R. LaFond.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled in both cases for the City of Fort
Worth by Laetitia Coleman Brown; and for the Nuclear Energy Institute,
Inc., by Paul D. Clement, Andrew C. Lawrence, Ellen C. Ginsberg, and
Jonathan M. Rund.
 Cite as: (2025) 669

Opinion of the Court

Here, the Commission granted a renewable 40-year license
to a private entity seeking to store spent nuclear fuel at an
off-site facility in West Texas. The State of Texas and a
private West Texas business known as Fasken Land and
Minerals objected to the project and sued in the U. S. Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. They argued that federal
law does not authorize storage of spent nuclear fuel at pri-
vate off-site facilities.
The threshold question here is whether Texas and Fasken
may maintain this suit. The Court of Appeals said yes. We
disagree. Under the Hobbs Act, only an aggrieved "party"
may obtain judicial review of a Commission licensing deci-
sion. To qualify as a party to a licensing proceeding, the
Atomic Energy Act requires that one either be a license ap-
plicant or have successfully intervened in the licensing pro-
ceeding. In this case, however, Texas and Fasken are not
license applicants, and they did not successfully intervene in
the licensing proceeding. So neither was a party eligible to
Page Proof Pending Publication
obtain judicial review in the Fifth Circuit. For that reason,
we reverse the judgment of the Court of Appeals and do not
decide the underlying statutory dispute over whether the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission possesses authority to li-
cense private off-site storage facilities.

I
A
In 1954, Congress passed and President Eisenhower
signed the Atomic Energy Act. 68 Stat. 919, 42 U. S. C.
et seq. The Act allowed for private commercial nu-
clear power plants. Today, more than 50 nuclear power
plants -- along with coal, natural gas, and renewable energy
sources -- produce electricity for American homes and busi-
nesses. In all, nuclear power plants generate almost 20 per-
cent of the electricity in America.
Nuclear power plants also create radioactive waste -- as
relevant here, spent nuclear fuel. To lawfully store that
670 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

waste, nuclear power plants and storage facilities must ob-
tain a license from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission., 2092 -- 2093(a), 2111(a).
A license application initiates an adjudicatory proceeding
where the Commission determines whether the applicant has
met the statutory and regulatory criteria., 2239.
Section 2239 governs intervention in those proceedings. It
states: "In any proceeding" for "the granting, suspending,
revoking, or amending of any license... any person whose
interest may be affected by the proceeding" may request to
intervene and participate in a hearing, and the Commission
"shall admit any such person as a party to such proceeding."
(1)(A). The Commission in turn has promulgated
regulations specifying when a person may intervene under. Among other things, the Commission directs inter-
venors to proffer a "contention" that shows a "genuine dis-
pute... on a material issue of law or fact." 10 CFR.309(f) (2024). In 1990, the D. C. Circuit upheld the Com-
Page Proof Pending Publication
mission's intervention regulations as consistent with the
Atomic Energy Act. See Union of Concerned Scientists v.
NRC, 920 F. 2d 50, 51 -- 56.
The licensing proceeding culminates with a fnal order by
the Commission that either grants or denies the license.
The fnal orders of the Commission are subject to judicial
review under the Administrative Orders Review Act of 1950,
commonly known as the Hobbs Act. Ch. 1189, 64 Stat. 1129,
as amended; see. The Hobbs Act provides that any
"party aggrieved by the fnal order may, within 60 days after
its entry, fle a petition to review the order" in a court of
appeals. 28 U. S. C..

B
For decades, the question of how best to store and dispose
of spent nuclear fuel has sparked contentious American pol-
icy and political debates, and intermittent legislative and
regulatory efforts. More than 50 commercial nuclear power
 Cite as: (2025) 671

Opinion of the Court

plants in the United States now store spent nuclear fuel on
site at the plants themselves. That waste must be carefully
stored in pools or casks. Safe storage requires substantial
space and resources.
In 1980, acting pursuant to the 1954 Atomic Energy Act,
the Nuclear Regulatory Commission promulgated regula-
tions governing the licensing of private spent fuel storage
facilities. 45 Fed. Reg. 74693 (1980); see 10 CFR pt. 72. In
adopting those regulations, the Commission emphasized that
it was not claiming new authority, but instead was codifying
"certain existing regulatory practices and better defn[ing]
licensing requirements covering" off-site storage under the
Atomic Energy Act. 45 Fed. Reg. 74693. Under the Com-
mission's regulations, private storage facilities for spent nu-
clear fuel may be located either on site or off the site of
a commercial nuclear power plant. Id., at 74696. Eligible
storage facilities can obtain renewable 40-year licenses for
Page Proof Pending Publication
interim storage of spent nuclear fuel "pending its ultimate
disposal." Id., at 74694, 74703; 10 CFR.42.
Soon thereafter, Congress passed and President Reagan
signed the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, 96 Stat. 2201,
42 U. S. C. et seq. That Act directed the Department
of Energy to build a geologic repository to permanently dis-
pose of the Nation's spent nuclear fuel. See 42 U. S. C.
-- 10145. Importantly, the Act did not disturb the
Commission's 1980 regulations allowing both on-site and off-
site private storage facilities.
The U. S. Court of Appeals for the D. C. Circuit subse-
quently upheld the Commission's 1980 regulations for the li-
censing of private off-site storage facilities. See Bullcreek
v. NRC, 359 F. 3d 536, 537 -- 538, 541 -- 543 (2004). The D. C.
Circuit reasoned that the 1980 regulations were authorized
by and consistent with the 1954 Atomic Energy Act, and that
the 1982 Act did not deny or repeal the Commission's author-
ity to license private off-site storage facilities or otherwise
disturb the 1980 regulations. Ibid. Under licenses granted
672 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

by the Commission, spent nuclear fuel is currently being
stored at about 10 privately owned storage sites in the
United States where there are no active nuclear reactors.
Brief for United States 6.
Meanwhile, in 1987, Congress amended the 1982 Act to
specify Yucca Mountain in Nevada as the permanent reposi-
tory site for spent nuclear fuel. See 101 Stat. 1330 -- 227 to
1330 -- 228 (codifed at 42 U. S. C. ). But Nevada's ob-
jections and the (not coincidental) lack of appropriated funds
slowed progress on the Yucca Mountain repository. And the
U. S. Government eventually suspended the Yucca Mountain
project. Most of the Nation's spent nuclear fuel continues
to be stored on site at nuclear power plants.

C
In 2018, Interim Storage Partners, a business known as
ISP, applied for a license to build a private off-site storage
Page Proof Pending Publication
facility in Andrews County, Texas. Andrews County is in
West Texas, northwest of Midland and north of I -- 20 adjacent
to the Texas -- New Mexico border. The Nuclear Regulatory
Commission published a notice in the Federal Register. 83
Fed. Reg. 44070 (2018). Several entities sought to intervene
in the licensing proceeding, including Fasken, which grazes
cattle and operates oil and gas wells in West Texas. Fasken
objected to the proposed facility and raised various concerns,
including possible environmental contamination and harm to
endangered species.
The Commission denied Fasken's petition to intervene.
The Commission's regulations require would-be intervenors
to, among other things, proffer a suffcient "contention,"
which means "suffcient information to show that a genuine
dispute exists with the applicant/licensee on a material issue
of law or fact." 10 CFR.309(f). After holding two days
of oral argument on various intervention petitions, the Com-
mission's Atomic Safety and Licensing Board Panel ruled
that Fasken (and several other would-be intervenors) had
 Cite as: (2025) 673

Opinion of the Court

not satisfed the requirements for intervention. The full
Commission affrmed.
Fasken then sought review in the D. C. Circuit, challeng-
ing the Commission's denial of intervention. Fasken did not
argue that the regulations were inconsistent with the stat-
ute. Rather, it contended that, under the regulations, it had
a right to intervene. The D. C. Circuit decided that Fasken
was not entitled to intervene. Don't Waste Mich. v. NRC,
2023 WL 395030 (Jan. 25, 2023). Fasken did not seek en
banc review of the denial of intervention, nor did it petition
for certiorari in this Court.
In May 2020, the Commission issued a draft environmental
impact statement, or EIS, as required by the National Envi-
ronmental Policy Act, 83 Stat. 852, as amended, 42 U. S. C.
et seq. See 10 CFR.10 et seq. A Texas govern-
ment agency and Fasken both commented on the draft EIS.
App. 125, 205. The Texas agency contended that the pro-
Page Proof Pending Publication
posed facility was creating "signifcant unease with the pub-
lic" and that the Commission had done too little to prevent
the facility from becoming a de facto permanent storage site.
Id., at 205. Fasken argued that the facility created an unac-
ceptably high risk of environmental contamination. Id., at
126; see also id., at 128 -- 146, 198 -- 199. In July 2021, the
Commission published its fnal EIS.
In September 2021, the Commission granted ISP a license
to build and operate its proposed off-site facility for storage
of spent nuclear fuel. Id., at 284 -- 287. Texas and Fasken
then sued in the Fifth Circuit, arguing that the Commission
lacked statutory authority to license storage of spent nuclear
fuel at a private off-site facility.
The Fifth Circuit vacated ISP's license. 78 F. 4th 827, 831
(2023). First, notwithstanding that the Hobbs Act limits ju-
risdiction to a "party" aggrieved and that neither Fasken nor
Texas successfully intervened as a "party" under the Atomic
Energy Act, the court ruled that it could reach the merits.
The Fifth Circuit reasoned that Texas and Fasken could chal-
674 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

lenge ultra vires agency action -- that is, action entirely out-
side the Commission's authority -- regardless of whether they
qualifed as parties aggrieved under the Hobbs Act. Id., at
839 -- 840. Second, on the merits, the Fifth Circuit held that
the Commission lacked statutory authority to license a pri-
vate off-site facility for storage of spent nuclear fuel. Id., at
840. In so ruling, the Fifth Circuit disagreed with the D. C.
Circuit's 2004 Bullcreek decision, which had held to the con-
trary. 78 F. 4th, at 841 -- 842.
By a 9-to-7 vote, the Fifth Circuit denied rehearing en
banc. 95 F. 4th 935 (2024). The Nuclear Regulatory Com-
mission and ISP both sought review in this Court, and we
granted certiorari. (2024).

II
The Hobbs Act generally allows any "party aggrieved" by
a licensing order of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to
Page Proof Pending Publication
obtain judicial review in a federal court of appeals. 28
U. S. C.. The threshold question here is whether
Texas and Fasken qualifed as parties to the Commission
proceeding who could obtain judicial review in the Fifth
Circuit.
The Commission argues that, to become a party to a Com-
mission licensing proceeding for purposes of the Hobbs and
Atomic Energy Acts, a person or entity must either be the
license applicant or successfully intervene in the proceeding.
Because Texas and Fasken are not the license applicants and
did not successfully intervene, the Commission contends that
Texas and Fasken are not parties and cannot maintain this
suit.
Texas and Fasken disagree and advance three alternative
arguments for why they can pursue this case.
First, according to Texas and Fasken, they were parties
because both of them submitted comments to the Commis-
sion. Fasken also separately argues that it was a party be-
 Cite as: (2025) 675

Opinion of the Court

cause it sought to intervene in the licensing proceeding, even
though it did not successfully intervene.
Second, Fasken contends that the Commission erroneously
denied Fasken's intervention petition. Specifcally, Fasken
contends that the Commission's regulations governing inter-
vention are inconsistent with the text of the Atomic Energy
Act and set too high a bar for intervention. Fasken says
that the D. C. Circuit's decision affrming the Commission's
denial of Fasken's intervention petition does not preclude
Fasken from relitigating the intervention issue in this
litigation.
Third, Texas and Fasken claim that their statutory claims
are reviewable even if they were not parties to the Commis-
sion's licensing proceeding. Agreeing with the Fifth Cir-
cuit, they argue that the Commission acted ultra vires by
issuing a license to ISP, so a court may invalidate the license
even if no statutory avenue for judicial review like the Ad-
ministrative Procedure Act or the Hobbs Act is available.
Page Proof Pending Publication
We disagree with each of Texas's and Fasken's arguments.
They were not parties to the Commission's licensing proceed-
ing and therefore cannot obtain judicial review of the Com-
mission's licensing decision.

A
First, Texas and Fasken contend that simply submitting
comments or attempting to intervene in the Commission's
licensing proceeding suffces to qualify as a party under the
Hobbs Act. Not so.
Under the Hobbs Act, only a "party" aggrieved by the li-
censing proceeding may seek judicial review. Importantly,
a "party" aggrieved is not synonymous with a "person" ag-
grieved. In the Administrative Procedure Act of 1946, Con-
gress created a general cause of action for any "person...
aggrieved" by agency action. 5 U. S. C.. But as then-
Judge Scalia explained, when Congress enacted the Hobbs
676 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

Act in 1950, it "did not adopt the `person aggrieved' standard
used in the general judicial review provision of the APA,
even though the features of that legislation adopted four
years earlier were prominently in mind." Simmons v. ICC,
716 F. 2d 40, 43 (CADC 1983). Therefore, as Judge Scalia
stated, "we must read `party' as referring to a party before
the agency." Ibid. Other Courts of Appeals agree with the
D. C. Circuit on that point. See, e. g., Blackstone Valley
Nat. Bank v. Board of Governors of FRS, 537 F. 2d 1146,
1147 (CA1 1976); Wales Transp., Inc. v. ICC, 728 F. 2d 774,
776, (CA5 1984); Packard Elevator v. ICC, 808 F. 2d 654,
655 (CA8 1986); Sierra Club v. NRC, 825 F. 2d 1356, 1360
(CA9 1987).
The question then is how one becomes a party in a Com-
mission licensing proceeding. Texas and Fasken emphasize
ordinary dictionary defnitions of "party," such as "participa-
tor." E. g., 11 Oxford English Dictionary 281 -- 282 (2d ed.
Page Proof Pending Publication
1989); see Random House Dictionary of the English Lan-
guage 1052 -- 1053 (1966) ("participant"). According to Texas
and Fasken, they "participated" and became parties by fling
comments or attempting to intervene.
But the text of the Atomic Energy Act indicates that one
must be the license applicant or successfully intervene in
order to obtain party status in a Commission licensing pro-
ceeding. That Act provides: "In any proceeding under this
chapter, for the granting... of any license... the Com-
mission shall grant a hearing upon the request of any per-
son whose interest may be affected by the proceeding,
and shall admit any such person as a party to such proceed-
ing." 42 U. S. C. (1)(A). That
text means that a "person" becomes a "party" only after
that person requests to participate in a hearing before the
Commission -- that is, requests to intervene -- and is actu-
ally "admit[ted]... to such proceeding" by the Commis-
sion. Ibid. It follows that if the Commission fails to
 Cite as: (2025) 677

Opinion of the Court

"admit" someone "as a party," that person or entity is not
a party.1
Texas responds that the text of the Hobbs Act does not
distinguish between rulemaking and adjudicative proceed-
ings. So as Texas sees it, the same participation that con-
fers party status in an agency rulemaking -- namely, fling a
comment -- should suffce to qualify for party status in an
agency adjudication such as a Commission licensing proceed-
ing. We disagree with that "lowest common denominator"
approach to party status. Tr. of Oral Arg. 85. The Hobbs
Act applies to a variety of agency actions, and what suffces
for party status in one category of proceeding may be inade-
quate in another. Here, the text of the Atomic Energy Act
makes clear that a person or entity must be granted inter-
vention in order to become a "party" to a Commission licens-
ing proceeding, even if something less than intervention may
suffce in other proceedings such as rulemakings (or perhaps
certain less-formal agency adjudications) that are also gov-
Page Proof Pending Publication
erned by the Hobbs Act.
Because the Atomic Energy Act confnes party status to
license applicants and intervenors, we also reject Texas's ar-
gument, advanced for the frst time at oral argument, that
the Commission in effect offered party status to those who
submitted comments on the draft EIS. Id., at 86 -- 88. By
way of comparison, participation by amici in a court proceed-
ing does not make the amici parties, even if the court invited
such participation. See United States ex rel. Eisenstein v.
City of New York, (2009). So too in Com-
mission licensing proceedings under the Atomic Energy Act.

1
To be sure, if the Commission errs in denying intervention, the denied
person or entity may obtain judicial review of the denial of intervention
(as Fasken did here in the D. C. Circuit). But until one is granted inter-
vention either by the Commission directly or following a reviewing court's
decision, that person or entity is not a "party" and cannot obtain judicial
review of the Commission's licensing decision under the Hobbs Act.
678 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

Where judicial review of an underlying agency action is not
otherwise available, an entity cannot bootstrap its way into
judicial review of that action simply by commenting on a
draft EIS, even if invited to do so.
To be clear, Texas and Fasken could (and did) submit infor-
mation and views to the Commission that the Commission
could analyze in its decisionmaking process -- not unlike an
amicus brief in a court proceeding. But that level of partici-
pation does not equate to party status in this statutory
scheme.
In light of the statutory text and context, those who were
not license applicants or granted intervention in the Commis-
sion's licensing proceeding do not qualify as parties who can
obtain judicial review under the Hobbs Act.

B
Second, Fasken asserts (as does the dissent) that, in any
Page Proof Pending Publication
event, Fasken satisfed the statutory criteria for intervention
under the Atomic Energy Act -- and thus should have been
granted intervention by the Commission. And Fasken con-
tends that the D. C. Circuit's decision upholding the Commis-
sion's denial of intervention in earlier litigation does not pre-
clude it from now relitigating that issue in the Fifth Circuit
and this Court. We disagree.
The Atomic Energy Act generally provides that the Com-
mission "shall admit" any person who requests a hearing and
"whose interest may be affected by the proceeding." 42
U. S. C. (1)(A). The Commission's regulations gov-
erning intervention in turn require intervenors to meet sev-
eral specifc criteria. For example, the Commission directs
intervenors to proffer a "contention" that creates a "genuine
dispute... on a material issue of law or fact." 10 CFR.309(f) (2024). In 1990, the D. C. Circuit upheld the Com-
mission's intervention regulations as consistent with the
Atomic Energy Act, including. See Union of Con-
cerned Scientists v. NRC, 920 F. 2d 50, 51 -- 56.
 Cite as: (2025) 679

Opinion of the Court

According to Fasken (and the dissent), the Commission's
regulations set a higher bar for intervention than the Atomic
Energy Act contemplates. In 1990, the D. C. Circuit re-
jected that argument. See ibid. In any event, that ques-
tion is not before us in this case. Fasken could (and already
did) obtain judicial review in the D. C. Circuit of the denial
of its petition to intervene. See (1). In the D. C.
Circuit, Fasken did not question the legality of the Commis-
sion's intervention regulations. See Don't Waste Mich. v.
NRC, 2023 WL 395030 (Jan. 25, 2023). Fasken simply chal-
lenged how the Commission applied its regulations in this
case. But the D. C. Circuit rejected Fasken's arguments.
And Fasken did not seek en banc review in the D. C. Circuit
or certiorari in this Court. The decision on intervention is
fnal.
Fasken cannot now use a new Hobbs Act suit to collater-
ally attack the D. C. Circuit's prior ruling on intervention.
Page Proof Pending Publication
An analogy to judicial proceedings is instructive. In the ju-
dicial context, "intervention is the requisite method for a
nonparty to become a party to a lawsuit." Eisenstein, 556
U. S., at 933. And "only parties to a lawsuit, or those that
properly become parties, may appeal an adverse judgment."
Marino v. Ortiz, (1988) (per curiam).
Therefore, a nonparty who wishes to appeal from a district
court decision ordinarily must seek to intervene in the dis-
trict court proceeding. If the district court denies that
intervention motion, the nonparty may appeal the denial of
intervention. But the nonparty may not obtain appellate
review of any fnal order of the district court in the underly-
ing proceeding unless and until the denial of intervention is
reversed. See ibid.
So too in Commission proceedings. If a request to inter-
vene fails before the Commission, the would-be intervenor
may seek judicial review of that decision -- as Fasken did in
the D. C. Circuit. But a person who has not successfully
intervened before the Commission may not, as a nonparty,
680 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

bring a Hobbs Act suit contesting the merits of orders issued
in the underlying Commission proceeding.
Texas and Fasken complain that the Commission is unilat-
erally denying access to judicial review by limiting interven-
tion. That charge rings hollow. Texas did not even seek to
intervene in the Commission's licensing proceeding. As for
Fasken, the Commission's gatekeeping decision denying it
intervention was subject to judicial review in the D. C. Cir-
cuit. After losing there, Fasken chose not to seek en banc
review or further review in this Court.
In short, the Hobbs Act affords judicial review to those
who were parties before the Commission. Here, obtaining
party status required Texas or Fasken to successfully inter-
vene in the Commission proceeding. Because neither Texas
nor Fasken successfully intervened, they may not obtain ju-
dicial review of the Commission's licensing decision under
the Hobbs Act.
C
Page Proof Pending Publication
Third, Texas and Fasken alternatively argue that they
need not be parties in order to bring claims of ultra vires
agency action. That argument was the basis of the Fifth
Circuit's decision. (Notably, the dissent today does not
adopt that argument.)
Before enactment of the APA, those challenging agency
action often lacked a statutory cause of action. Yet courts
sometimes entertained "a bill in equity to attack administra-
tive action when no statutory review was available." 3 K.
Hickman & R. Pierce, Administrative Law.7, p. 2600 (7th
ed. 2024). In particular, courts recognized a right to equita-
ble relief where an agency's action was ultra vires -- that is,
"unauthorized by any law and... in violation of the rights
of the individual." American School of Magnetic Healing
v. McAnnulty, (1902).
According to Texas and Fasken, judicial-review statutes
like the Hobbs Act and the APA did not displace pre-existing
nonstatutory ultra vires review. And they say that they
 Cite as: (2025) 681

Opinion of the Court

may assert ultra vires claims here. They contend that the
Commission's issuance of a license to ISP was ultra vires
because the Commission's licensing authority, in their view,
does not extend to private off-site facilities for the storage
of spent nuclear fuel.
This Court's leading case on post-APA ultra vires review
is Leedom v. Kyne, (1958). That case arose
from an improper agency certifcation of a collective bargain-
ing unit -- an interlocutory order not subject to review under
the judicial-review provisions of the APA or the National
Labor Relations Act. See id., at 185, 187. This Court held
that nonstatutory review was available because the agency
order at issue "was an attempted exercise of power that had
been specifcally withheld," and the agency's order violated
a "specifc prohibition" in the Act. Id., at 188 -- 189.
Because ultra vires review could become an easy end-run
around the limitations of the Hobbs Act and other judicial-
Page Proof Pending Publication
review statutes, this Court's subsequent cases have strictly
limited nonstatutory ultra vires review to the "painstakingly
delineated procedural boundaries of Kyne." Boire v. Grey-
hound Corp., (1964). "The Kyne exception
is a narrow one," and it does not apply simply because an
agency has arguably reached "a conclusion which does not
comport with the law." Ibid. Rather, it applies only when
an agency has taken action entirely "in excess of its dele-
gated powers and contrary to a specifc prohibition" in a
statute. Railway Clerks v. Association for Beneft of Non-
contract Employees, (1965).
Ultra vires review is also unavailable if, as is usually the
case, a statutory review scheme provides aggrieved persons
"with a meaningful and adequate opportunity for judicial re-
view," or if a statutory review scheme forecloses all other
forms of judicial review. Board of Governors, FRS v.
MCorp Financial, Inc., (1991); see id., at 44.
Given all that, "a Leedom v. Kyne claim is essentially a
Hail Mary pass -- and in court as in football, the attempt
682 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

rarely succeeds." Nyunt v. Chairman, Broadcasting Bd. of
Governors, 589 F. 3d 445, 449 (CADC 2009).
For at least two reasons, Texas's and Fasken's ultra vires
claims under Leedom v. Kyne fall far short here.
First, Texas and Fasken basically dress up a typical
statutory-authority argument as an ultra vires claim. That
is a fairly common maneuver when a litigant tries to squeeze
its arguments into the Leedom v. Kyne box -- and is in large
part why those claims rarely succeed. Here, Texas and
Fasken contend that the Commission's general authority to
license storage of spent nuclear fuel does not extend to the
licensing of private off-site storage. In 2004, the D. C. Cir-
cuit rejected that statutory argument. See Bullcreek v.
NRC, 359 F. 3d 536, 537 -- 538, 541 -- 543. Even if one were to
disagree with the D. C. Circuit's conclusion, the statutory
argument falls well shy of a meritorious Leedom v. Kyne
claim. See 358 U. S., at 189.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Second, and alternatively, ultra vires review is not avail-
able because Texas and Fasken had an alternative path to
judicial review. Entities like Texas and Fasken who seek to
intervene are guaranteed judicial review of either the Com-
mission's denial of intervention or, if intervention has been
granted, the Commission's fnal order arising from the licens-
ing proceeding.
Also, Texas and Fasken's theory of ultra vires review
would lead to major anomalies. For example, the Fifth Cir-
cuit purported to exercise original -- rather than appellate -- 
jurisdiction over these ultra vires claims. But as counsel for
Fasken acknowledged at oral argument, no precedent sup-
ports bringing an ultra vires claim in a court of appeals in
the frst instance, rather than in a district court. Tr. of Oral
Arg. 76.
In addition, Fasken argues (and Texas does not dispute)
that the Hobbs Act's 60-day time limit for seeking judicial
review would apply even under its ultra vires theory. Brief
 Cite as: (2025) 683

Opinion of the Court

for Respondent Fasken 45. But Fasken does not explain
how it makes sense for an ultra vires claim to be limited
by the 60-day requirement yet not by the "party aggrieved"
requirement in the very same sentence of the Hobbs Act.
We need not further prolong the discussion. Texas and
Fasken may not maintain a nonstatutory ultra vires claim.
D
1
The dissent primarily focuses not on the threshold Hobbs
Act reviewability issue on which we rest our decision, but
rather on the ultimate merits question raised by Texas and
Fasken: Whether the Commission possessed statutory au-
thority to issue a license to ISP. According to the dissent,
that merits question is "not hard" because, in its view, the
Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 authorizes the storage of
spent fuel only at private on-site facilities or at federal facili-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ties -- but not at private off-site facilities. Post, at 698 (opin-
ion of Gorsuch, J.).
Because Texas and Fasken have no right to judicial review
of the licensing proceeding, the Court today need not and
does not decide that statutory interpretation question. But
we do briefy note, in response to the dissent's narrative, that
history and precedent offer signifcant support for the Com-
mission's longstanding interpretation. Contrary to the dis-
sent, the Commission for about 50 years has read the Atomic
Energy Act of 1954 to authorize storage of spent nuclear
fuel at private off-site facilities. And this Court in 1983 and
several Courts of Appeals have similarly interpreted the
Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to authorize licenses for the stor-
age of spent nuclear fuel. See Pacifc Gas & Elec. Co. v.
State Energy Resources Conservation and Development
Comm'n, 217 (1983); Bullcreek, 359 F. 3d,
at 538 (collecting cases and stating that "it has long been
recognized that the AEA confers on the NRC authority to
684 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

license and regulate the storage and disposal of " spent nu-
clear fuel).2
To spell it out some more: In 1980, the Commission
adopted regulations that interpreted the 1954 Atomic En-
ergy Act to authorize storage at private off-site facilities.
Those regulations established licensing procedures for pri-
vate on-site and off-site facilities. See 10 CFR pt. 72. In
adopting those regulations, the Commission made clear that
it was not claiming new authority, but instead was codifying
"certain existing regulatory practices and better defn[ing]
licensing requirements covering the storage of spent fuel in"
on-site and off-site facilities under the Atomic Energy Act.
45 Fed. Reg. 74693 (1980).
In the ensuing 45 years, the Commission's regulations
have continued to authorize storage of spent nuclear fuel,
including at private off-site facilities. And both before and
after the Commission's 1980 regulations, the Commission has
in fact licensed those facilities. For example, one such facil-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ity, the GE Morris facility in Morris, Illinois, received a li-
cense in 1971 and obtained a renewed license following the
1980 regulations. See In re General Elec. Co., 22 N. R. C.
851, 853 -- 854 (1985). Today, there are about 10 privately
owned storage sites where there are no active nuclear
reactors.

2
The dissent says that Pacifc Gas "never decided that question" and
Bullcreek "had no occasion to resolve" it. Post, at 704. In Pacifc Gas,
however, this Court noted that the Commission extensively regulates
spent fuel storage under the Atomic Energy Act, and the Court relied on
that fact in reasoning that "nuclear waste disposal" is a regulatory "feld... occupied by the Federal Government." 461 U. S., at 219; see also id.,
at 217. And Bullcreek reaffrmed -- without relying on Chevron defer-
ence -- that the Commission has "authority under the AEA to license and
regulate private use of private away-from-reactor spent fuel storage facili-
ties." 359 F. 3d, at 542; see also id., at 541 (disclaiming any reliance on
Chevron U. S. A. Inc. v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., (1984)).
 Cite as: (2025) 685

Opinion of the Court

Importantly, in 1982 when enacting the heavily negotiated
Nuclear Waste Policy Act, Congress was of course fully
aware of the 1954 Atomic Energy Act and the Commission's
1980 regulations authorizing private off-site storage of spent
nuclear fuel -- as well as the existence of private off-site stor-
age facilities like the GE Morris facility. See S. Rep. No.
97 -- 282, pp. 44, 65 (1981); In re Private Fuel Storage, LLC,
56 N. R. C. 390, 400 (2002) ("Members of Congress clearly
were well aware that `other provisions of law' authorized
private AFR [away-from-reactor] storage facilities, as the
existence, and fate, of such facilities was discussed in con-
gressional committee debates").
In that 1982 Act, Congress did not disturb the Commis-
sion's 1980 regulations or its practice of licensing temporary
private off-site facilities under the Atomic Energy Act. In
of that Act (which the dissent cites, see post, at 692,
698), Congress set forth guidelines for construing "this chap-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ter" of the 1982 Act but did not speak one way or another
about the Commission's existing licensing authority under the
1954 Act. 42 U. S. C.. Instead, in the 1982 Act,
Congress primarily focused on authorizing a permanent nu-
clear waste repository that would exist for thousands of years.
When a license for a private off-site storage facility was
later challenged in the D. C. Circuit, that court upheld the
license and the Commission's 1980 regulations, fnding them
to be consistent with the 1954 Atomic Energy Act and the
1982 Act. Bullcreek, 359 F. 3d, at 537 -- 538, 541 -- 543. The
D. C. Circuit reasoned that courts, including the Supreme
Court, had "long... recognized" that the Atomic Energy
Act "confers on the NRC authority to license and regulate
the storage and disposal of such fuel," including at private
off-site facilities. Id., at 538. Then, after considering the
text and structure of the 1982 Act, the D. C. Circuit further
concluded that the 1982 Act's "text... demonstrates that
Congress did not intend to repeal or supersede the NRC's
686 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

authority under the AEA to license and regulate private use
of private away-from-reactor spent fuel storage facilities."
Id., at 542.
The dissent today frst argues, however, that the Commis-
sion never had authority under the 1954 Atomic Energy Act
to license on-site or off-site storage facilities. See post, at
699 -- 702. But this Court has already rejected that interpre-
tation of the Act. See PG&E, 461 U. S., at 207, 217; see also
Bullcreek, 359 F. 3d, at 538.
And the dissent's theory that the Atomic Energy Act does
not authorize storage of spent nuclear fuel anywhere would
have extraordinary consequences. As was pointed out at
oral argument, if that interpretation were correct, then it
also would necessarily mean that private off-site facilities
actually do not need a license to store spent nuclear fuel in
the frst place. (That is because, if spent nuclear fuel is not
covered by the 1954 Act, then it follows that the Act does
not prohibit its possession or use.) If that were the case,
Page Proof Pending Publication
petitioner ISP could build the West Texas facility without
even bothering to seek a license from the Commission. Al-
though ISP might beneft somewhat from such a novel read-
ing, it forthrightly stated at oral argument that "that's not a
credible interpretation of the Atomic Energy Act." Tr. of
Oral Arg. 43.3
Regardless of the scope of the 1954 Atomic Energy Act,
the dissent next says that the 1982 Act restricted storage of
spent nuclear fuel to on-site and federal facilities. But as
the D. C. Circuit explained in Bullcreek, the 1982 Act care-
fully avoided denying or repealing the Commission's author-
ity to license private off-site facilities. See 359 F. 3d, at 542.

3
The dissent responds that the 1982 Act "addressed spent nuclear fuel
directly, and that statute authorizes its storage in only two locations."
Post, at 705. But the 1982 Act in relevant part simply grants the Commis-
sion authority additional to the 1954 Act to authorize storage of spent
nuclear fuel. See 42 U. S. C..
 Cite as: (2025) 687

Opinion of the Court

On that issue, the 1982 Act left the law where it was -- 
namely with the 1954 Atomic Energy Act and the 1980 Com-
mission regulations authorizing licensing of private off-site
storage facilities. See ibid.
In short, the 1982 Act did not withdraw or displace the
Commission's authority under the Atomic Energy Act (and
the 1980 regulations) to authorize private off-site storage.
On the contrary, the 1982 Act preserved pre-existing law on
that issue. Simply put, the dissent seems to underread the
1954 Atomic Energy Act and to overread the 1982 Act.
Given all of that, it is perhaps no surprise that neither
Fasken's intervention petition to the Commission nor Texas's
comments to the Commission questioned the Commission's
statutory authority to license private off-site storage of
spent nuclear fuel. They raised other issues, but they did
not question the Commission's statutory authority to issue a
license for private off-site storage.
To be clear, because Texas and Fasken's claims are not
Page Proof Pending Publication
judicially reviewable, we need not and do not decide the ulti-
mate question of statutory authority that the dissent focuses
on. So that there is no confusion, however, we underscore
that in resting on the threshold reviewability issue, we are
not somehow assuming or buying into a premise that the
Commission is wrong on the underlying merits. The dis-
sent's description of an agency that is fagrantly violating its
governing statutes seems to be in substantial tension with
about 50 years of consistent congressional action, agency
practice, and judicial interpretation.

2
When it turns to the Hobbs Act reviewability question on
which our decision rests, the dissent's analysis is unpersua-
sive, in our respectful view.
Under the Hobbs Act, as we have explained and the dis-
sent acknowledges, Texas and Fasken may obtain judicial re-
688 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

view of the licensing decision only if they were parties to the
Commission's licensing proceeding. See post, at 707. The
Atomic Energy Act -- in particular, 42 U. S. C. -- pre-
scribes how one becomes a party to a Commission licensing
proceeding. Under, to be a party, one must either be
the license applicant or be admitted by the Commission as a
party (that is, be granted intervention).
The dissent claims that is not the exclusive way to
become a "party" to a Commission licensing proceeding.
See post, at 709. We disagree. Section 2239 provides that
"[i]n any proceeding" for granting a license, "the Commis-
sion shall grant a hearing upon the request of any person
whose interest may be affected by the proceeding, and shall
admit any such person as a party to such proceeding."
(1)(A). As the dissent seems to
acknowledge, when uses the word "proceeding" rather
than "hearing," it refers to the Commission's "overall licens-
ing proceeding" -- not merely one subpart of that proceeding.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Post, at 709. And specifes intervention as the mecha-
nism for a person other than the license applicant to become
"a party to such proceeding" -- that is, to the Commission's
overall licensing proceeding. For that person or entity to
qualify as a party, the Commission must admit that person
or entity as a party.4

4
Even if were not the exclusive path to party status in Commis-
sion licensing proceedings, Texas and Fasken would still not be parties
under the Hobbs Act. The dissent suggests that Texas and Fasken could
achieve party status for purposes of the Hobbs Act merely by commenting
on the Commission's draft EIS. See post, at 707 -- 708. That contention -- 
that every interested commenter in an agency adjudication is a party for
purposes of the Hobbs Act -- is, as best as we can tell, unprecedented. See
supra, at 677 -- 678. The dissent points to no authority suggesting that a
person who is not involved in an agency adjudication can bootstrap his
way under the Hobbs Act into plenary judicial review of the legality of
that adjudication merely by commenting on a related EIS. Rather,
Courts of Appeals have long held that litigants cannot use collateral envi-
 Cite as: (2025) 689

Opinion of the Court

Section 2239 is thus the exclusive path to party status in
Commission licensing proceedings. To be a party, one must
be admitted by the Commission as a party. As we noted
above, the Commission applied its regulations implementing
and denied Fasken intervention.
Importantly, if a person or entity believes that the Com-
mission wrongly denied it intervention, then it may obtain
judicial review of the intervention decision. Here, Fasken
obtained such judicial review in the D. C. Circuit, but lost.
It cannot get a second bite at the apple on intervention in
this litigation.
The dissent responds that the Commission's intervention
regulations misinterpret and set too high a bar for
intervention. See post, at 711. The D. C. Circuit rejected
that argument 35 years ago in Union of Concerned Scien-
tists. See 920 F. 2d, at 51 -- 56. And in any event, we need
not delve into that question here because, to reiterate,
Fasken had an opportunity to raise that argument to the
Page Proof Pending Publication
D. C. Circuit when it challenged the Commission's denial of
intervention. But Fasken, though it appealed to the D. C.
Circuit, did not even raise that argument in that court.
Rather, it argued that it should have been admitted under
the Commission's existing intervention regulations. Fasken
did not prevail in the D. C. Circuit on that intervention argu-
ment. See Don't Waste Mich. v. NRC, 2023 WL 395030.
And it did not seek either en banc review or certiorari.
Having lost in the D. C. Circuit, Fasken cannot collaterally

ronmental claims to evade the limits on judicial review imposed by an
exclusive judicial-review provision like the Hobbs Act. See, e. g., Center
for Biological Diversity v. EPA, 861 F. 3d 174, 186 (CADC 2017); Ameri-
can Bird Conservancy v. FCC, 545 F. 3d 1190, 1194 -- 1195 (CA9 2008). In
these Commission proceedings, a person or entity who comments on the
EIS can petition to intervene, and if denied intervention, may appeal that
denial -- as Fasken did to the D. C. Circuit, where it did not prevail. But
commenting on an EIS in an adjudication does not automatically make one
a party under the Hobbs Act.
690 NRC v. TEXAS

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

attack that decision here, as we have explained. See supra,
at 679 -- 680. (For its part, Texas did not even try to inter-
vene in the Commission's licensing proceeding.)
The dissent exudes a sense that Texas and Fasken have
been treated unfairly. But the dissent wants to give Texas
and Fasken a second or third bite at the apple on the inter-
vention issue. To review: Texas and Fasken had ample op-
portunity to present their views on the proposed storage site
to the Commission. They did so. And they had the oppor-
tunity to try to intervene before the Commission and become
a party -- and after being denied, to raise their arguments for
intervention on appeal to the D. C. Circuit, and if unsuccess-
ful there, to this Court. They did not prevail (or did not try)
in those forums. And having not secured intervention, they
were not parties to the licensing proceeding under -- 
and therefore under the Hobbs Act cannot obtain judicial re-
view of the licensing decision in this litigation.

Page Proof Pending
* * * Publication
Texas and Fasken were not parties to the Commission's
licensing proceeding and are not entitled to obtain judicial
review of the Commission's licensing decision. We reverse
the judgment of the Court of Appeals and remand the cases
with instructions to deny or dismiss the petitions for review.
It is so ordered.

Justice Gorsuch, with whom Justice Thomas and Jus-
tice Alito join, dissenting.
By law, spent nuclear fuel may be stored on an interim
basis in only two places: at a nuclear reactor or a federally
owned facility. Disregarding those instructions, the Nu-
clear Regulatory Commission (NRC) issued an interim stor-
age license to a private company, Interim Storage Partners,
LLC (ISP), allowing it to store thousands of tons of spent
nuclear fuel on its private property in Texas, hundreds of
 Cite as: (2025) 691

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

miles from the nearest reactor. The agency's decision was
unlawful.
Still, the Court says, there is nothing we can do about
it. Why? Because neither of the respondents before us is
a "party aggrieved" by the agency's decision. Yes, the re-
spondents are the State of Texas and Fasken Land and Min-
erals, Ltd., a landowner with property near the proposed
facility. And, yes, they are "aggrieved" by the NRC's deci-
sion. Radioactive waste poses risks to the State, its citi-
zens, its lands, air, and waters, and it poses dangers as well
to a neighbor and its employees. But, the Court insists, the
agency never admitted Texas or Fasken as "parties" in a
hearing it held before issuing ISP's license -- and that's the
rub. Maybe the agency's internal rules governing who can
participate in its hearing are highly restrictive. Maybe
those rules are themselves unlawful. But, the Court rea-
sons, its hands are tied: The agency did not admit Texas or
Fasken as parties in its hearing, and that is that.
Page Proof Pending Publication
I cannot agree. Both Texas and Fasken participated ac-
tively in other aspects of the NRC's licensing proceeding.
No more is required for them to qualify as "parties ag-
grieved" by the NRC's licensing decision. Both are entitled
to their day in court -- and both are entitled to prevail.

I
A
At the dawn of the atomic age, few worried about where
to store spent nuclear fuel. The "prevailing expectation"
was that it would be reprocessed and reused. Brief for Fed-
eral Petitioners 3 ). Perhaps for that reason, Con-
gress's frst piece of major legislation regulating the nuclear
power industry, the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (AEA), 68
Stat. 919, did not address the storage of spent nuclear fuel.
In fact, the AEA didn't mention spent nuclear fuel at all.
692 NRC v. TEXAS

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

The statute spoke about nearly everything else -- from the
construction of commercial nuclear reactors to their owner-
ship and operation -- but not spent nuclear fuel or its storage.
Pacifc Gas & Elec. Co. v. State Energy Resources Conserva-
tion and Development Comm'n, -- 207
(1983).
By the 1970s, things looked very different. Spent nuclear
fuel was piling up, and there was nowhere to put it. The
reprocessing industry had "collapsed." Idaho, 945 F. 2d, at
298. Those developments presented the Nation with an
acute problem. Spent nuclear fuel is "radioactive, explosive,
and highly volatile," and it can remain so for thousands of
years. Brief for State of Idaho as Amicus Curiae 7. It can
poison people and animals, render land and water unusable,
and, should it fall into the wrong hands, it can be weaponized.
See id., at 8.
In 1982, Congress reentered the picture to address the
Page Proof Pending Publication
problem, passing a new law appropriately named the Nuclear
Waste Policy Act (NWPA), 96 Stat. 2201, 42 U. S. C. 
et seq. In it, Congress tasked the Department of Energy
with selecting a permanent federally owned repository for
spent nuclear fuel. See, 10134. In the meantime,
the NWPA authorized the "interim" storage of spent nuclear
fuel in two -- and only two -- places. Spent fuel, Congress
said, could be stored either "at the site of each civilian nu-
clear reactor" or at "facilities owned by the Federal Govern-
ment.". In case those instructions left any room
for doubt, Congress added that "nothing" in its new law
"shall be construed to encourage [or] authorize" storage at
offsite, private facilities..
Eventually, the Department of Energy selected Yucca
Mountain in Nevada to serve as the permanent repository
for spent nuclear fuel. And, in 1987, Congress amended the
NWPA to endorse that choice, directing that Yucca Mountain
should begin operations no later than January 31, 1998. See
101 Stat. 1330 -- 227 to 1330 -- 228, 42 U. S. C.. Despite
 Cite as: (2025) 693

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

that mandate, and "more than $15 billion" spent on the proj-
ect, the Yucca Mountain repository remains today more a
dream than a reality. App. 2; see National Assn. of Regula-
tory Util. Comm'rs v. United States Dept. of Energy, 680
F. 3d 819, 821 (CADC 2012).
That leaves the question what to do. Spent fuel must be
stored somewhere. And, until recently, that somewhere has
usually been where Congress directed -- at reactors or feder-
ally owned facilities. Now, however, the NRC and ISP seek
to experiment with a different solution.
In 2016, ISP's predecessor applied for a license to build
and maintain an aboveground storage facility for at least
5,000 metric tons of spent nuclear fuel in Andrews County,
Texas. App. 12. By way of reference, that is more than
the amount of spent fuel currently stored at any other site
in the country. Brief for Respondent Fasken 9. And ISP's
plans include the possibility of storing much more on its
Page Proof Pending Publication
land -- up to 40,000 metric tons of spent fuel in all. 78 F. 4th
827, 843 (CA5 2023).
ISP's proposed site lies in the Permian Basin, an area
about 250 miles wide and 300 miles long in western Texas
and eastern New Mexico. App. 64 -- 65. That area is "the
largest producing oilfeld in the world." Id., at 118. It also
includes aquifers that provide water to "dozens of counties
in Texas and New Mexico." Brief for Respondent Fasken 8.
While storing so much spent fuel on private land controlled
by a private company poses serious risks, transporting the
waste there will be tricky, too. The company's property lies
more than 300 miles from the nearest nuclear power plant,
and more than 1,000 miles from most other reactors. Id.,
at 9.
Despite those risks, and despite the NWPA's mandate that
spent nuclear fuel must be stored at reactors or federally
owned sites, the NRC launched an administrative proceeding
to consider ISP's request. And, at the end of it all, the
agency issued a license to ISP authorizing it to store spent
694 NRC v. TEXAS

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

fuel at its site for 40 years. In doing so, the agency left
open the possibility it might choose to extend that term even
further. App. to Pet. for Cert. 53a -- 59a; App. 175.

B
Slogging through the steps the agency took between re-
ceiving ISP's application in 2016 and rendering a fnal deci-
sion approving the license in 2021 makes for less than easy
reading. But those steps matter because of the way the
Court chooses to dispose of this case, so bear with me.
After receiving ISP's application and before it could issue
any sort of license, the NRC acknowledges, it had to under-
take a number of tasks. So, for example, it had to complete
a "safety review to determine [the applicant's] compliance
with NRC's regulations." 81 Fed. Reg. 79532 (2016). In
that review, NRC staff examined the conditions of the pro-
posed site, ISP's proposed operating systems, and the design
Page Proof Pending Publication
of its proposed structures (among many other things). See
NRC, Final Safety Evaluation Report for Specifc Materials
License No. SNM -- 2515 (Sept. 2021), pp. ii -- xiii. The
agency's fnal safety evaluation report was 366 pages long.
See ibid.
But that "safety review" was just one piece of the puzzle.
As the agency saw it, it also had to complete other tasks
before issuing a license. Two are especially relevant here.
One is what the agency called an "environmental review."
See, e. g., 81 Fed. Reg. 79532. The other is a hearing pro-
vided for by 42 U. S. C..
Start with the environmental review. The NRC said it
could not issue a license without certifying that it had com-
pleted an environmental impact statement (EIS) that as-
sessed "the potential environmental impacts of the pro-
posed" license and weighed alternatives, including the
possibility of "no-action." 81 Fed. Reg. 79532, 79533. To
discharge that responsibility, the agency had to prepare a
draft EIS, publish it, accept public comments, and provide a
reasoned decision for any conclusions it reached. Brief for
 Cite as: (2025) 695

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Federal Petitioners 27 ; see also 81 Fed.
Reg. 79532; 10 CFR pt. 51 (2024).
After the agency published its draft EIS for public com-
ment, Texas answered the call. Writing on behalf of the
State, Governor Greg Abbott warned that storing spent fuel
on "a concrete pad" in an oilfeld containing more than 40%
of America's proven oil reserves would be "dangerous."
App. 118. He expressed concern that an accident or an act
of terrorism could harm "the entire country." Id., at 122.
For all these reasons and more, he asked the NRC to "deny
ISP's license application." Id., at 121 -- 122. The Texas
Commission on Environmental Quality also provided com-
ments expressing concern that, by authorizing private "in-
terim" storage for 40 years (and perhaps longer) without ad-
dressing what should happen next, the NRC was effectively
ignoring Congress's directive that Yucca Mountain should
become the Nation's permanent repository for spent nuclear
fuel. Id., at 206.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Fasken offered comments, too. Fasken owns hundreds of
thousands of acres in the Permian Basin, where it grazes
cattle and operates oil and gas wells. Brief for Respondent
Fasken 9. In its comments, the company highlighted what,
in its view, constituted "systemic regulatory failures in mul-
tiple areas of the" draft EIS. App. 126; see id., at 123 -- 168.
Fasken also warned of threats "to the environment of West
Texas and the Permian Basin" presented by ISP's plans.
Id., at 186.
When it published its fnal EIS, the agency explained that
it was doing so "as part of the NRC's process to decide
whether to issue a license to ISP." 86 Fed. Reg. 43278
(2021). Like the safety report, the fnal EIS was volumi-
nous -- 684 pages in total, with 173 of those dedicated to sum-
marizing and responding to comments from the public.1 The
1
See NRC, Environmental Impact Statement for Interim Storage Part-
ners LLC's License Application for a Consolidated Interim Storage Facil-
ity for Spent Nuclear Fuel in Andrews County, Texas, Final Report, App.
D (NUREG -- 2239, July 2021).
696 NRC v. TEXAS

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

EIS specifcally addressed Texas's and Fasken's comments.2
And, after responding to those and other comments and
weighing various alternatives, the agency concluded with a
"recommendation to issue" a license to ISP. Id., at 51927.
Turn now to the other task the agency said it had to com-
plete: the hearing. "[U]pon the request of any person
whose interest may be affected by the [licensing] proceed-
ing," that statute provides, the agency "shall grant a hear-
ing" and "shall admit any such person as a party to such
proceeding." (1)(A). To comply with that man-
date, the NRC published a notice in the Federal Register
inviting "any persons... whose interest may be affected"
by ISP's license to "fle a request for a hearing and petition
for leave to intervene." 83 Fed. Reg. 44071 (2018).
Fasken sought to take advantage of this opportunity as
well. In response to the Federal Register notice, it submit-
ted two flings: A motion to dismiss and a petition for hear-
ing. See In re Interim Storage Partners, LLC, 90 N. R. C.
Page Proof Pending Publication
31, 43 -- 44 (2019). But instead of granting Fasken a hearing,
the agency invoked its own internal rules to keep the com-
pany out of that process. As the agency saw it, Fasken had
failed to meet its standards for "intervention" and had failed
to advance any "admissible contention" under its rules. Id.,
at 38, 52 -- 54, 109 -- 118; see also 10 CFR.309(f). Nor was
Fasken singled out for this treatment. While the agency
allowed its own staff and ISP to be heard, it effectively "de-
nied all third-party participation." Brief for Pacifc Legal
Foundation as Amicus Curiae 6. Fasken
went back and forth with the agency several times, appeal-
ing unfavorable rulings and fling new motions, but the
agency rebuffed all of its many efforts to participate. See
In re Interim Storage Partners, LLC, 92 N. R. C. 463, 489
(2020); In re Interim Storage Partners, LLC, 93 N. R. C.
244 (2021).
2
See id., at D -- 21, D -- 24, D -- 25, D -- 29, D -- 34, D -- 37, D -- 49, D -- 91, D -- 93, D -- 
95, D -- 97, D -- 100, D -- 150, D -- 153, D -- 159, D -- 162.
 Cite as: (2025) 697

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Eventually, Fasken went to court to challenge the agency's
various decisions preventing it from obtaining a hearing
under. So did others in Fasken's shoes. The D. C.
Circuit consolidated those challenges into one proceeding and
dispatched them all in a short, unpublished order. Don't
Waste Michigan v. NRC, No. 21 -- 1048 (Jan. 25, 2023) (per cu-
riam). In the only paragraph dedicated to Fasken's peti-
tion, the court concluded that the NRC had properly denied
Fasken's "motion to admit a new contention and its motion
to reopen the record." Id., at 4.
More than fve years after the NRC began the work re-
quired to pass on ISP's application -- including its safety re-
view, environmental review, and the hearing -- the
agency published a fnal decision approving ISP's license.
See 86 Fed. Reg. 51927. The license itself consisted of a self-
described "package" of materials. See id., at 51928 (refer-
encing "Materials License for ISP, dated September 13, 2021
Page Proof Pending Publication... (Package)").
That package included a preamble in which the agency re-
cited the various fndings necessary to issue the license.
App. 284; cf. id., at 277. Among those fndings was a conclu-
sion that "issuance of this license is in accordance with 10
CFR Part 51... and all applicable requirements [of that
Part] have been satisfed." Id., at 286. Translation: The
NRC had completed a fnal EIS. See 10 CFR.91. Con-
sistent with its regulations, the agency's fnal license package
also contained a "concise public record of decision" support-
ing its environmental fndings..102(a); see App. 288 -- 
298. That document described the agency's fndings in its
fnal EIS, including its recommendation that "the proposed
license [should] be issued to ISP." Id., at 288. The record
of decision also "incorporate[d] by reference the materials
contained in" the fnal EIS itself. Id., at 289; see 10 CFR.103(c).
After the agency issued its decision, Texas and Fasken pe-
titioned the Fifth Circuit for review, arguing that the NRC
698 NRC v. TEXAS

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

lacked legal authority to license ISP's facility. That court
agreed with Texas and Fasken and vacated the NRC's deci-
sion. 78 F. 4th, at 844. The agency and ISP then sought
review of the Fifth Circuit's decision, and we agreed to take
the cases. (2024).

II
With that background in mind, turn frst to the question
whether the NRC may license a private company to store
spent nuclear fuel, not at a reactor or on federal land, but on
its own private property. This "interim" license runs for 40
years -- subject to renewal. Can the agency lawfully issue
such a license?
A
The answer is not hard to come by. The NWPA author-
izes only two places where spent nuclear fuel may be stored
on an "interim" basis -- at reactor sites or on federal prop-
Page Proof Pending Publication
erty. See 42 U. S. C. -- 10157. When it comes to
that direction, Congress was clear as it could be, adding that
"nothing in [the NWPA] shall be construed to encourage [or]
authorize" storage at any "facility located away from the site
of any civilian nuclear power reactor and not owned by the
Federal Government.".
Given Congress's emphatic instructions, how did the NRC
come to the view that it possesses authority to do what
the NWPA forbids? It's a convoluted story. Before the
NWPA's adoption in 1982, the agency observes, the AEA
represented Congress's primary legislation in the feld of ci-
vilian nuclear power. And, the agency says, it issued regu-
lations pursuant to that statute in 1980 contemplating li-
censes like ISP's. See 45 Fed. Reg. 74693; Brief for Federal
Petitioners 4. Congress, the agency continues, must have
been aware of those regulations when it adopted the NWPA
in 1982. So, the agency reasons, Congress cannot have
meant for its new legislation to disturb them. See id., at
30 -- 48; Brief for Petitioner ISP 29 -- 42. As a result, the NRC
 Cite as: (2025) 699

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

says, it was entitled to rely on those regulations to issue
ISP's license.
That argument is unpersuasive. Agencies are creatures
of statute, and they have no authority to dispense licenses
except as Congress provides. See West Virginia v. EPA,
(2022). And nothing in the AEA author-
izes the NRC to license the storage of spent nuclear fuel at
private, offsite facilities like ISP's. Just recall: At the time
of the AEA's enactment in 1954, most assumed that spent
nuclear fuel would be reprocessed and reused, not stored for
millennia. See Part I -- A, supra. Refecting that assump-
tion, the AEA did not even mention spent nuclear fuel,
let alone address its storage. Ibid. Congress frst provided
for the storage of spent nuclear fuel only in 1982, with the
adoption of the NWPA. And that statute forbids, not au-
thorizes, licenses like ISP's.
In the past, the NRC itself has acknowledged as much.
In 1978, the agency's chairman recognized that the AEA did
Page Proof Pending Publication
"not explicitly authorize regulation of radioactive waste
facilities." NRC, Regulation of Federal Radioactive Waste
Activities, p. G -- 9 (NUREG -- 0527, Sept. 1979); see also Brief
for Respondent Fasken 3. And in the same 1980 regulations
the NRC now seeks to rely upon to issue a license to ISP,
the agency conceded that the need for a place to store "spent
fuel... for a number of years" became apparent only "[f]ol-
lowing the President's deferral of reprocessing of spent fuel
in April 1977." 45 Fed. Reg. 74693.

B
To be sure, the NRC (now) has a theory why the AEA
authorizes it to issue regulations regarding the storage of
spent nuclear fuel and grant licenses like ISP's. The agency
points to three provisions of the AEA that allow it to issue
licenses to entities seeking to "possess... special nuclear
material,", "distribute source material,",
or "use byproduct material,". And, the agency
700 NRC v. TEXAS

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

submits, if you cobble together "special," "source," and "by-
product" material, you wind up with spent nuclear fuel. See
Brief for Federal Petitioners 31 -- 32. So while the AEA may
not contain a single provision addressing the storage of spent
nuclear fuel, the agency insists, taken collectively these three
provisions effectively authorize it to issue regulations and
licenses regarding the storage of spent nuclear fuel. Ibid.
The agency's theory may get marks for creativity, but it
fails for at least three independent reasons.
First, it's hard to see how the power to license the use of
"special," "source," and "byproduct" material amounts to a
power to license the storage of spent nuclear fuel. In
briefng before us, even the agency admits that spent fuel "is
a substance different from any one of its constituent parts,"
Reply Brief for Federal Petitioners 13,. And Congress
itself has defned those terms very differently. Under the
NWPA, spent nuclear fuel must "ha[ve] been withdrawn
Page Proof Pending Publication
from a nuclear reactor following irradiation" and must not
have undergone "reprocessing.". Meanwhile,
the AEA's detailed defnitions of special, source, and byprod-
uct materials include neither of these requirements. See, (z), (aa).
Elsewhere, too, Congress has distinguished spent nuclear
fuel from special, source, and byproduct materials. While
the AEA as enacted in 1954 said nothing about "spent nu-
clear fuel," in 1988 Congress amended that law to incorpo-
rate the NWPA's defnition of the term. See 102 Stat. 1069.
So, today, the AEA authorizes the NRC to ensure that cer-
tain "byproduct materials, source materials, special nuclear
materials, [and] spent nuclear fuel" transferred in the
United States are done so in a specifc manner.. If the agency were right, and spent nu-
clear fuel really is just the sum of special, source, and by-
product materials, Congress's inclusion of the phrase "spent
nuclear fuel" would have been meaningless. And we do not
 Cite as: (2025) 701

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

usually presume that Congress takes the trouble to amend
its laws to add words and phrases that perform no work.
See Duncan v. Walker, (2001); A. Scalia &
B. Garner, Reading Law 174 -- 179 (2012).
If more evidence were needed, the 1980 regulations on
which the NRC now seeks to rely would provide it. There,
the agency explained its view that "[s]pent fuel includes the
special nuclear material, byproduct material, source mate-
rial, and other radioactive materials associated with fuel
assemblies." 45 Fed. Reg. 74700 -- 74701.
Even in the 1980 regulations the agency invokes to justify
ISP's license, then, the agency itself admitted that spent nu-
clear fuel includes materials besides special, source, and by-
product materials. The agency cannot have it both ways.
Second, the AEA authorizes the NRC to license the use
of special, source, and byproduct materials only for very spe-
cifc purposes -- and storage is not among them. So, for ex-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ample, the AEA says that the agency may grant licenses for
the possession of "special nuclear material" for activities like
"research and development," "medical therapy," and indus-
trial or commercial purposes. (1) -- (3); see.
The provisions speaking to "source material" and "byproduct
material" contain similar lists of approved uses. See, 2111(a). None of those lists discusses storage as
an approved use.
The agency admits that the AEA does not expressly au-
thorize it to issue licenses for storage. See Brief for Federal
Petitioners 32 -- 34. But, it replies, the statute does so im-
plicitly. For support, the agency points to the fact that the
provisions discussing "special," "source," and "byproduct"
material each contain a "catchall." Ibid. So, for example,
authorizes the agency to license the possession of
"special nuclear material" not just for medical research and
the like, but also for "such other uses as the Commission
determines to be appropriate to carry out the purposes of
702 NRC v. TEXAS

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

this chapter." And, the agency says, it has determined it
"appropriate" to issue licenses for the "interim" storage of
spent fuel to private companies like ISP. See id., at 32.
That hardly works. As this Court has repeatedly recog-
nized, a catchall "at the end of a list of specifc items is typi-
cally controlled and defned by reference to the specifc
classes that precede it." Fischer v. United States, (2024) (internal quotation marks and ellipsis omit-
ted); accord, Yates v. United States, (2015)
(plurality opinion). So, the catchalls before us cannot be
read as permission to the NRC to go forth and do good. In-
stead, they must be read in light of, and consistently with,
the lists that precede them. And here, all of the activities
listed in, and involve the affrmative,
productive use of the materials in question -- not their pas-
sive storage.
Third, even assuming (against all the evidence) that the
Page Proof Pending Publication
AEA once might have implicitly authorized the NRC to
grant licenses like the one at issue here, it cannot be fairly
read to do so after Congress adopted the NWPA in 1982. If
the AEA spoke at all to the storage of spent nuclear fuel, it
did so elliptically and without offering any specifcs about
what sort of storage might be appropriate. The NWPA, by
contrast, speaks directly to spent nuclear fuel and the ques-
tion of its storage. In doing so, that law makes plain that
only two kinds of "interim" storage sites are permissible.
And knowing that much is enough to know that the NWPA
must govern, for it is a "familiar" rule of statutory construc-
tion "that a specifc statute controls over a general one."
Bulova Watch Co. v. United States, (1961);
accord, Morton v. Mancari, -- 551 (1974);
contra, ante, at 686, (mistakenly suggesting in dicta that
the NWPA "simply grant[ed]" the NRC "additional"
authority).
Really, any other conclusion would make a mockery of
Congress's work in the NWPA and risk rendering it a dead
 Cite as: (2025) 703

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

letter. What was the point of legislation specifying two and
only two appropriate sites for the interim storage of spent
fuel if the NRC possesses the power to authorize interim
storage wherever it thinks best? And what was the point
of Congress later amending the NWPA to authorize one and
only one permanent storage site if nothing prevents the
NRC from issuing 40-year "interim" licenses and renewing
them indefnitely? If there are answers to those questions,
the agency has not supplied them.
In short, Texas and Fasken are right. The law does not
permit the NRC to license private companies to store spent
nuclear fuel at private, away-from-reactor facilities. The
NWPA expressly prohibits that course. And cobbled-
together terms addressing other matters in the AEA cannot
be repurposed to authorize what the NWPA forbids.
Should Congress choose, it could grant the agency the power
it seeks. But there are obvious and grave risks associated
with transporting highly radioactive material across the
Page Proof Pending Publication
country and entrusting it to a private company operating on
private property. And it belongs to Congress, not the
agency, to assess those risks in the frst instance.

C
Despite insisting that we lack jurisdiction to reach the
merits of Texas's and Fasken's claim, the Court proceeds to
devote a healthy section of its opinion to the merits anyway.
See Part II -- D -- 1, ante. That is surely a curious choice, for
anything the Court might say about the merits of a case over
which it lacks jurisdiction is pure dicta. Cf. Steel Co. v. Citi-
zens for Better Environment, -- 95 (1998).
Maybe worse, the Court's dicta is simply wrong. The Court
argues that the NRC's decision to issue a license to ISP is
justifed by "history and precedent." Ante, at 683. Yet
neither the Court's (revisionist) history nor its (irrelevant)
precedent can imbue the NRC with novel authority that ap-
pears nowhere in any statute.
704 NRC v. TEXAS

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Take precedent frst. According to the Court, we and oth-
ers have "interpreted the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to au-
thorize licenses for the storage of spent nuclear fuel." Ibid.
In truth, this Court has never decided that question. Our
decision in Pacifc Gas simply acknowledged that the NRC
in 1980 "promulgated detailed regulations governing storage
and disposal away from the reactor" -- an undisputed fact
about regulations no one had challenged -- along the way to
holding that neither the AEA nor those regulations pre-
empted a California statute pausing in-state construction of
new nuclear plants until more spent-fuel storage became
available. 416 U. S., at 217, 219. As for the lower courts,
the best the Court can muster is a D. C. Circuit case that
had no occasion to resolve whether the AEA authorizes the
NRC to license private, offsite storage, for the parties there
"conceded [that] the NRC" had just such "authority" under
the 1954 statute. See Bullcreek v. NRC, 359 F. 3d 536, 542
Page Proof Pending Publication
(2004).
History doesn't get the Court any further. As the Court
sees it, the NRC must have the power to issue licenses to
facilities like ISP's because it has done so in the past. But
no agency can exercise power without lawful authority, and
repeating a wrong does not make it right. Notice, too, what
the Court has to say about the agency's past practices:
"[T]here are about 10 privately owned storage sites where
there are no active nuclear reactors." Ante, at 684. That
careful phrasing obscures that none of those facilities is any-
thing like ISP's. Eight facilities seemingly included in the
Court's count are not "offsite" storage sites at all, but "pri-
vately owned nuclear reactor sites that have ceased... reac-
tor operations." Brief for Federal Petitioners 6. Mean-
while, the GE Morris facility was initially built to serve as
a reprocessing facility and only became a storage facility
by default after reprocessing collapsed. See Brief for
Don't Waste Michigan et al. as Amici Curiae 12. That
leaves just one example where it appears the NRC has in-
 Cite as: (2025) 705

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

voked its 1980 regulations to license a private, offsite storage
facility -- and that facility "was never built." See Tr. of Oral
Arg. 81. I struggle to see in any of this the "signifcant
support" the Court claims for what the agency did here.
Ante, at 683.
One other aspect of the Court's merits analysis warrants
mention. In the Court's view, if the AEA did not authorize
the NRC to issue a license to ISP, that would mean private
individuals and companies could store spent nuclear fuel any-
where and do so without a license. See ante, at 686. That
conclusion does not follow for at least two reasons. First,
as we have seen, in 1982 the NWPA addressed spent nuclear
fuel directly, and that statute authorizes its storage in only
two locations. Second, even before the NWPA, when most
thought spent nuclear fuel would be reprocessed, the AEA
was not blind to the fact that nuclear reactors would gener-
ate spent fuel, nor did the AEA tolerate its storage by any-
Page Proof Pending Publication
one "anywhere."
To the contrary, the AEA authorized the NRC to license
reactor facilities only so long as they could be operated
safely. See, e. g., 68 Stat. 936 -- 937. Before issuing a license
consistent with that mandate, the NRC understood, it had to
determine that a reactor facility could safely store spent fuel
on an interim basis. See, e. g., 42 Fed. Reg. 34391 (1977)
("As part of the licensing process for an individual power
reactor facility, the Commission does review the facility in
question in order to assure that the design provides for safe
methods for interim storage of spent nuclear fuel"). Indeed,
we are told that, for safety reasons, spent fuel usually must
be stored onsite for "at least fve years." Tr. of Oral Arg.
105. It follows, then, that under the AEA, the operator of
a licensed reactor would have been authorized (and in fact
required) to keep spent fuel onsite after removing it from a
reactor. See id., at 97. It does not follow that the AEA
permitted other parties, without a license, to take spent nu-
clear fuel offsite and do with it what they pleased.
706 NRC v. TEXAS

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

III
Without any persuasive argument on the merits, the NRC
urges the Court to dismiss Texas's and Fasken's claims on
jurisdictional grounds. Ultimately, the Court does just that
and thus paves the way for the agency to issue its misbegot-
ten license. As the Court sees it, Texas and Fasken cannot
challenge the NRC's decision in court because they failed to
jump through the right hoops before the agency.
The Court's reasoning follows this path: Texas and
Fasken seek judicial review under the Hobbs Act. That
statute permits "[a]ny party aggrieved by [an agency's] fnal
order [to] fle a petition to review the order in the court of
appeals wherein venue lies." 28 U. S. C.. And, in
the Court's estimation, neither Texas nor Fasken qualifes as
a "party aggrieved" by the NRC's decision. Ante, at 674.
In reaching that conclusion, the Court does not (and can-
not) question that Texas and Fasken have much at stake.
Page Proof Pending Publication
ISP's plan to store radioactive waste in the Permian Basin
threatens harm to their citizens and employees, poses risks
to their lands, air, and waters, and will diminish the value of
Fasken's property. See Part I -- B, supra. Even the NRC
has acknowledged that Fasken's interests might be affected
by ISP's license, 90 N. R. C., at 51 -- 52, and the agency does
not dispute that the same holds true for Texas. Doubtless,
Texas and Fasken are "aggrieved."
Still, the Court reasons, neither Texas nor Fasken are
"parties" aggrieved by the NRC's decision to issue ISP's li-
cense. Ante, at 675. The agency may have solicited public
comments in its environmental review. Texas and Fasken
may have supplied comments. The agency may have ac-
cepted those comments and considered them before issuing
its environmental review fndings and fnal EIS that them-
selves form part of ISP's license. And, without question,
Fasken struggled mightily to participate in the hearing the
agency conducted under. But the NRC managed to
keep the company out of that particular portion of its licens-
 Cite as: (2025) 707

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

ing proceeding. And that, the Court concludes, is enough to
prevent both Texas and Fasken from lodging any complaint
in court about the agency's work.

A
I see things differently. Lower courts have often as-
sumed the phrase "party aggrieved" in the Hobbs Act re-
quires those seeking relief from an agency's "fnal order" in
court to have been "parties to any proceedings before the
agency preliminary to issuance of " the challenged order.
Simmons v. ICC, 716 F. 2d 40, 42 (CADC 1983). The Court proceeds on that same assumption today.
Ante, at 676. For present purposes, let us take it as given.
Doing so raises a few questions. First, what was the
"fnal order" in this action? Plainly, the NRC's licensing de-
cision. Second, what were the "proceedings before the
agency preliminary to issuance of [that] order?" Simmons,
Page Proof Pending Publication
716 F. 2d, at 42. As we have seen, the NRC's licensing pro-
ceeding comprised several parts -- including the safety re-
view, environmental review, and a hearing. Third,
who qualifed as a party in that proceeding? To answer that
question, the Court relies on a line of D. C. Circuit cases that
recognize "[t]he degree of participation necessary to achieve
party status varies according to the formality with which the
proceeding was conducted." Water Transp. Assn. v. ICC, 819
F. 2d 1189, 1192, and (CADC 1987) ; see also ante, at 676 (relying on Simmons).
To my mind, that answer resolves this case. Focus on the
agency's environmental review. Remember, that review
was an essential component of its licensing proceeding. See
Part I -- B, supra. The NRC itself admits that it could not
sign off on ISP's license without completing an environmen-
tal impact statement weighing alternatives to ISP's pro-
posal, including the possibility of denying it. Ibid. Re-
flecting as much, the agency's final license "package"
included a preamble in which the agency recorded various
708 NRC v. TEXAS

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

fndings, including a fnding that it had completed a fnal EIS.
Ibid. The package also included a "concise public record of
decision" outlining the fndings of the agency's fnal EIS, in-
corporating that document by reference, and reporting its
conclusion that ISP's license application should be granted.
Supra, at 697 ; App. 288 -- 298).
Texas and Fasken were parties to that component of the
agency's licensing proceeding. After preparing a draft EIS,
the agency solicited comments from the public. Part I -- B,
supra. Both Texas and Fasken offered extensive comments,
raising warnings about the impact of ISP's intended project
on land, water, oil and gas reserves -- and people. Ibid.
The agency accepted those comments and undertook to ad-
dress them in its fnal EIS. Ibid.
That is enough to make Texas and Fasken "parties" to
"any proceedings before the agency preliminary to issuance
of " the challenged order. Simmons, 716 F. 2d, at 42. In
"administrative proceedings" contemplating "notice-and-
Page Proof Pending Publication
comment," lower courts have long said that "commenting"
qualifes an individual as a "party" for purposes of the Hobbs
Act. ACA Int'l v. FCC, 885 F. 3d 687, 711 (CADC 2018).
That much is surely right. And it means that Texas and
Fasken are "parties" who may be heard in court under the
Hobbs Act.
B
For its part, the Court seems to consider Texas's and
Fasken's participation in the agency's environmental review
irrelevant. As I understand it, the Court thinks that, to
"qualify as a party," Texas and Fasken also had to "success-
fully intervene" in the agency's hearing. Ante, at 669.
I fail to see why. By the terms of one statute and set of
regulations, the agency may have had to offer a public hear-
ing. But by the terms of other statutes and regulations, the
agency also had to conduct, among other things, an environ-
mental review and a safety review. Each of these steps,
 Cite as: (2025) 709

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

the agency insists, was necessary before it could reach a de-
cision on ISP's license application. See Part I -- B, supra;
see also, e. g., 81 Fed. Reg. 79532. And all of the agency's
various tracks of review culminated in a single decision. In-
deed, the agency incorporated the conclusions of each into
its fnal license "package." Part I -- B, supra. And without
doubt, Texas and Fasken participated as parties in the
environmental-review portion of the agency's licensing pro-
ceeding. Ibid. The Hobbs Act requires no more. See
Simmons, 716 F. 2d, at 42 (participation as a "party" in "any
proceedings before the agency preliminary to issuance of "
the challenged order is suffcient ).
That conclusion is confrmed by the terms of itself.
The statute provides that, "[i]n any proceeding... for the
granting... of any license," the NRC "shall grant a hearing
upon the request of any person whose interest may be af-
fected by the proceeding, and shall admit any such person
Page Proof Pending Publication
as a party to such proceeding." (1)(A). With this
language, Congress clearly sought to ensure that anyone af-
fected by the agency's decision would have at least one forum
in which to express their views to the NRC. But nowhere
did Congress say is the only way someone can partici-
pate in the agency's licensing proceeding. Nowhere, for ex-
ample, did it say that someone must request a hearing under
to become a party to the NRC's licensing proceeding.
More than that, the statute's terms preclude any interpre-
tation confating a hearing before the agency with the licens-
ing proceeding itself. The statute provides that the "hear-
ing" occurs "[i]n any proceeding... for the granting... of
any license" -- that is to say, in an overall licensing proceed-
ing. The statute does not say that the hearing is the licens-
ing proceeding. Surely, too, that is as it must be. Under, after all, a hearing may or may not be required, de-
pending on whether someone "request[s]" one. And, with or
without a hearing, the NRC must, by statute and regulation,
710 NRC v. TEXAS

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

undertake an extensive "proceeding... for the granting...
of [the] license" that includes an environmental review and a
safety review. (1)(A); see also Part I -- B, supra.3
Any possible lingering doubt on this score is resolved by
recalling that the Hobbs Act is a jurisdictional statute. Ju-
risdictional statutes, this Court has said, must be read in
light of a "strong presumption that Congress intends judicial
review of administrative action." Bowen v. Michigan Acad-
emy of Family Physicians, (1986). It is
a presumption that can be overcome "only upon a showing
of clear and convincing evidence of a contrary legislative in-
tent." Abbott Laboratories v. Gardner, 
(1967). And here that
presumption counsels strongly against assuming that those
who participate in one aspect of an NRC licensing proceed-
ing must participate in another just to be heard in court.
Certainly, nothing in the Hobbs Act or clearly and
Page Proof Pending Publication
convincingly requires that result.

3
The Court insists that litigants cannot "use collateral environmental
claims to evade the limits on judicial review imposed by an exclusive
judicial-review provision like the Hobbs Act." Ante, at 688 -- 689,.
But that truism is no answer. Texas and Fasken are not seeking to evade
the Hobbs Act by bringing, say, an Administrative Procedure Act claim
based on their environmental objections (much as the litigants in the two
circuit cases the Court cites sought to do in order to evade other exclusive
judicial-review provisions). See ibid. Instead, Texas and Fasken claim
they are entitled to proceed under the Hobbs Act itself. And while com-
menting on an EIS may not always be enough to guarantee "party" status
under the Hobbs Act, it suffces here given the way the NRC's licensing
proceeding is structured. Nor is it any answer to insist, as the Court
does, that the hearing is a formal "agency adjudication" where "in-
tervention" is required. Ante, at 677, 688, and. For one thing, noth-
ing in (1)(A) suggests that the label "formal agency adjudication"
is appropriate. For another, if the agency's licensing proceeding involves
an adjudication at all, it "is a very strange type of adjudication," because
it only sometimes includes a hearing, yet always requires the agency to
open "a notice-and-comment process." Tr. of Oral Arg. 87.
 Cite as: (2025) 711

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

A corollary to the presumption favoring judicial review
only serves to bolster that conclusion. "[A]bsent clear state-
ment," this Court does not read legislation "to place in exec-
utive hands authority to remove cases from the Judiciary's
domain." Kucana v. Holder, (2010). The
reason for that rule is obvious. Allowing agencies to decide
who can challenge their work in court is like letting the fox
guard the henhouse: Given the opportunity, agencies are
likely to ensure nothing survives.
This case illustrates the risk. Section 2239 promises that
the NRC "shall grant a hearing upon the request" of anyone
who "may be affected" by a proposed license and "shall admit
any such person as a party to such proceeding." By any
measure, Fasken satisfed the law's terms. It sought to par-
ticipate, and the agency concluded that it qualifed as a "per-
son whose interest may be affected." See 90 N. R. C., at 47,
52. From that, it followed that the NRC had to "admit"
Page Proof Pending Publication
Fasken as "a party."
Despite that mandate, the agency (again) charted its own
course. It developed restrictive internal rules regulating
who may "intervene" in its hearing and what "contentions"
it considers "admissible." See supra, at 696 ). Then, it deployed those rules to exclude Fasken
and others who sought to participate, turning what was sup-
posed to be a public hearing more nearly into an echo cham-
ber involving agency staff and ISP. 90 N. R. C., at 57 -- 64.
To top it all off, the agency now asks us to believe that 
(supplemented, of course, by its own regulations) supplies
the only way someone can become a "party" to its licensing
proceeding. Brief for Federal Petitioners 19 -- 20.
By that series of steps, the agency effectively seeks to con-
trol who may challenge its decisions in court -- and ensure
that the answer is no one. Perhaps, as the Court observes,
Fasken could have challenged the agency's internal regula-
tions restricting who may participate in a hearing, ar-
712 NRC v. TEXAS

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

guing that they defy the statute's plain terms. See ante, at
680. And perhaps someone should consider doing just that.4
But the hard fact remains that, by accepting the NRC's
strained view that represents the only way for some-
one to become a party to its licensing proceedings, we effec-
tively allow the agency to keep even a neighboring land-
owner and the very State in which massive amounts of spent
nuclear fuel will be stored from being heard in court. Fox
meet henhouse.
*
The NWPA prohibits the NRC from licensing the storage
of spent nuclear fuel at privately owned sites like ISP's. De-
spite that command, the NRC forged ahead anyway. As the
Fifth Circuit recognized, the agency's decision was unlawful.
Nor does anything in the Hobbs Act prevent us from admit-
ting what we know to be true. Both Texas and Fasken are
"parties aggrieved" by the agency's decision. The NRC's
Page Proof Pending Publication
theory otherwise requires us to ignore the full scope of the
agency's own licensing proceeding. It forces us to reimag-
ine a statute expanding public access to the agency's admin-
istrative proceedings into one restricting access. And it
asks us to believe that the very State in which the agency

4
After frst touting the availability of this course, the Court later, in
dicta, seems to disparage its prospects, citing a 35-year-old D. C. Circuit
decision for the proposition that the NRC's regulations do not "set too
high a bar" for intervention. See ante, at 689 ). But, of course, that decision
hardly binds this Court. Notably, too, the D. C. Circuit did not pass on
the agency's intervention regulations alone, but only those regulations "in
conjunction with the [NRC's] longstanding late-fling rule." Id., at 53
("UCS does not... contend that the heightened pleading requirement,
standing alone, would be illegal"). In doing so, as well, the court invoked
Chevron deference, an approach this Court has since rejected. See 920
F. 2d, at 54, overruled by Loper Bright Enterprises
v. Raimondo, (2024)).
 Cite as: (2025) 713

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

intends to store spent nuclear fuel indefnitely cannot be
heard in court to complain about the agency's plans. Be-
cause nothing in the law requires us to indulge any of those
fantasies, I respectfully dissent.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 697, line 15 from bottom: "accord" is changed to "accordance"
p. 699, line 19: "the" is deleted

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 1
Pages 100 -- 145

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 20, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
100 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC, et al. v.
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the district of columbia circuit
No. 24 -- 7. Argued April 23, 2025 -- Decided June 20, 2025
Under the Clean Air Act, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
approved California regulations that require automakers to manufac-
ture more electric vehicles and fewer gasoline-powered vehicles with a
goal of decreasing emissions from liquid fuels. The regulations require
automakers to limit average greenhouse-gas emissions across their vehi-
cle feets and manufacture a certain percentage of electric vehicles.
Several producers of fuels such as gasoline and ethanol sued EPA in the
D. C. Circuit, arguing that EPA lacked authority to approve the Califor-
nia regulations because they target global climate change rather than
local California air quality problems as required by the Clean Air Act.
They submitted standing declarations explaining that California's regu-
lations depress demand for liquid fuel by requiring vehicles that use less
Page Proof Pending Publication
or no liquid fuel, causing the fuel producers monetary injury. Califor-
nia's own estimates indicated the regulations would cause substantial
reductions in demand for gasoline exceeding $1 billion beginning in 2020
and increasing to over $10 billion in 2030.
EPA did not challenge the fuel producers' standing in the D. C. Cir-
cuit. California, as well as other States adopting California's regula-
tions, intervened to defend EPA's approval. California argued that the
fuel producers lacked standing because automobile manufacturers would
not change course if EPA's decision were vacated given the "surging
consumer demand" for electric vehicles. The D. C. Circuit held that the
fuel producers lacked Article III standing, fnding they failed to estab-
lish that automakers would likely respond to invalidation of the regula-
tions by producing fewer electric vehicles and more gasoline-powered
vehicles.
Held: The fuel producers have Article III standing to challenge EPA's
approval of the California regulations. Pp. 110 -- 126.
(a) Article III limits federal court jurisdiction to "Cases" and "Con-
troversies," requiring plaintiffs to demonstrate standing by showing
three elements: injury in fact, causation, and redressability. Injury in
fact requires a " `concrete,' " "particularized" injury that is "actual or
imminent." FDA v. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine,. Causation requires showing "the injury was likely caused by the
 Cite as: (2025) 101

Syllabus

defendant." TransUnion LLC v. Ramirez,. Re-
dressability requires demonstrating that judicial relief would likely re-
dress the injury. Ibid. When a plaintiff is not the direct object of
government regulation, causation and redressability often depend on
how third parties not before the court will predictably respond to the
regulation or judicial relief. Pp. 110 -- 113.
(b) The fuel producers' injury in fact and causation are straightfor-
ward and undisputed. The fuel producers make money by selling fuel,
so decreased purchases of gasoline and other liquid fuels resulting from
California's regulations constitute monetary injury. EPA's approval au-
thorized California and 17 other States to enforce regulations requiring
lower emissions and vehicle electrifcation, thereby reducing liquid fuel
purchases. The regulations likely cause the fuel producers' monetary
injuries because reducing gasoline and diesel fuel consumption is the
whole point of the regulations.
The fuel producers also satisfy redressability. Even minimal addi-
tional revenue would satisfy this requirement, and invalidating the
regulations would likely result in more revenue from additional fuel
sales based on commonsense economic principles and record evidence.
Pp. 113 -- 124.
(1) The fuel producers might be considered direct objects of the
Page Proof Pending Publication
California regulations because the regulations explicitly seek to restrict
gasoline and other liquid fuel use in automobiles. When the govern-
ment prohibits or impedes one company from using another company's
product or service, both companies might be deemed objects of the regu-
lation. See, e. g., Pierce v. Society of Sisters, -- 536;
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. v. United States,. The Court need not resolve this question because the record evi-
dence in this case establishes the fuel producers' standing in any event.
Pp. 114 -- 116.
(2) This case presents the "familiar" circumstance where govern-
ment regulation of one business "may be likely" to cause injuries to
other linked businesses. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S.,
at 384. California's regulations force automakers to manufacture more
electric vehicles and fewer gasoline-powered vehicles, likely causing
downstream economic injuries to fuel producers. Invalidating these
regulations would likely mean more gasoline-powered automobiles and
more fuel sales.
EPA and California argue this case is unusual because the vehicle
market has developed such that automakers would not manufacture
more gasoline-powered cars even if regulations were invalidated. This
argument is undermined by their own actions -- if invalidating the regu-
lations would change nothing, why are they enforcing and defending
102 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Syllabus

them? The whole point of the regulations is to increase electric vehi-
cles beyond what consumers would otherwise demand and manufactur-
ers would otherwise produce.
Record evidence confrms that invalidating the regulations would
likely redress the fuel producers' monetary injury. First, the fuel pro-
ducers' declarations quote California's own estimates of substantial re-
ductions in gasoline demand and note California's recognition that fuel
providers would be "most adversely affected." App. 137. Second, Cal-
ifornia stated in 2021 that the regulations are "critical" for future emis-
sions reductions and submitted expert declarations in 2022 stating that
without the regulations, fewer electric vehicles would be sold and more
gasoline-fueled vehicles would be sold. Id., at 66, 115. Third, EPA
affrmed that California "needs" its standards and credited California's
estimates that the regulations would continue reducing emissions
through at least 2037. 87 Fed. Reg. 14334; 89 Fed. Reg. 82558. Fourth,
fve automakers who invested heavily in electric vehicles intervened
to defend the regulations and predicted that without California's reg-
ulations, other automakers would seek a competitive advantage by sell-
ing fewer electric vehicles and more gasoline-powered vehicles.
Pp. 116 -- 120.
(3) EPA and California argue the fuel producers needed more evi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
dence, such as affdavits from expert economists or directly regulated
automakers. This Court has not demanded such evidence to show how
third parties would likely respond to government regulations. Plain-
tiffs must simply "show a predictable chain of events" that would likely
result from judicial relief. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 602
U. S., at 385. Requiring affdavits from regulated third parties would
make standing dependent on whether the plaintiff and third parties
share litigation interests and whether third parties are willing to pub-
licly oppose the government regulator. Such a heightened requirement
would close the courthouse doors to many traditional challenges to
agency action. Pp. 120 -- 121.
(4) This case does not involve the rare instance where a market has
likely permanently changed such that invalidating a challenged regula-
tion would have no effect on that market. Such instances are rare for
two reasons. First, governments do not usually continue enforcing and
defending regulations that have no continuing effect. Second, the ef-
fect of regulations like these depend on interrelated economic forces
that change over time, so courts should be wary of claims that invalidat-
ing important regulations would have zero impact on dynamic, heavily
regulated markets. The evidence that some automakers are in compli-
ance with California's mandates suggests regulatory effect, not absence
 Cite as: (2025) 103

Syllabus

of effect, and does not demonstrate how all automakers would respond
to invalidation. Pp. 121 -- 124.
98 F. 4th 288, reversed and remanded.

Kavanaugh, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Thomas, Alito, Kagan, Gorsuch, and Barrett, JJ., joined.
Sotomayor, J., post, p. 126, and Jackson, J., post, p. 128, fled dissenting
opinions.

Jeffrey B. Wall argued the cause for petitioners. With
him on the briefs were Morgan L. Ratner, Leslie B. Arffa,
Brittany M. Pemberton, Eric D. McArthur, Carter G. Phil-
lips, Matthew W. Morrison, Shelby L. Dyl, Michael Busch-
bacher, Jared M. Kelson, and Richard S. Moskowitz.
Deputy Solicitor General Kneedler argued the cause for
federal respondents. On the brief were Acting Solicitor
General Harris, Acting Assistant Attorney General Gustaf-
son, Deputy Solicitor General Stewart, Matthew Guarnieri,
and James Payne.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Joshua A. Klein, Deputy Solicitor General of California,
argued the cause for state respondents. With him on the
brief were Rob Bonta, Attorney General, Michael J. Mon-
gan, Solicitor General, Tracy Winsor, Senior Assistant At-
torney General, Teresa A. Reed Dippo, Deputy Solicitor
General, Theodore McCombs, Caitlan McLoon, Elaine
Meckenstock, and Jonathan Wiener, Deputy Attorneys Gen-
eral, and Haley L. Amster, Associate Deputy Solicitor Gen-
eral, and by the Attorneys General for their respective juris-
dictions as follows: Philip J. Weiser of Colorado, William
Tong of Connecticut, Kathleen Jennings of Delaware, Brian
L. Schwalb of the District of Columbia, Anne E. Lopez of
Hawaii, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Aaron M. Frey of Maine,
Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Andrea Joy Campbell of
Massachusetts, Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Aaron D. Ford
of Nevada, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey, Raúl Torrez
of New Mexico, Letitia James of New York, Jeff Jackson of
North Carolina, Dan Rayfeld of Oregon, Peter F. Neronha
104 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

of Rhode Island, Charity R. Clark of Vermont, and Nicholas
W. Brown of Washington.*
Justice Kavanaugh delivered the opinion of the Court.
Pursuant to the Clean Air Act, the U. S. Environmental
Protection Agency approved California regulations requir-
ing automakers to alter their feets of new vehicles. Under
those California regulations, automakers must manufacture
more electric vehicles and fewer gasoline-powered vehicles.
The goal is to decrease emissions from the use of gasoline
and other liquid fuels. Producers of gasoline and other liq-
uid fuels sued EPA, arguing that EPA's approval of the Cali-
fornia regulations violated the Clean Air Act.
The sole issue before this Court is whether the fuel pro-
ducers have standing to maintain their suit.
The fuel producers assert that the California regulations
reduce the manufacture and sale of cars powered by gasoline
and other liquid fuels, thereby causing a decrease in sales
Page Proof Pending Publication
of those fuels by the fuel producers. So fuel producers take

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the American
Petroleum Institute by Paul D. Clement and C. Harker Rhodes IV; for the
Cato Institute by Thomas A. Berry and Brent Skorup; for the Chamber
of Commerce of the United States of America et al. by Jaime A. Santos,
William M. Jay, Benjamin Hayes, Jennifer B. Dickey, and Andrew R.
Varcoe; for the Foothill Church et al. by Rory T. Gray and John J. Bursch;
for the Sulphur Institute by Patrick F. Philbin and Chase Harrington;
for the Texas Oil & Gas Association et al. by James K. Vines and Samuel
P. Funk; for the Texas Royalty Council et al. by Ivan L. London; for The
Two Hundred for Homeownership by Rafe Petersen; and for the Western
States Petroleum Association et al. by Katherine C. Yarger.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the International
Council on Clean Transportation et al. by Matthew D. Zinn; and for F.
Andrew Hessick, pro se, and Richard A. Simpson.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for Advancing American Freedom
et al. by J. Marc Wheat; for ConservAmerica Inc. by John A. Sheehan; for
Our Children's Trust et al. by Julia A. Olson, Andrea K. Rodgers, Philip
L. Gregory, and Lucia Goin; and for Heather Elliott et al. by Benjamin
W. Berkowitz and Andrew F. Dawson.
 Cite as: (2025) 105

Opinion of the Court

in less revenue than they would in a free market. Invali-
dating the regulations, they say, would remove a regulatory
impediment to their ability to fully compete in the market.
And without California's regulations in effect, manufacturers
would likely make more cars powered by gasoline and other
liquid fuels, thereby increasing purchases of those fuels and
redressing the fuel producers' injury.
EPA and California dispute redressability. They suggest
that, even if the regulations are invalidated, car manufactur-
ers nonetheless would not manufacture more gasoline-
powered cars. They posit that the California regulations no
longer have any impact because, in a free market, consumer
demand for and manufacturers' supply of electric vehicles
would still supposedly exceed what the California regula-
tions mandate.
Based on this Court's precedents and the evidence in the
record, we hold that the fuel producers have standing. We
therefore reverse the contrary judgment of the U. S. Court
Page Proof Pending Publication
of Appeals for the D. C. Circuit and remand for that court to
consider the merits of the fuel producers' legal claims.

I
A
As relevant here, the Clean Air Act requires the Environ-
mental Protection Agency, or EPA, to periodically "pre-
scribe... standards" that limit emissions of certain air pol-
lutants from new motor vehicles. 42 U. S. C. (1).
To promote uniformity in vehicle emissions regulations, the
Act also preempts state standards "relating to the control of
emissions from new motor vehicles.".
But the Act's preemption provision exempts California.
Under certain circumstances, California may adopt emissions
standards for new motor vehicles that are more stringent
than EPA's. California may do so when it concludes that
more stringent standards are needed to meet "compelling
and extraordinary conditions." (1)(B). Other
106 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

States may also adopt California's stricter limits on emis-
sions from new motor vehicles, but may not adopt or enforce
state standards that differ from California's..
The upshot of this system is that EPA sets nationwide
emissions standards for new motor vehicles; California in
limited circumstances may set more stringent emissions
standards for vehicles sold in the State; and other States
may either follow EPA's standards or adopt California's but
may not set their own.
Over the years, California has often requested and re-
ceived EPA approval for stricter emissions standards to
combat local California air-quality problems like smog. See,
e. g., 38 Fed. Reg. 10319 (1973).
Beginning in 2005, California also attempted to use its
unique preemption exception as one means to address global
climate change. As relevant here, the State asked EPA for
approval of regulations that limit greenhouse-gas emissions
Page Proof Pending Publication
and force electrifcation of the new vehicle feet sold in the
State. See 73 Fed. Reg. 12157 (2008).
In 2008, under the George W. Bush administration, EPA
denied California's frst such request. EPA explained that
the Clean Air Act permits California to enact standards to
address local and regional pollution where the causal factors
are tied to California. But EPA reasoned that the authority
granted to California did not extend to efforts to combat
global climate change. See id., at 12156 -- 12157, 12168.
Since then, as Presidential administrations have come and
gone, EPA has repeatedly altered its legal position on
whether the Clean Air Act authorizes California regulations
targeting greenhouse-gas emissions from new motor
vehicles.
This case involves California's 2012 request for EPA ap-
proval of new California regulations. As relevant here,
those regulations generally require automakers (i) to limit
average greenhouse-gas emissions across their feets of new
motor vehicles sold in the State and (ii) to manufacture a
 Cite as: (2025) 107

Opinion of the Court

certain percentage of electric vehicles as part of their vehicle
feets. Cal. Code Regs., tit. 13,.3, 1962.2 (2022).
The greenhouse-gas emissions limits remain in force indef-
nitely into the future, and the specifc requirements for elec-
tric vehicles in new vehicle feets run through model year
2025. See ibid. (EPA has separately approved a new Cali-
fornia electric-vehicle mandate that applies through model
year 2035 and beyond; that separate set of regulations is not
at issue in this suit.1)
Under President Obama, EPA reversed its legal position
and, in 2013, allowed the California regulations to take ef-
fect. 78 Fed. Reg. 2112 (2013). Then in 2019, under Presi-
dent Trump, EPA fipped back and rescinded approval of the
California regulations. 84 Fed. Reg. 51328 (2019). In 2022,
under President Biden, EPA again reversed course and rein-
stated approval of California's regulations. 87 Fed. Reg.
14333 (2022). That is where things stand as of now, al-
though President Trump has directed EPA to again recon-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sider its approval of California's standards. Exec. Order
No. 14154, 90 Fed. Reg. 8353 -- 8354 (2025).
To date, acting pursuant to the Clean Air Act, 17 States
and the District of Columbia have copied California's
greenhouse-gas emissions standards for new motor vehicles,
the electric-vehicle mandate, or both. Together with Cali-
fornia, those jurisdictions account for about 40 percent of
America's market for new cars and light-duty trucks.
B
In 2022, after EPA reinstated approval of California's 2012
regulations, several fuel producers sued EPA in the D. C.
Circuit. The fuel producers primarily argued that EPA
lacked authority under the Clean Air Act to approve the Cal-
ifornia regulations. They reasoned that the regulations did
1
Acting under the Congressional Review Act, Congress recently passed
and the President signed legislation to block that separate set of California
regulations. See H. J. Res. No. 88, 119th Cong., 1st Sess. (2025).
108 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

not target a local California air-quality problem -- as they
say is required by the Clean Air Act -- but instead were de-
signed to address global climate change.
The fuel producers manufacture and sell automobile fuels
such as gasoline, diesel, and ethanol. For example, Ameri-
can Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers is a national trade
association that represents many American fuel companies
that produce and sell gasoline and other liquid fuels for auto-
mobiles. Diamond Alternative Energy sells renewable die-
sel, an alternative to traditional petroleum-derived diesel.
Valero Renewable Fuels Company manufactures and sells
ethanol.
To establish Article III standing for their D. C. Circuit
challenge, the fuel producers submitted 14 declarations and
devoted two pages of their opening brief to standing. In
one declaration, for example, an analyst for American Fuel &
Petrochemical Manufacturers explained that "the demand
Page Proof Pending Publication
for gasoline and diesel fuel will be depressed" by California's
regulations (also adopted by 17 other States) because they
"require the sale of vehicles that use less gasoline and diesel
fuel" or "use no liquid fuel at all." App. 172 -- 174. As sup-
port, the declaration quoted California's own estimate that
"its regulations would cause `substantial reductions in de-
mand for gasoline exceeding $1 billion beginning in 2020 and
increasing to over $10 billion in 2030.' " Id., at 173. Vari-
ous fuel producers further stated that those "injuries would
be substantially ameliorated if EPA's decision" to reinstate
the waiver "were set aside." Id., at 137, 181.
Notably, in the D. C. Circuit, EPA did not argue that the
fuel producers lacked Article III standing. EPA's silence on
standing was telling -- the proverbial dog that did not bark -- 
because EPA routinely challenges a party's standing when
the agency believes that injury in fact, causation, or redress-
ability is questionable. So EPA's failure to do so here tends
to suggest that EPA believed that the fuel producers had
standing.
 Cite as: (2025) 109

Opinion of the Court

California, along with other States that chose to adopt Cal-
ifornia's regulations, intervened in the D. C. Circuit to defend
EPA's approval of those regulations. To support its motion
to intervene, California submitted declarations emphasizing
the importance of the regulations -- now and in the future -- 
to meeting California's emissions-control goals. For exam-
ple, a California offcial responsible for Clean Air Act compli-
ance stated that, without the regulations, "it is reasonable to
expect that there would be fewer " electric vehicles
"produced and sold..., and thus additional gasoline-fueled
vehicles produced and sold during these model years." Id.,
at 110. All of that "would increase criteria pollutant emis-
sions," as California's own "modeling has confrmed." Ibid.
Another California offcial explained that invalidating the
feet-wide emissions standards and electric-vehicle mandate
"would result in higher greenhouse gas and criteria pollutant
emissions" from the "additional gasoline-fueled cars" that
Page Proof Pending Publication
would be produced and sold. Id., at 115.
After the D. C. Circuit granted California's motion to in-
tervene, however, California completely changed its tune
about the continuing impact of the regulations. In its mer-
its briefng in that court, California suddenly argued that the
fuel producers lacked Article III standing because they had
not "established any probability" that automobile "manu-
facturers would change course if EPA's decision were va-
cated." Brief for State and Local Government Respondent-
Intervenors in No. 22 -- 1081 (CADC), p. 15. Specifcally,
California suggested that because of supposed "surging con-
sumer demand" for electric vehicles, invalidating the feet-
wide emissions standards and electric-vehicle mandate
would not cause vehicle manufacturers to make more
gasoline-powered vehicles. Id., at 14. Therefore, Califor-
nia argued that judicial invalidation of the California regula-
tions was not likely to redress the fuel producers' injuries.
The D. C. Circuit agreed with California and held that the
fuel producers lacked Article III standing. Ohio v. EPA, 98
110 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

F. 4th 288, 300 (2024). The court explained that redressabil-
ity depended on how third-party automakers would act in
the absence of California's feet-wide emissions standards
and electric-vehicle mandate. According to the D. C. Cir-
cuit, the fuel producers failed to "cite any record evidence"
or "fle additional affdavits or other evidence" demonstrat-
ing that automakers would respond to invalidation of the
regulations by producing fewer electric vehicles and more
gasoline-powered vehicles. Id., at 303 (quotation marks and
alteration omitted).2
This Court granted certiorari limited to the question of
whether the fuel producers have Article III standing. (2024).
II
Article III of the Constitution confnes the jurisdiction of
federal courts to "Cases" and "Controversies.", cl. 1.
For a lawsuit to constitute a case within the meaning of Arti-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cle III, the plaintiff must have standing to sue. To demon-
strate standing, plaintiffs must answer a basic question -- 
" `What's it to you?' " FDA v. Alliance for Hippocratic
Medicine, (2024) ). In
other words, plaintiffs must show that they possess "a `per-
sonal stake' in the dispute" and are not mere bystanders.

2
The D. C. Circuit opined that the California regulations expire after
model year 2025, making it unlikely that automakers would "change
course" even if the court "were to vacate the waiver." 98 F. 4th, at 302.
In its briefng before this Court, EPA acknowledged that the D. C. Circuit
was factually incorrect on that point -- California in fact may keep its feet-
wide emissions standards in place indefnitely into the future. Brief for
Federal Respondents in Opposition 12 -- 13; see Cal. Code Regs., tit. 13,.3(a). It may be that some of the D. C. Circuit's standing analysis
stemmed from a misunderstanding about when the California feet-wide
emissions standards expire.
 Cite as: (2025) 111

Opinion of the Court

602 U. S., at 379 ).
"By limiting who can sue, the standing requirement imple-
ments `the Framers' concept of the proper -- and properly
limited -- role of the courts in a democratic society.' " 602
U. S., at 380 ). Standing
doctrine also " `tends to assure that the legal questions
presented to the court will be resolved, not in the rarifed
atmosphere of a debating society, but in a concrete factual
context conducive to a realistic appreciation of the conse-
quences of judicial action.' " 602 U. S., at 379 ).
This Court's "cases have established that the irreducible
constitutional minimum of standing contains three ele-
ments": injury in fact, causation, and redressability. Lujan
Page Proof Pending Publication
v. Defenders of Wildlife, (1992).
The frst requirement, injury in fact, requires the plaintiff
to demonstrate an injury that is "concrete," "particularized,"
and "actual or imminent, not speculative." Alliance for
Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 381 (quotation marks
omitted). "Monetary costs are of course an injury. "
United States v. Texas, (2023).
The second and third requirements, causation and redress-
ability, are usually "fip sides of the same coin." Alliance
for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 380 (quotation marks
omitted). Causation requires the plaintiff to show "that the
injury was likely caused by the defendant," and redressabil-
ity requires the plaintiff to demonstrate "that the injury
would likely be redressed by judicial relief." TransUnion,
594 U. S., at 423. "If a defendant's action causes an injury,
enjoining the action or awarding damages for the action will
typically redress that injury." Alliance for Hippocratic
Medicine, 602 U. S., at 381. To be sure, redressability "can
112 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

still pose an independent bar in some cases," but "the two
key questions in most standing disputes are injury in fact
and causation." Id., at 381, and. The additional re-
dressability requirement generally serves to ensure that
there is a suffcient "relationship between `the judicial relief
requested' and the `injury' suffered." California v. Texas,
(2021) ); see Haaland v. Brackeen, -- 293 (2023).
Importantly, if a plaintiff is "an object of the action (or
forgone action) at issue," then "there is ordinarily little ques-
tion that the action or inaction has caused him injury, and
that a judgment preventing or requiring the action will re-
dress it." Lujan, 504 U. S., at 561 -- 562.
When the plaintiff is not the object of a government regu-
lation, however, causation and redressability often depend on
how regulated third parties not before the court will act in
response to the government regulation or judicial relief.
Page Proof Pending Publication
See Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 383.
Courts must distinguish the "predictable" from the "specula-
tive" effects of government action or judicial relief on third
parties. Ibid.; see also Department of Commerce v. New
York, (2019). With respect to causation
(and redressability), a court must conclude that " `third par-
ties will likely react' " to the government regulation (or judi-
cial relief) " `in predictable ways' " that will likely cause (or
redress) the plaintiff's injury. Alliance for Hippocratic
Medicine, 602 U. S., at 383.
Here, the fuel producers say that they suffered injury in
fact caused by the California regulations. They point out
that the entire purpose of California's feet-wide emissions
standards and electric-vehicle mandate is to reduce the use
of gasoline and other liquid fuels in motor vehicles as com-
pared to what otherwise would occur in a free market. The
regulations cause automakers to, among other things, pro-
duce fewer gasoline-powered vehicles. That in turn causes
 Cite as: (2025) 113

Opinion of the Court

fewer gasoline sales, leading to a monetary injury in fact for
producers of gasoline and other liquid fuels.
As to redressability, the fuel producers say that invalidat-
ing the California regulations would likely redress their in-
jury because it would remove a regulatory impediment to
the sale and use of their products. They further contend
that, absent the regulations, automakers would likely
produce fewer electric vehicles and more gasoline-powered
vehicles. Production of those vehicles would predictably
lead to more purchases of gasoline and other liquid fuels sold
by the fuel producers. In short, they argue that when the
government tells automakers to make more cars that use less
gasoline, there should be little question that the gasoline pro-
ducers have standing to sue.
In this Court, neither EPA nor California meaningfully
disputes injury in fact or causation. But they argue that the
fuel producers did not establish redressability. According to
EPA and California, even if the California regulations are
Page Proof Pending Publication
invalidated, the fuel producers have not shown that vehicle
manufacturers would reduce the percentage of their feets
that consist of electric vehicles (or otherwise stated, increase
the percentage that consists of gasoline-powered vehicles).
EPA and California suggest that the automobile market has
changed -- apparently permanently in their view -- and strong
consumer demand for (and manufacturers' supply of) electric
vehicles means that automakers are unlikely to manufacture
or sell any additional gasoline-powered cars even if the Cali-
fornia regulations are invalidated.

III
We hold that the fuel producers have standing to sue.
To begin, the injury in fact and causation elements of the
fuel producers' standing, which no party disputes, are
straightforward.
As for injury in fact, the fuel producers make money by
selling fuel. Therefore, the decrease in purchases of gaso-
line and other liquid fuels resulting from the California regu-
114 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

lations hurts their bottom line. Those monetary costs "are
of course an injury." United States v. Texas, (2023).
As for causation, EPA's approval authorized California
(and ultimately 17 other States) to enforce regulations that
require lower feet-wide greenhouse-gas emissions and the
electrifcation of automakers' vehicle feets, thereby reducing
purchases of liquid fuels such as gasoline. The regulations
likely cause fuel producers' monetary injuries because the
regulations likely cause a decrease in purchases of gasoline
and other liquid fuels for automobiles. Indeed, that is the
whole point of the regulations.
As for redressability, invalidating the California regula-
tions would likely redress at least some of the fuel producers'
monetary injuries.3 Even "one dollar" of additional revenue
for the fuel producers would satisfy the redressability com-
ponent of Article III standing. Uzuegbunam v. Preczewski,
(2021). And as we will explain, it is
Page Proof Pending Publication
"likely" that invalidating the California regulations would
result in more revenue for the fuel producers from additional
sales of gasoline and other liquid fuels. FDA v. Alliance for
Hippocratic Medicine, (2024).

A
When a plaintiff is the "object" of a government regula-
tion, there should "ordinarily" be "little question" that the
regulation causes injury to the plaintiff and that invalidating
the regulation would redress the plaintiff's injuries. Lujan
v. Defenders of Wildlife, (1992).
The fuel producers here might be considered an object of
the California regulations because the regulations explicitly
3
In this opinion, we use the term "invalidated" as shorthand to describe
the result from setting aside EPA's approval of the California regulations.
Under D. C. Circuit precedent, setting aside EPA's approval would mean
that California may not enforce its greenhouse-gas emissions limits and
electric-vehicle mandate for new vehicle feets.
 Cite as: (2025) 115

Opinion of the Court

seek to restrict the use of gasoline and other liquid fuels
in automobiles. When the government prohibits or impedes
Company A from using Company B's product, then both
Company A and Company B might be deemed objects of the
government action at issue. For example, if the govern-
ment bans hot dog sales in stadiums, then hot dog manufac-
turers, not just stadiums, might be considered objects of the
regulation. If the government prohibits aluminum bats in
Little League, then aluminum bat manufacturers, not only
Little League, might be objects of the regulation. If the
government bans bookstores from selling certain publishers'
books, then those publishers, not just bookstores, might be
objects of the regulation. See Bennett v. Spear, (1997); Energy Future Coalition v. EPA, 793 F. 3d
141, 144 -- 145 (CADC 2015).
This Court has applied principles of that kind in various
contexts. For example, when a State prohibited parents
Page Proof Pending Publication
from sending their children to private schools, affected
schools had standing to sue, even though parents were the
directly regulated parties. See Pierce v. Society of Sisters,
-- 536 (1925). And when the Federal Com-
munications Commission announced that it would deny a li-
cense to any broadcasting station that conducted certain
business with broadcasting networks, a broadcasting net-
work (CBS) had standing to sue even though broadcasting
stations were the directly regulated parties. See Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. v. United States, (1942).
According to the fuel producers, when a regulation targets
the provider of a product or service by limiting another enti-
ty's use of that product or service, the targeted provider or-
dinarily has standing -- without the need for much additional
analysis. See Bennett, 520 U. S., at 169. So too here, ac-
cording to the fuel producers. As they see it, the govern-
ment is targeting the use of gasoline and other liquid fuels
by regulating at the assembly line rather than the gas pump.
116 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

Either way, they say that the California regulations pose a
legal barrier to the fuel producers' sale of their products and
deny them the opportunity to compete in the marketplace
without government interference. And the fuel producers
assert that removing a coercive government standard that
restricts the use of their products would allow them to com-
pete more fully in the marketplace and thus provide redress
for purposes of Article III. See ibid.; Energy Future Coali-
tion, 793 F. 3d, at 144 -- 145.
That argument is not without force and, at a minimum,
highlights how the government might seek to indirectly tar-
get a product or service "through a conduit" in addition to
regulating it directly. Brief for Petitioners 43. But we ul-
timately need not further consider that argument in this case
because, regardless, the fuel producers have readily demon-
strated their standing.
B

Page
This caseProof Pending
presents what Publication
the Court has described as the
"familiar" circumstance where government regulation of a
business "may be likely" to cause injuries to other linked
businesses. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S.,
at 384. As the Court has explained, "when the government
regulates (or under-regulates) a business, the regulation (or
lack thereof) may cause downstream or upstream economic
injuries to others in the chain, such as certain manufacturers,
retailers, suppliers, competitors, or customers." Ibid.
In cases of that kind, this Court's analysis of causation and
redressability has recognized commonsense economic reali-
ties. When third party behavior is predictable, common-
sense inferences may be drawn. Importantly, EPA agrees
that "commonsense economic principles" can be useful when
evaluating Article III standing. Brief for Federal Respond-
ents 39.
In this case, those commonsense economic principles sup-
port the fuel producers' standing. The California regula-
tions force automakers to manufacture more electric vehicles
 Cite as: (2025) 117

Opinion of the Court

and fewer gasoline-powered vehicles. See Bennett, 520
U. S., at 169.4 The standards force automakers to produce a
feet of vehicles that, as a whole, uses signifcantly less gaso-
line and other liquid fuels. California's regulation of auto-
makers' vehicle feets in turn will likely "cause downstream
or upstream economic injuries to others in the chain," such
as producers of gasoline and other liquid fuels. Alliance for
Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 384.
By the same token, the fuel producers persuasively con-
tend that invalidating California's regulations would likely
mean more gasoline-powered automobiles, which would in
turn likely mean more sales of gasoline and other liquid fuels
by the fuel producers. See Bennett, 520 U. S., at 170 -- 171.
Because the fuel producers have suffered classic monetary
injury caused by a government regulatory action, it would
be surprising and unusual if invalidating the regulations did
not redress the fuel producers' injuries. See Alliance for
Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 381 ("If a defendant's ac-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion causes an injury, enjoining the action... will typically
redress that injury"). After all, the fact that a regulation
was designed to produce a particular effect on the market
ordinarily means that the likely result of vacating that regu-
lation would be to reduce that effect on the market. Cf.
Lujan, 504 U. S., at 561 -- 562.
EPA and California push back on that reasoning, asserting
that this case is unusual and does not ft the typical pattern.
They suggest that the new vehicle market has developed
in a way that even if the California regulations are invali-
4
Recall that the California regulations at issue impose a direct electric-
vehicle mandate along with feet-wide limits on average greenhouse-gas
emissions from new motor vehicles. Automakers may comply with the
feet-wide emissions limits by producing more electric vehicles, more low-
emission vehicles, or both. See Cal. Code Regs., tit. 13,.3(a)(1),
(a)(4). For the sake of simplicity, we refer to the production of additional
electric vehicles, recognizing that some manufacturers may also (or alter-
natively) manufacture additional low-emission vehicles to comply with Cal-
ifornia's feet-wide emissions limits.
118 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

dated, automakers would not likely manufacture or sell more
gasoline-powered cars than they do now.
To begin with, that is an odd argument for EPA and Cali-
fornia to advance. After all, if invalidating the regulations
would change nothing in the market, why are EPA and Cali-
fornia enforcing and defending the regulations? The whole
point of the regulations is to increase the number of electric
vehicles in the new automobile market beyond what consum-
ers would otherwise demand and what automakers would
otherwise manufacture and sell. And EPA and California
are presumably defending the regulations because they think
that the regulations still make a difference in the market.
In all events, record evidence confrms what common sense
tells us: Invalidating the regulations likely (not certainly, but
likely) would make a difference for fuel producers because
automakers would likely manufacture more vehicles that run
on gasoline and other liquid fuels.
Page Proof Pending Publication
First, the fuel producers' standing declarations explain
that California's regulations have historically harmed the
fuel producers by causing a decrease in purchases of fuel.
The declarations further quote California's estimate that its
standards would produce " `substantial reductions in demand
for gasoline exceeding $1 billion beginning in 2020 and in-
creasing to over $10 billion in 2030.' " App. 173. The fuel producers' declarations emphasize, more-
over, that California itself asserted that the State's stand-
ards would reduce emissions partly through " `reductions in
fuel production.' " Id., at 148. The declarations also note
that California recognized that the "oil and gas industry" and
"fuel providers" would likely be "most adversely affected"
by the regulations due to "the resulting substantial reduc-
tions in demand for gasoline." Id., at 137 (quotation marks
omitted).
Second, the record reveals that California itself stated in
2021, when asking EPA to reinstate the regulations, that the
regulations are "critical not just for immediate emissions re-
 Cite as: (2025) 119

Opinion of the Court

ductions" but also for "greater emission reductions in the
future." Id., at 66. And after the fuel
producers sued EPA in 2022, California moved to intervene
and attached expert declarations stating that California's
standards are likely to decrease fuel use. Specifcally, Cali-
fornia's experts opined that absent California's regulations,
"fewer" electric vehicles "are likely to be sold than would
otherwise have been... and thus additional gasoline-fueled
vehicles would be sold." Id., at 115; see also id., at 110.
California itself therefore acknowledged that its regulations
were still having an impact and that invalidating the regula-
tions would likely affect the automobile market and increase
demand for gasoline and other liquid fuels.
Third, EPA too has stated that the California regulations
are likely to reduce consumption of fuel. When approving
California's regulations, EPA repeatedly affrmed that Cali-
fornia "needs" its standards "to address compelling and
Page Proof Pending Publication
extraordinary air quality conditions in the state." 87 Fed.
Reg. 14334; see id., at 14353. And in proposing to amend
California's state implementation plan under the Clean Air
Act more than two years after this suit was fled, EPA
credited California's estimates that the regulations would
continue reducing greenhouse-gas emissions in California
through at least 2037. 89 Fed. Reg. 82558 (2024).
Fourth, fve automakers who have invested heavily in elec-
tric vehicles -- and thus have an interest in the government
continuing to support and favor that market -- intervened on
the side of EPA and California in the Court of Appeals.
Their motion to intervene predicted that, absent California's
regulations, other automakers would seek a competitive ad-
vantage over them by selling fewer electric vehicles and
more gasoline-powered vehicles. See Motion To Intervene
of Ford Motor Co. et al. in No. 22 -- 1081 (CADC), pp. 4,
11 -- 12, 14. As with California's motion to intervene, the
automakers' assessment that the regulations make a differ-
ence -- and that invalidating them would make a difference -- 
120 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

indicates that the regulations are still likely having a real-
world impact on the automobile market.
In short, the commonsense economic inferences about the
operation of the automobile market -- combined with the
statements of the fuel producers, California, EPA, and the
vehicle manufacturers -- make it suffciently "predictable"
that invalidating California's regulations would likely re-
dress the fuel producers' injury. Alliance for Hippocratic
Medicine, 602 U. S., at 383.
Article III's redressability requirement serves to align in-
juries and remedies. The primary goals of that requirement
are to ensure that plaintiffs do not sue the wrong parties and
that courts do not issue advisory opinions. The redressabil-
ity requirement should not be misused, however, to prevent
the targets of government regulations from challenging reg-
ulations that threaten their businesses. EPA and California
cite no case where Article III's redressability requirement
has been applied to prevent challenges to a regulation set-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ting a permanent ceiling on the sale or use of a business's
products. Here, the fuel producers have established their
standing to challenge EPA's approval of the California
regulations.5
C
EPA and California further argue, however, that the fuel
producers had to introduce still more evidence -- for example,
affdavits either from expert economists or from directly reg-
ulated automakers explaining how they would respond to a
court order invalidating California's regulations. See Brief
for Federal Respondents 17 -- 18, 43 -- 44; Brief for State Re-
spondents 13.
We disagree. This Court has not demanded that plaintiffs
introduce evidence from expert economists or from directly
regulated third parties to show how third parties would
5
We need not decide whether every piece of record evidence described
above is necessary to establish standing here. The totality of record evi-
dence, along with commonsense inferences about market realities, readily
suffces to demonstrate standing.
 Cite as: (2025) 121

Opinion of the Court

likely respond to a government regulation or invalidation
thereof. Rather, to show redressability, the plaintiff must
simply "show a predictable chain of events" that would likely
result from judicial relief and redress the plaintiff's injury.
Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 385. In De-
partment of Commerce v. New York, to take just one exam-
ple, this Court considered a challenge by several States and
other plaintiffs to the Government's decision to reinstate a
citizenship question on the census. -- 759
(2019). The States argued that reinstating the question
would likely cause noncitizens to respond to the census at
lower rates, thereby causing noncitizen residents of the
States to be undercounted, and in turn leading to reduced
representation and other harms for those States. Id., at
766 -- 767. The Court did not require the States to produce
affdavits or testimony from noncitizens explaining that they
would not respond to the census in light of the citizenship
question.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Requiring the plaintiff to produce affdavits from regu-
lated parties would be especially problematic in cases of this
kind. It would render the plaintiff 's ability to obtain judi-
cial review dependent on the happenstance of whether the
plaintiff and the relevant regulated parties are aligned and
share litigation interests -- and whether the regulated party
is willing to publicly oppose (and possibly antagonize) the
government regulator by supporting the plaintiff's suit.
Such a rule would create incentives for gamesmanship and
could make it diffcult or impossible to establish standing in
cases where the standing analysis should be straightforward.
A heightened "proof of redressability" requirement of that
kind would ultimately close the courthouse doors to many
traditional challenges to agency action. Cf. id., at 768.
Such a rule has little to commend it, and we decline to
adopt it.
D
In ruling against EPA and California, we recognize that
there may conceivably be some atypical instances where a
122 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

market has permanently and dramatically changed such that
invalidating a challenged regulation would have no effect on
the market in question, thereby defeating redressability.6
But that is likely to be a fairly rare and unusual scenario, for
a couple of reasons.
First, we can assume that governments do not usually con-
tinue to enforce and defend regulations that have no continu-
ing effect in the relevant market. EPA and California con-
tinue to enforce these regulations, and for three years, EPA
and California have tenaciously defended them in court. So
it is diffcult to put much stock in their suggestion that invali-
dating the regulations (in California and 17 other States)
would have zero effect on the new vehicle market in America
both now and in the future. Simply put, EPA's and Cali-
fornia's own actions -- their statements, their enforcement
decisions, their litigation positions -- undermine the central
premise of their redressability argument. When as here a
government seeks to justify its regulatory actions by, on the
Page Proof Pending Publication
one hand, touting the consequences for fuel usage and emis-
sions while, on the other, maintaining that those same regu-
lations are unreviewable because there are no consequences,
courts can appropriately be skeptical. Judges "are `not re-
quired to exhibit a naiveté from which ordinary citizens are
free.' " Department of Commerce, 588 U. S., at 785 
(Friendly, J.)).
Second, EPA and California's view of redressability fails to
account for dynamic markets and the effects of interrelated
economic forces and regulatory programs that change over
time. Supply and demand may depend on, among other
things, the strength of the overall economy, regulatory emis-
sions standards, international developments, government
subsidies to particular industries, and tax incentives, among
many other factors. Predicting developments in complex
6
Or a regulation may have expired, making the legal challenge moot.
But that scenario is covered by mootness doctrine, not redressability.
 Cite as: (2025) 123

Opinion of the Court

markets can be a diffcult and uncertain endeavor, particu-
larly when various governments' regulatory, spending, and
tax policies are at play.7
To deny standing based on a theory that invalidating an
important regulation would actually have zero impact on a
dynamic and heavily regulated market requires a degree of
economic and political clairvoyance that is diffcult for a court
to maintain. That is particularly so when the government
regulation itself may be skewing the market at issue. So
courts should exercise caution before denying standing be-
cause of a claimed lack of redressability rooted in question-
able economic speculation.
In advancing their argument, EPA and California also
point out that some automakers are now in compliance with
California's regulatory mandates. But that is not surpris-
ing. Compliance with government regulation usually sug-
gests regulatory effect, not the absence of effect. Nor is
Page Proof Pending Publication
such compliance especially probative of how all automakers
are acting or would respond to a court order invalidating
California's regulations -- including in the 17 other States
that have adopted those regulations. In the D. C. Circuit,
California pointed to evidence that seven automakers had
announced future plans to sell more electric vehicles than

7
Even if it appears that a market may have temporarily rendered a
regulation irrelevant, the market may shift again. This market may be
an example. Even supposing that California's regulations as of 2022 were
momentarily having no continuing effect on the automobile market due to
surging consumer demand for electric vehicles, the demand for electric
vehicles may have slowed or at least not matched what might have been
anticipated. See, e. g., I. Penn, Electric Vehicles Died a Century Ago.
Could That Happen Again? N. Y. Times, May 27, 2025, section B, p. 1; R.
Felton, EV Sales Streak Grinds to a Sudden Halt, Wall Street Journal,
May 8, 2025; Carmakers Scale Down Electrifcation Plans as EV Demand
Slows, Reuters, Sept. 12, 2024; C. Otts, GM Delays Electric Vehicle Build-
out in New Sign of Weakening Demand, Wall Street Journal, July 24, 2024;
J. Ewing, Carmakers Downshift on E.V. Spending as Sales Growth Slows,
N. Y. Times, Nov. 10, 2023, section B, p. 1.
124 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

California's regulations required. Brief for State and Local
Government Respondent-Intervenors in No. 22 -- 1081, at 14.
But California offered no evidence that the cited press re-
leases from seven automakers represented commitments
defnite enough to withstand potential future market fuctu-
ations and regulatory changes. Nor did California offer evi-
dence that the statements of those seven automakers repre-
sented the likely behavior of the entire automaking industry,
including potential new market entrants. Recall that the
automakers' own motion to intervene in the Court of Appeals
suggested otherwise -- that if the regulations were invali-
dated, other automakers would seek a competitive advantage
by manufacturing more gasoline-powered cars.
In sum, this case does not present the unusual scenario
where invalidating a challenged government restriction on
businesses in a competitive market is not likely to have any
effect. Here, it may not be certain, but it is at least "pre-
dictable" that invalidating the California regulations would
Page Proof Pending Publication
likely result in the fuel producers ultimately selling more
gasoline and other liquid fuels. See Alliance for Hippo-
cratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 383.

E
Two of our colleagues have filed dissenting opinions.
They primarily object to the Court's decision to grant certio-
rari in this case. But having granted certiorari, we proceed
to decide the question presented for our review.
Justice Sotomayor suggests that the D. C. Circuit's erro-
neous standing analysis was attributable to its misunder-
standing about the duration of California's feet-wide emis-
sions standards. See post, at 127 (dissenting opinion). So in
her view, the Court need only correct that factual misunder-
standing and remand the case to the D. C. Circuit. See post,
at 128. But the D. C. Circuit's standing analysis did not rest
entirely on that misunderstanding. And neither EPA nor
California asked for such a remand -- even though they ac-
 Cite as: (2025) 125

Opinion of the Court

knowledged the D. C. Circuit's misunderstanding. More-
over, because this litigation has gone on for three years, we
see no good reason to waste the parties' time and resources
by remanding for further analysis of the standing issue in
the Court of Appeals when the parties have comprehensively
briefed it and we can readily resolve it now.
Justice Jackson separately argues that the Court does
not apply standing doctrine "evenhandedly." Post, at 128
(dissenting opinion). A review of standing cases over the
last few years disproves that suggestion. See, e. g., Alliance
for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 374; United States v.
Texas, 599 U. S., at 674; Haaland v. Brackeen, -- 292 (2023); Reed v. Goertz, (2023);
TransUnion LLC v. Ramirez, -- 418 (2021);
California v. Texas, (2021); Uzuegbunam,
592 U. S., at 282 -- 283; Thole v. U. S. Bank N. A., -- 542 (2020); Department of Commerce, 588 U. S., at
766 -- 768. In this case, as we have explained, this Court's
Page Proof Pending Publication
recent standing precedents support the conclusion that the
fuel producers have standing.

* * *
This case concerns only standing, not the merits. EPA
and California may or may not prevail on the merits in de-
fending EPA's approval of the California regulations. But
the justiciability of the fuel producers' challenge to EPA's
approval of the California regulations is evident. Courts
should not "make standing law more complicated than it
needs to be." Thole v. U. S. Bank N. A., 
(2020). The government generally may not target a busi-
ness or industry through stringent and allegedly unlawful
regulation, and then evade the resulting lawsuits by claiming
that the targets of its regulation should be locked out of
court as unaffected bystanders. In light of this Court's
precedents and the evidence before the Court of Appeals, the
fuel producers established Article III standing to challenge
126 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

EPA's approval of the California regulations. We reverse
the judgment of the Court of Appeals and remand the case
for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
Justice Sotomayor, dissenting.
In May 2022, several businesses in the fuel industry chal-
lenged the Environmental Protection Agency's effective re-
instatement of two California vehicle-emissions rules. The
rules in question aimed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
by requiring vehicle manufacturers to produce more fuel-
effcient cars. Before the D. C. Circuit, petitioners argued,
relying in part on statements from California regulators and
the EPA, that this shift toward fuel effciency would reduce
demand for the fossil fuels they produce, thereby causing
a fnancial injury. Petitioners did not meaningfully address
redressability, likely because they assumed it would follow
Page Proof Pending Publication
naturally from the evidence about injury and causation.
With no dispute over those elements, the case appeared
ready to proceed to the merits.
Then, a factual complication arose. California, which had
intervened to defend its regulations before the D. C. Circuit,
explained that by the time this suit was fled, car manufac-
turers could no longer change their manufacturing schedule
for cars with model years up to 2025. See Brief for Petition-
ers 13 -- 14, 41; Brief for State Respondents 10 -- 11. Evidence
in the record overwhelmingly supported that contention.
See Ohio v. EPA, 98 F. 4th 288, 302 -- 303 (CADC 2024)
(per curiam) (recounting statements to that effect from
Ford, Tesla, Toyota, Chrysler, Hyundai, and Mitsubishi). As
the car manufacturers explained to the court, production
plans are set years in advance and cannot be changed on
short notice. Ibid.
Due in part to petitioners' own briefng, the D. C. Circuit
thought that neither of California's regulations would apply
beyond model year 2025. See Brief for Private Petitioners
 Cite as: (2025) 127

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

in No. 22 -- 1081 (CADC), p. 9 ("The program covers vehicles
from model years 2015 through 2025... "). So, when the
court considered redressability, it asked only whether vaca-
tur of the rules "would be substantially likely to result in
any change to automobile manufacturers' vehicle feets by
Model Year 2025." 98 F. 4th, at 302. On that question, the
evidence did not support petitioners, who bore the burden of
proof to establish redressability. Ibid.; see Lujan v. Defend-
ers of Wildlife, (1992). Thus, the D. C.
Circuit dismissed the petition for lack of standing. 98 F. 4th,
at 306.
Before this Court, the EPA conceded that the D. C. Circuit
had been partly mistaken about the facts. Whereas that
court thought both of California's rules expired with model
year 2025, in fact only one of the two does. See Brief for
Federal Respondents in Opposition 5. That concession
undercut the core factual premise on which the D. C. Circuit's
Page Proof Pending Publication
standing analysis depended. See 98 F. 4th, at 302 -- 303. It
called instead for a new assessment of redressability: Would
manufacturers change their plans for any future, post-2025
model years if the court vacated the fuel-effciency rule?
California now says that, by the time petitioners sued, de-
mand for electric vehicles had expanded so dramatically that
manufacturers would not return to producing more environ-
mentally unfriendly vehicles even if the rules were vacated.
Petitioners say otherwise. Yet the D. C. Circuit never
opined on this purely factual question, and it is hard to see
why this Court should do so in its stead.
Having granted certiorari, the Court relegates to a foot-
note the actual basis for the D. C. Circuit's decision. See
ante, at 110,. A version of that footnote should have been
the Court's entire opinion in this case. For reasons unknown,
the majority instead conjures up a "heightened `proof of re-
dressability' requirement" that the D. C. Circuit did not
adopt and that no party advanced, and then laboriously "de-
cline[s] to adopt" that requirement. See ante, at 121. I see
128 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Jackson, J., dissenting

no need to expound on the law of standing in a case where
the sole dispute is a factual one not addressed below.* In-
deed, as Justice Jackson explains, this case is unlikely to
present a live controversy for much longer regardless of peti-
tioners' standing, as the administration is likely to withdraw
the challenged rules. See post, at 133 (dissenting opinion).
I would simply have vacated the case and remanded it to the
D. C. Circuit to reconsider its redressability analysis, keep-
ing in mind the now corrected timeline for the challenged
vehicle-emissions programs.
Justice Jackson, dissenting.
Standing is a constitutional doctrine meant to promote ju-
dicial restraint. By design, it " `prevent[s] the judicial proc-
ess from being used to usurp the powers of the political
branches' " and "helps safeguard the Judiciary's proper -- and
properly limited -- role in our constitutional system. "
United States v. Texas, -- 676 (2023). But
Page Proof Pending Publication
standing doctrine cannot serve that important purpose if the
Judiciary fails to apply it evenhandedly. When courts adjust
standing requirements to let certain litigants challenge the
actions of the political branches but preclude suits by others

*The majority suggests it can disregard the actual basis for the D. C.
Circuit's decision because (in the majority's view) that court "did not rest"
its analysis "entirely" on its factual error. Ante, at 124. Having granted
certiorari in this case to conduct the factbound standing analysis in the
frst instance, the majority now asserts a remand would "waste... time
and resources" because "the parties have comprehensively briefed" the
issue. Ante, at 125. What the parties briefed, however, is whether peti-
tioners bore any evidentiary burden to establish standing at all. See
Brief for Petitioners 24 -- 37 (arguing that, because California's rules are
a "regulatory hurdle" to the sale of petitioners' product, no evidence of
redressability was required). To be sure, the fuel producer petitioners
argued in a single paragraph that they should prevail "[e]ven if [they] were
legally required to produce record evidence to support redressability."
Id., at 37 -- 38. "But our usual practice is to leave matters of that sort for
remand." E.M.D. Sales, Inc. v. Carrera, (2025) (Kava-
naugh, J., for the Court).
 Cite as: (2025) 129

Jackson, J., dissenting

with similar injuries, standing doctrine cannot perform its
constraining function. Over time, such selectivity begets ju-
dicial overreach and erodes public trust in the impartiality
of judicial decisionmaking.
Today's ruling runs the risk of setting us down that path.
The Court shelves its usual case-selection standards to re-
vive a fuel-industry lawsuit that all agree will soon be moot
(and is largely moot already). And it rests its decision on a
theory of standing that the Court has refused to apply in
cases brought by less powerful plaintiffs. This case gives
fodder to the unfortunate perception that moneyed interests
enjoy an easier road to relief in this Court than ordinary
citizens. Because the Court had ample opportunity to avoid
that result, I respectfully dissent.

I
In 2022, petrochemical companies and other fuel-industry
Page Proof Pending Publication
groups fled this lawsuit challenging a Government action
under the Clean Air Act.
President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Clean Air Act into
law in 1963 to "protect and enhance the quality of the Na-
tion's air resources so as to promote the public health and
welfare and the productive capacity of its population." As
added, 77 Stat. 393, 42 U. S. C. (1). One of the ways
the Act sought to achieve that goal was by requiring all "new
motor vehicles or new motor vehicle engines" sold in the
United States to comply with certain emissions standards
established by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
(1), 7522(a)(1).
To ensure that automakers would not have to comply with
a competing patchwork of emissions standards set by various
States, the Act pre-empts state efforts to regulate vehicle
emissions. Under the statute's pre-emption provision, "[n]o
State... shall adopt or attempt to enforce any standard
relating to the control of emissions from new motor vehi-
cles.".
130 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Jackson, J., dissenting

But, notably, that provision contains an exception for the
State of California, which was the only State whose efforts
to regulate auto emissions predated the Clean Air Act.
Recognizing that "California's unique problems and pioneer-
ing efforts justifed a waiver of the preemption section,"
S. Rep. No. 403, 90th Cong., 1st Sess., 33 (1967), Congress
allowed California to adopt more stringent emissions stand-
ards than the Federal Government., 81 Stat. 501.
Thus, under the current statute, California can obtain a pre-
emption waiver that allows it to adopt emissions standards
that are, "in the aggregate, at least as protective of public
health and welfare as applicable Federal standards. "
(1). The statute specifcally directs EPA to grant
such a waiver unless the agency fnds that California's stand-
ards are "arbitrary and capricious," not necessary to "meet
compelling and extraordinary conditions," or incompatible
with specifc statutory requirements. Ibid. Consistent
with that directive, EPA has granted dozens of pre-emption
Page Proof Pending Publication
waivers for California emissions programs over the past sev-
eral decades.1
This case concerns one of those waivers: a 2013 waiver that
EPA granted for a California emissions program targeting
greenhouse gases. 78 Fed. Reg. 2112. California's pro-
gram had two main components. Id., at 2114. First, it re-
quired automakers to ensure that a certain percentage of
their vehicle feets for model years 2017 to 2025 was com-
posed of electric vehicles. Ibid. Second, it imposed feet-
wide limits on average greenhouse gas emissions; those feet-
wide emissions limits would gradually increase in stringency
through model year 2025, at which point the limits would
remain at 2025 levels permanently. Ibid. Nobody chal-
lenged the waiver in court, and California's program went
into effect without incident.
1
See EPA, Vehicle Emissions California Waivers and Authorizations,
https://www.epa.gov/state-and-local-transportation/vehicle-emissions-
california-waivers-and-authorizations.
 Cite as: (2025) 131

Jackson, J., dissenting

In the years that followed, automakers upped their produc-
tion of electric and low-emissions vehicles signifcantly, in-
vesting billions of dollars in new manufacturing facilities and
other infrastructure. Consumer demand for those vehicles
surged, too. So much so that, by 2018, automakers were
selling well over 200,000 fully electric vehicles per year -- a
more-than-tenfold increase from the 18,000 vehicles sold in
2011, the year before California sought the waiver from
EPA.
In 2019, however, EPA changed course and rescinded the
waiver. 84 Fed. Reg. 51310. The agency concluded that
California's emissions standards were not necessary " `to
meet compelling and extraordinary conditions,' " and were
also pre-empted by a different federal law. Id., at 51328.
Three years later, EPA reversed its position again. In
2022, the agency reinstated the waiver, asserting that its
2019 decision to rescind the waiver rested on an incorrect
Page Proof Pending Publication
understanding of federal law. 87 Fed. Reg. 14332 -- 14333.
That 2022 waiver-reinstatement decision precipitated this
lawsuit. Members of the fuel industry sought review of that
decision in the D. C. Circuit, arguing that it contravened the
Clean Air Act and exceeded EPA's statutory authority. Al-
though EPA's reinstatement of the waiver did not regulate
the fuel industry directly, petitioners claimed that the revival
of California's emissions standards would injure them by
suppressing the sale of gas-powered vehicles and thus quell-
ing consumer demand for their fuel products.
The D. C. Circuit rejected that argument. Ohio v. EPA,
98 F. 4th 288, 294 (2024) (per curiam). The panel unani-
mously held that petitioners lacked standing because they
had failed to show that a court order invalidating the waiver
would actually redress their asserted injury -- namely, dimin-
ished demand for fuel. The court reasoned that petitioners'
"injuries would be redressed only if automobile manufactur-
ers responded to vacatur of the waiver by producing and
selling fewer non-conventional vehicles or by altering the
132 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Jackson, J., dissenting

prices of their vehicles such that fewer non-conventional ve-
hicles -- and more conventional vehicles -- were sold." Id., at
302. But petitioners had "fail[ed] to point to any evidence
affrmatively demonstrating that vacatur of the waiver
would be substantially likely to result in any change to auto-
mobile manufacturers' vehicle feets by Model Year 2025,"
when the court believed California's program would termi-
nate. Ibid.2 To the contrary, the court concluded, the "only
evidence points in the opposite direction." Ibid.
Among other evidence, the court cited an expert declara-
tion submitted by California, which had intervened to defend
the waiver. The declaration documented how electric-
vehicle sales in California had already surpassed state-
mandated levels as a result of rising consumer demand and
automakers' long-term planning choices, "suggesting that va-
catur of the [electric] vehicle mandate would not redress
[p]etitioners' injuries." Id., at 305. The court also pointed
to a brief from the auto industry echoing the same point and
Page Proof Pending Publication
explaining that " `both internal sustainability goals and ex-
ternal market forces' are prompting manufacturers to transi-
tion toward electric vehicles, irrespective of California's reg-
ulations." Id., at 303,. Based on petitioners' failure to
submit any countervailing evidence, the court found "no
basis to conclude that [p]etitioners' claims are redressable."
Id., at 305.
Seven months after the D. C. Circuit issued its decision,
President Trump was elected to a second term in offce. We
granted certiorari the following month..
One month later, the Government asked us to hold this case
in abeyance while the new administration "reassess[ed] the
basis for and soundness of " the waiver at issue. Motion of
Federal Respondents To Hold Briefng Schedule in Abeyance
2
As noted above, the electric-vehicle-mandate component of California's
program sunsets with model year 2025, but the other component of the
program -- the feet-wide limits on average greenhouse-gas emissions -- 
remains in effect indefnitely.
 Cite as: (2025) 133

Jackson, J., dissenting

3. We declined to do so and instead set this case for
argument.
II
A
Article III of the Constitution restricts the jurisdiction of
federal courts to actual "Cases" or "Controversies." That
case-or-controversy requirement limits our power as judges:
It means that we can only resolve concrete legal disputes -- 
those with real stakes for real people -- and we must turn
away litigants who ask us to decide purely hypothetical ques-
tions. Standing doctrine furthers the end of ensuring that
each case has real stakes by requiring anyone who fles a
federal lawsuit to establish, as a threshold matter, that they
have suffered a genuine injury that can actually be redressed
by a court. As the majority aptly puts it, the doctrine
forces every plaintiff to "answer a basic question -- ` "What's
it to you? " ' " Ante, at 7.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The fuel industry's answer to that question here should
give us all pause. In their petition for certiorari, the indus-
try members asserted that California's emissions standards
harmed them by suppressing the sale of gas-powered cars
and thereby driving down demand for fuel. But they later
made clear that any such harm would be exceedingly short
lived: EPA is presently reviewing California's pre-emption
waiver, and as petitioners' counsel told us at oral argument,
the agency is likely to withdraw that waiver imminently,
which will put an end to California's emissions program for
good. Tr. of Oral Arg. 69. In fact, petitioners' counsel was
so confdent of that outcome that he told us he would bet his
"bottom dollar" on it. Ibid.
His confdence is not overstated. President Trump re-
scinded this exact same waiver the last time he was in offce.
And EPA has told us that it is actively reconsidering its deci-
sion to grant the waiver. Because a withdrawal of the
waiver would moot this case, an obvious question arises:
134 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Jackson, J., dissenting

Why would this Court rush to opine on whether the fuel
industry's legal challenge raises an Article III "case" or "con-
troversy" when all involved -- including petitioners them-
selves -- believe that any such "case" or "controversy" will
soon vanish?
The Court had plenty of other options. For one thing, it
could have denied certiorari, recognizing that one of the core
components of California's emissions program -- the electric-
vehicle mandate -- is about to sunset. Regardless of what
EPA does here, that mandate will terminate in just a few
months, when model year 2025 ends. Automakers are al-
ready accepting preorders on model-year-2026 vehicles, and,
by Thanksgiving, their entire feets for model year 2026 will
be available. This means that even if the electric-vehicle
mandate is currently harming the fuel industry -- a dubious
proposition in itself, see Part III -- A, infra -- that harm will
cease before petitioners brief the actual merits of their chal-
lenge, let alone before any court rules on it.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Alternatively, this Court could have deferred its decision
in this case until after EPA concludes its reassessment of the
waiver, as the Government asked us to do. The Govern-
ment rarely proposes that we withhold judgment after cer-
tiorari is granted, and it did so here before any party had
fled its brief. In the rare cases where the Government does
ask us to defer, we often grant those requests -- and we some-
times decide to put cases on hold independently.3 But, for
some reason, in this case, we rejected the Government's re-
quest and proceeded to render a decision anyway.
A third option, once we granted certiorari, would have
been to simply vacate the judgment and remand the case to
the D. C. Circuit. The D. C. Circuit's opinion appeared to
rest, at least in part, on the erroneous factual assumption
3
We have opted to defer decision with respect to other closely watched
cases in recent months. See, e. g., Bessent v. Dellinger, 604 U. S. -- -- -- 
(2025) (holding emergency application in abeyance pending expiration of a
temporary restraining order).
 Cite as: (2025) 135

Jackson, J., dissenting

that California's entire emissions program -- and not just its
electric-vehicle mandate -- would sunset with model year
2025. As the majority observes, "[i]t may be that some of
the D. C. Circuit's standing analysis stemmed from a misun-
derstanding about when the California feet-wide emissions
standards expire." Ante, at 110,.4 Once EPA clarifed
the regulatory timeline in its certiorari brief, it would have
been reasonable for this Court to give the D. C. Circuit an
opportunity to reconsider its analysis on a corrected record.
Cf. Lawrence v. Chater, -- 167 (1996) (per
curiam) ("We have GVR'd [i. e., granted, vacated, and re-
manded] in light of a wide range of developments, including... changed factual circumstances"). That approach might
have even allowed for a quicker resolution of this matter by
obviating the need for a seven-month detour to this Court.
But the Court granted plenary review instead.
Our insistence on resolving the standing question in this
case strains our usual case-selection standards, which are
Page Proof Pending Publication
highly selective. We typically grant review in just a few
dozen cases each year -- a tiny fraction of the thousands of
petitions we receive.5 That is because, as we have often ex-
plained, ours "is not a court of error correction." S. Breyer,
Refections on the Role of Appellate Courts: A View From
the Supreme Court, 8 J. App. Prac. & Process 91, 92 (2006).
Rather, we grant review in cases "only for compelling rea-
sons." Supreme Court Rule 10. This case -- concerning a
record-specifc disagreement about standing to sue in a dis-
pute that will soon be moot anyway -- hardly cries out for
our involvement.

4
The D. C. Circuit's mistake in this regard could have stemmed from
the fact that, until recently, petitioners themselves seem to have shared
that understanding. See Pet. for Cert. 26 (arguing that "the Court can
decide this case before it becomes moot" because "it will presumably ren-
der a decision before model year 2025 ends").
5
This Term, for instance, the Court has docketed nearly 4,000 new cases
but will issue fewer than 60 signed opinions.
136 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Jackson, J., dissenting

To be sure, if the lower courts were divided on some legal
question in this case, then maybe certiorari would be justi-
fed. They are not. Similarly, if the lower courts had been
clamoring for us to clarify how best to evaluate Article III
redressability when plaintiffs assert injuries based on third
parties' responses to regulation, then maybe our interven-
tion would have been sensible. They have not. Indeed, we
recently spoke to the redressability issue -- just last Term,
we decided a case addressing our redressability standard at
length. See FDA v. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, (2024); ante, at 110 -- 125.
At most, then, the Court's ruling today amounts to little
more than error correction in the context of a dispute that
all agree will be over soon in any event.
B
This is not to suggest that no one will beneft from the
Page Proof
Court's decision Pending
to dabble Publication
in error correction in this case.
Our ruling will no doubt aid future attempts by the fuel in-
dustry to attack the Clean Air Act. But Article III requires
a live case or controversy, not merely the potential that a
favorable judgment will help the plaintiff in some future
lawsuit.
Also, I worry that the fuel industry's gain comes at a repu-
tational cost for this Court, which is already viewed by many
as being overly sympathetic to corporate interests. See,
e. g., A. Liptak, Corporations Find a Friend in the Supreme
Court, N. Y. Times, May 4, 2013.6 Some knowledgeable re-
6
See also L. Epstein & M. Gulati, A Century of Business in the Supreme
Court, 1920 -- 2020, 107 Minn. L. Rev. Headnotes 49, 57 (2022) (concluding,
based on an analysis of all decisions involving business litigants between
1920 and 2020, that the current Court is "signifcantly more likely to favor
business than... any Court era in the last 100 years" and "is the frst
Court in the last 100 years that rules in favor of business more often
than not"); A. Feldman, Empirical SCOTUS: The Big Business Court,
SCOTUSblog, Aug. 8, 2018, https://www.scotusblog.com/2018/08/empirical-
 Cite as: (2025) 137

Jackson, J., dissenting

searchers have suggested that this reputation is unfounded.7
But, at this point, that unfortunate perception seems perva-
sive.8 And even the mere "appearance" of favoritism,
founded or not, can "undermin[e] confdence in the integrity
of the judiciary." Williams-Yulee v. Florida Bar, (2015); cf. Republican Party of Pa. v. Degraffenreid,
592 U. S. -- -- -- , -- -- -- (2021) (Thomas, J., dissenting from denial
of certiorari) (arguing that state efforts to prevent voter
fraud are important even "where allegations [of fraud] are
incorrect," because " `confdence in the integrity of our elec-
toral process is essential to the functioning of our participa-
tory democracy' ").
It may be diffcult for the public to know exactly what to
make of the Court's decision to address the feeting legal
issue presented here. For its part, the Court does not ex-
plain why it is so eager to resolve this highly factbound,

scotus-the-big-business-court/ (analyzing data from the 2015 through 2017
Page Proof
Terms, and concluding that Pending
the Court "increasedPublication
its pro-business momen-
tum"); L. Epstein, W. Landes, & R. Posner, When It Comes to Business,
the Right and Left Sides of the Court Agree, 54 Wash. U. J. L. & Pol'y 33,
43 -- 50 (2017) (concluding, based on an analysis of all decisions involving
business litigants between 1946 and 2015, that the "Court's tendency to
favor business in unanimous decisions has increased, not decreased, over
time").
7
See, e. g., J. Adler, Is the Business of the Court (Still) Business? 713
Annals Am. Acad. Pol. & Soc. Sci. 221, 222 (2025).
8
E. g., E. Pollman, The Supreme Court and the Pro-Business Paradox,
135 Harv. L. Rev. 220, 223 (2021) ("Corporations have often pushed for
rights and challenged external rules and regulations that create responsi-
bility, and as the Supreme Court in recent years has appeared to take
a friendly stance toward their claims, it has developed a `pro-business'
reputation"); F. Salmon, The Most Pro-Business Supreme Court Ever,
Axios (Aug. 4, 2022); J. Surowiecki, Courting Business, The New Yorker
(Feb. 28, 2016); B. Goad, Business Racks Up Wins With Roberts Court,
The Hill (May 5, 2014); A. Liptak, Justices Offer Receptive Ear to Business
Interests, N. Y. Times, Dec. 19, 2010.
138 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Jackson, J., dissenting

soon-to-be-moot dispute. See ante, at 124 -- 125. For some,
this silence will only harden their sense that the Court soft-
ens its certiorari standards when evaluating petitions from
moneyed interests, looking past the jurisdictional defects or
other vehicle problems that would typically doom petitions
from other parties. This Court's simultaneous aversion to
hearing cases involving the potential vindication of the
rights of less powerful litigants -- workers, criminal defend-
ants, and the condemned, among others9 -- will further fortify
that impression.
In my view, we should have either denied certiorari out-
right or held this matter in abeyance pending EPA's recon-
sideration of its waiver grant. Barring that, we should have
simply vacated and remanded for the D. C. Circuit to recon-
sider its ruling on a clarifed factual record.

III

Page Proof
But that's not all. Pending Publication
The Court's substantive Article III
standing analysis, though not entirely implausible, also in-
vites questions about inconsistent decisionmaking and
whether this Court is holding business litigants to the same
standards as everyone else. The majority has made nothing
short of a herculean effort to justify the conclusion that re-
dressability exists on this record. See ante, at 118 -- 120.
Its demonstrated concern for ensuring that the fuel indus-
try's ability to sue is recognized on these facts highlights a
potential gap in the manner in which the Court treats the
claims of plaintiffs pursuing profts versus those seeking to
advance other objectives.
A
It is "a bedrock principle that a federal court cannot re-
dress `injury that results from the independent action of
9
E. g., Nicholson v. W.L. York, Inc., 605 U. S. -- -- -- (2025) (Jackson, J.,
dissenting from denial of certiorari); Shockley v. Vandergriff, 604 U. S. -- -- -- 
(2025) (Sotomayor, J., dissenting from denial of certiorari).
 Cite as: (2025) 139

Jackson, J., dissenting

some third party not before the court.' " Murthy v. Mis-
souri, (2024). Accordingly, "we have `been
reluctant to endorse standing theories that require guess-
work as to how independent decisionmakers will exercise
their judgment.' " Ibid.
It is indisputable that petitioners' theory of standing re-
quires guesswork as to how independent decisionmakers
(specifcally, automakers and consumers) would respond to a
court order invalidating the pre-emption waiver for Califor-
nia's emissions standards. The only way that such an order
could possibly beneft the fuel industry would be if it ulti-
mately spurred the production, purchase, and usage of more
gas-powered cars. The majority holds, however, that our
usual skepticism about standing theories that turn on inde-
pendent third-party conduct is not warranted because, in its
view, petitioners' theory of redressability rests on "common-
sense economic principles." Ante, at 116.
Page Proof Pending Publication
I have no quarrel with relying on common sense as a gen-
eral matter. But we should acknowledge that what counts
as a "commonsense" inference to the Justices on this Court
may not be viewed as such by others. And, if anything, the
actual evidence presented in this case suggests that the
majority's "[c]ommon sense is not so common." J. Bartlett,
Familiar Quotations 299 (18th ed. 2012) ).
The central problem petitioners face is one of timing.
Had they challenged California's emissions program at its
inception, then commonsense intuitions might have suffced
to establish redressability; indeed, "the whole point" of Cali-
fornia's program was to reduce fuel consumption, as the ma-
jority notes. Ante, at 114. But petitioners did not chal-
lenge the program at its inception. Instead, they challenged
it nearly a decade after California obtained its pre-emption
waiver. By that point, consumer demand for electric and
low-emissions vehicles had grown many times over, and au-
tomakers had invested billions to transform their production
140 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Jackson, J., dissenting

and marketing strategies. As California's expert attested,
by the time petitioners fled suit, automakers were "already
selling more qualifying vehicles in California than the State's
standards require." App. 202.
Furthermore, several major automakers -- including Ford,
Volvo, Honda, BMW, and Volkswagen -- explicitly told the
court below that they "have no plans to abandon their ex-
tensive and growing fnancial commitments to electric ve-
hicles" because their " long-term, world-wide, industry-
transformative planning... is already well underway."
Brief for Industry Respondent-Intervenors in No. 22 -- 1081
(CADC), pp. 12 -- 13. Meanwhile, consumers are now "willing
to pay price premiums for [qualifying vehicles], sometimes
thousands of dollars above the manufacturer's suggested re-
tail price." App. 192. And demand for electric vehicles
continues to grow, "both in California and nationwide." Id.,
at 202.
Against the weight of that evidence, the majority's "com-
Page Proof Pending Publication
monsense" intuitions about automaker and consumer behav-
ior are much less certain. Maybe some automakers would
actually produce more gas-powered cars if a court were to
invalidate California's emissions program now. Or maybe
not. Maybe any such uptick in production would cause con-
sumers to buy more gas-powered cars moving forward. Or
maybe not.
The only thing we know for sure is that the onus of estab-
lishing what is likely to happen is on petitioners (the fuel
industry), as the party invoking the jurisdiction of a federal
court. It is the fuel producers who must present evidence
supporting their theory that invalidation of the waiver by a
court will beneft them -- intuition alone will not suffce.
When redressability " `depends on the unfettered choices
made by independent actors not before the courts,' " it "be-
comes the burden of the plaintiff to adduce facts showing
that those choices have been or will be made in such manner
as to... permit redressability." Lujan v. Defenders of
Wildlife, (1992).
 Cite as: (2025) 141

Jackson, J., dissenting

Petitioners have made little effort to meet that burden.
None of the declarations they submitted below say anything
substantive about redressability. None purport to address,
much less refute, any of the data or analyses California's ex-
pert or the automaker intervenors have provided. Indeed,
all of the language that the majority quotes from petitioners'
declarations derives from statements originally made in 2011
and 2012 -- a full decade before petitioners fled this lawsuit.
See ante, at 118. Although petitioners shrewdly attempt to
bolster their submissions by citing assertions from Califor-
nia's intervention motion, almost all of those assertions con-
cern the nearly defunct electric-vehicle component of Cali-
fornia's program -- not the feet-wide emissions limits -- 
suggesting that any redressability is likely to expire within
months.10
It is perhaps due to the "paucity of evidence in the record
regarding the redressability of [petitioners'] injuries," 98
Page Proof Pending Publication
F. 4th, at 303, that petitioners' primary contention is that
they do not need to submit any evidence at all to establish
redressability. Brief for Petitioners 18 ("[W]hen a third-
party response is predictable, no more is needed than a dose
of common sense"). Indeed, petitioners' opening brief de-
votes just two pages to the argument that the actual record
in this case supports redressability. See id., at 37 -- 38 (ar-
guing, in the alternative, that the Court should reverse
"[e]ven if petitioners were legally required to produce record
evidence to support redressability").
Petitioners' obvious disinterest in developing or relying on
the evidentiary record in this litigation is the reason why
the majority has had to perform yeoman's work in cobbling
together a plausible factual basis for redressability. See,
e. g., ante, at 118 -- 120 (scouring the regulatory history and
scant record for redressability-related evidence). Whatever
one thinks about the majority's labored redressability analy-

10
This, of course, underscores the illogic of this Court's decision to issue
a ruling in this case at all. See Part II -- A, supra.
142 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Jackson, J., dissenting

sis, the effort it expends on this endeavor is striking -- espe-
cially when compared to the Court's approach to Article III
standing in cases involving civil rights.

B
The Court's remarkably lenient approach to standing in
this case contrasts starkly with the stern stance it has taken
in cases concerning the rights of ordinary citizens. See, e. g.,
Whitmore v. Arkansas, -- 156 (1990) ("A fed-
eral court is powerless to create its own jurisdiction by
embellishing otherwise defcient allegations of standing").
Here, the Court's "commonsense" inferences readily align
with the fuel industry's assertions of economic injury, even
in the face of conficting evidence. But for less wealthy indi-
vidual plaintiffs, establishing redressability to the Court's
satisfaction is often harder to come by.
Take our decision in Warth v. Seldin, (1975).
Page Proof Pending Publication
There, the Court held that a group of low-income plaintiffs
in upstate New York lacked standing to challenge a zoning
ordinance that effectively barred the construction of afford-
able housing in the town where they wished to move. Id.,
at 493. The plaintiffs had alleged that the ordinance -- which
prohibited the construction of multifamily housing virtually
anywhere in town -- excluded them from the town, causing
injury, by depressing the supply of affordable housing op-
tions. Id., at 504 -- 507. The Court rejected the claim for
lack of redressability. Ibid.
Under the Court's reasoning, the plaintiffs' "desire to live
in [the town] depended on the efforts and willingness of third
parties to build low- and moderate-cost housing," and "their
inability to reside in [the town was] the consequence of the
economics of the area housing market, rather than of [the
defendants'] assertedly illegal acts." Id., at 505 -- 506. Crit-
ically, the Court stated that it was not enough for the plain-
tiffs to show generally that the zoning ordinance suppressed
the overall supply of affordable housing. Rather, we ex-
 Cite as: (2025) 143

Jackson, J., dissenting

plained, the plaintiffs needed to show that the invalidation of
the ordinance by court order would lead to the availability
of specifc units that met their individual needs and fell
within their individual budgets. Id., at 506. "[C]ommon-
sense economic principles," ante, at 116 -- say, about the gen-
eral impact of increased housing supply on housing prices -- 
did not rescue the plaintiffs.
Our decision in Allen v. Wright, (1984), was
more of the same. There, we held that a group of Black
parents lacked standing to challenge the Internal Revenue
Service's (IRS) policies concerning tax exemptions for pri-
vate schools. Id., at 739 -- 740. The parents had alleged that
the IRS's failure to deny tax-exempt status to racially exclu-
sionary private schools in their communities was hindering
desegregation efforts in the districts their children attended.
Id., at 752 -- 753. This Court held that, although the parents
had stated a cognizable injury, they had not shown that de-
Page Proof Pending Publication
nying tax-exempt status to the exclusionary private schools
would redress that injury. Id., at 758 -- 759.
Notably, in Allen, the Court specifcally observed that the
plaintiffs' redressability theory hinged on speculation about,
among other things, how private-school parents and adminis-
trators would respond to the loss of their tax exemptions
and whether that response would actually affect the racial
makeup of local public schools. Id., at 758. Justice Bren-
nan noted in dissent that "[c]ommon sense alone would rec-
ognize that the elimination of tax-exempt status for racially
discriminatory private schools would serve to lessen the im-
pact that those institutions have in defeating efforts to de-
segregate the public schools." Id., at 774. But "[c]ommon
sense alone" was not enough for those plaintiffs, either.
For a more recent example, look at Clapper v. Amnesty
Int'l USA, (2013). In that case, the Court held
that a group of human-rights, media, labor, and legal organi-
zations lacked standing to challenge certain electronic-
surveillance practices under the Foreign Intelligence Sur-
144 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Jackson, J., dissenting

veillance Act. Id., at 402, 406. Among the reasons we pro-
vided for this holding was that any surveillance activities the
Government pursued would ultimately have to be approved
by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC), and
the plaintiffs could "only speculate as to whether that court
will authorize such surveillance." Id., at 413. We could
have easily drawn a commonsense inference that the FISC
was likely to approve at least some of the surveillance activi-
ties of concern to the plaintiffs, given that (per the Govern-
ment's own statistics) the FISC approved over 99% of the
surveillance-authorization requests it received. Id., at 430
(Breyer, J., dissenting). But in-
stead we "decline[d] to abandon our usual reluctance to en-
dorse standing theories that rest on speculation about the
decisions of independent actors." Id., at 414.
I could go on. My point here is not that any of these par-
ticular standing decisions was wrongly decided. Instead, I
Page Proof Pending Publication
am simply observing that the Court seems inconsistent in its
willingness to premise redressability on commonsense in-
ferences about third-party behavior. That inconsistency,
which we reinforce with today's holding, tends to redound to
the beneft of particular litigants. But nothing in Article
III's text or history justifes relying on "commonsense" infer-
ences in one standing context and not another. The Consti-
tution does not distinguish between plaintiffs whose claims
are backed by the Chamber of Commerce and those who seek
to vindicate their rights to fair housing, desegregated
schools, or privacy. But if someone reviewing our case law
harbored doubts about that proposition, today's decision will
do little to dissuade them.

* * *
It is easy to deprecate the single phrase inscribed atop the
entrance to our courthouse by conceptualizing it as a mere
platitude. But "Equal Justice Under Law" remains this
 Cite as: (2025) 145

Jackson, J., dissenting

Court's guiding light nearly a century after those words
were frst engraved there. Striving to embody that particu-
lar ideal is what distinguishes our work as judges from that
of the well-heeled lawyers and lobbyists who walk into simi-
larly ornate buildings every day to promote the interests of
their clients. It may sometimes be diffcult to tell one mar-
ble façade from another -- especially when some of them
share a common architect.11 But those of us who are privi-
leged to work inside the Court must not lose sight of this
institution's unique mission and responsibility: to rule with-
out fear or favor. If the Court privileges the interests of
one class of litigants over others, even unintentionally, it can
damage Americans' faith in an impartial Judiciary and under-
mine the long-term credibility of its judgments.
Time will tell if today's decision portends a broader shift
in the Court's view of Article III standing for all litigants.
If it does not, and if the Court is not fastidious in maintaining
consistency across its certiorari decisions and substantive
Page Proof Pending Publication
rulings, its decisions will come to represent, like so many
marble façades, another mere facsimile of justice.

11
See U. S. Commission on Fine Arts, Cass Gilbert, https://www.cfa. gov/
about-cfa/who-we-are/cass-gilbert (noting that Cass Gilbert, who designed
the Supreme Court building, also designed the Chamber of Commerce's
headquarters in Washington, D. C., and the New York Life building in
Manhattan, among other major commercial offces).
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 1
Pages 146 -- 184

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 20, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
146 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC. v.
McKESSON CORP. et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the ninth circuit
No. 23 -- 1226. Argued January 21, 2025 -- Decided June 20, 2025
The Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) protects businesses and
consumers from intrusive telemarketing by prohibiting unsolicited fax
advertisements to "telephone facsimile machines" absent an opt-out no-
tice informing recipients that they can choose not to receive future
faxes. 47 U. S. C.. The Act provides a private right of action
with statutory minimum damages of $500 per violation.
McKesson Corporation, a healthcare company, sent unsolicited fax ad-
vertisements through a subsidiary in 2009 and 2010 to medical practices,
including McLaughlin Chiropractic Associates. McLaughlin sued Mc-
Kesson in the U. S. District Court for the Northern District of Califor-
nia in 2014 for damages and an injunction, alleging TCPA violations for
faxing unsolicited advertisements without the required opt-out notices.
Page Proof Pending Publication
McLaughlin also sought to represent a class of fax recipients who re-
ceived the advertisements either on traditional fax machines or through
online fax services. The District Court certifed the class without dis-
tinguishing between those two methods of receipt.
While McLaughlin's lawsuit was pending, a company petitioned the
Federal Communications Commission for a declaratory ruling about
whether the TCPA applies to faxes received through online fax services.
Months after class certifcation, the FCC issued the Amerifactors order,
interpreting "telephone facsimile machine" in the TCPA to exclude on-
line fax services. Following Ninth Circuit precedent that FCC fnal
orders are reviewable exclusively in the courts of appeals under the
Hobbs Act, the District Court deemed the Amerifactors order binding
and granted summary judgment to McKesson on claims involving online
fax services. The court then decertifed the class, leaving McLaughlin
with claims for only 12 faxes received on a traditional machine and dam-
ages of $6,000. The Ninth Circuit affrmed.
Held: The Hobbs Act does not bind district courts in civil enforcement
proceedings to an agency's interpretation of a statute. District courts
must independently determine the law's meaning under ordinary princi-
ples of statutory interpretation while affording appropriate respect to
the agency's interpretation. Pp. 151 -- 169.
(a) Pre-enforcement review statutes fall into three categories. First,
statutes like the Clean Water Act, CERCLA, and the Clean Air Act
 Cite as: (2025) 147

Syllabus

expressly preclude judicial review in enforcement proceedings. Sec-
ond, statutes like the Toxic Substances Control Act expressly authorize
or contemplate review in both pre-enforcement and enforcement pro-
ceedings. Third, statutes like the Hobbs Act are silent about judicial
review in enforcement proceedings. For this third category, fundamen-
tal principles of administrative law establish the proper default rule:
In enforcement proceedings, district courts must independently deter-
mine whether an agency's statutory interpretation is correct, rather
than being bound by the agency's interpretation. This presumption of
judicial review is codifed in the Administrative Procedure Act, which
provides that agency action is subject to judicial review in enforcement
proceedings except where there is prior, adequate, and exclusive oppor-
tunity for review. 5 U. S. C.. The availability of pre-enforcement
review does not ordinarily preclude judicial review in enforcement pro-
ceedings. Pp. 151 -- 159.
(b) Unlike statutes that expressly preclude judicial review in enforce-
ment proceedings, the Hobbs Act does not override the default rule.
The Hobbs Act's grant of "exclusive jurisdiction" to courts of appeals to
"determine the validity" of agency orders refers to entering declaratory
judgments in pre-enforcement proceedings. 28 U. S. C.. When

Page Proof Pending Publication
a district court disagrees with an agency's statutory interpretation in
an enforcement proceeding, it determines the defendant's liability under
the correct interpretation of the statute but does not issue a declaratory
judgment "determining the validity" of the agency order. The phrase
"determine the validity" should be read consistently with the other
listed forms of relief -- "enjoin," "set aside," and "suspend" -- all of which
are forms of relief rather than descriptions of decisional processes.
Section 2349 of the Hobbs Act confrms this interpretation by referring
to a "judgment determining the validity," establishing that "determine
the validity" refers to declaratory relief. Pp. 159 -- 162.
(c) The Emergency Price Control Act precedent in Yakus v. United
States, does not control because that Act contained two
key provisions working in tandem: "exclusive jurisdiction to determine
the validity" (similar to the Hobbs Act) and an express prohibition stat-
ing that no other court "shall have jurisdiction or power to consider the
validity" of covered regulations (not included in the Hobbs Act). 56
Stat. 33. When Congress enacted the Hobbs Act in
1950, six years after Yakus, it chose not to include the second provision
that would have clearly precluded judicial review in enforcement pro-
ceedings. Other Hobbs Act cases like Port of Boston Marine Terminal
Assn. v. Rederiaktiebolaget Transatlantic, and FCC v.
ITT World Communications, Inc., involved estoppel and
preclusion principles where parties lost before the agency and then
148 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Syllabus

sought to relitigate the same issues, which did not occur here.
Pp. 162 -- 165.
(d) Policy concerns about potential disagreement between courts do
not override statutory text and traditional administrative law princi-
ples. Circuit splits followed by Supreme Court review are common and
do not justify denying judicial review in enforcement proceedings. The
alternative of petitioning agencies for new rulemakings or declaratory
orders provides largely illusory review that cannot substitute for mean-
ingful judicial review, as agencies retain discretion to decline petitions
and any judicial review of denied petitions would be subject to deferen-
tial standards. Blindsiding all potentially affected parties by requiring
them to bring pre-enforcement challenges within 60 days or lose their
right to contest an agency's interpretation in a later enforcement pro-
ceeding would be impractical and unfair. The Court sees no good ra-
tionale for reading the Hobbs Act to require the District Court to afford
absolute deference to the agency. Pp. 166 -- 168.
Reversed and remanded.

Kavanaugh, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Thomas, Alito, Gorsuch, and Barrett, JJ., joined. Kagan,
J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Sotomayor and Jackson, JJ., joined,
Page Proof Pending Publication
post, p. 169.

Matthew W. H. Wessler argued the cause for petitioner.
With him on the briefs were Jonathan E. Taylor, Gregory
A. Beck, and Glenn L. Hara.
Joseph R. Palmore argued the cause for respondents. On
the brief were Deanne E. Maynard, Diana L. Kim, Aileen
M. McGrath, Tiffany Cheung, and Zach ZhenHe Tan.
Matthew Guarnieri argued the cause for the United
States as amicus curiae urging affrmance. With him on
the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal Deputy
Assistant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy Solicitor Gen-
eral Stewart, Mark B. Stern, Jacob M. Lewis, and Scott M.
Noveck.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Local Govern-
ment Legal Center by Bryan Weir; and for Public Citizen by Scott L.
Nelson and Allison M. Zieve.
Thomas M. Johnson, Jr., and Joshua S. Turner fled a brief for CTIA -- 
The Wireless Association et al. as amici curiae urging affrmance.
 Cite as: (2025) 149

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kavanaugh delivered the opinion of the Court.
In civil enforcement proceedings under the Telephone
Consumer Protection Act, are district courts bound by the
Federal Communications Commission's interpretation of the
Act? The answer is no.
I
This case involves an FCC order that interprets the Tele-
phone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, or TCPA. The
TCPA protects businesses and consumers from intrusive tel-
emarketing communications. Among other restrictions, the
TCPA prohibits a business from sending an "unsolicited
advertisement" by fax to a "telephone facsimile machine" ab-
sent an opt-out notice informing recipients that they can
choose not to receive future faxes. 105 Stat. 2395, as
amended, 47 U. S. C. (1)(C), (2)(D).
The TCPA provides a private right of action. (3).
Private parties may sue the sender of an unlawful fax -- an
Page Proof Pending Publication
unsolicited fax that lacks an opt-out notice -- for damages or
injunctive relief in federal or state court. Ibid.; 28 U. S. C.
; see Mims v. Arrow Financial Services, LLC, (2012). For monetary damages, the TCPA
sets a floor of $500 for each unlawful fax. 47 U. S. C.
(3)(B). A court may order treble damages if it fnds
a violation willful or knowing. (3).
A combination of factors -- namely, the private right of ac-
tion, the statutory minimum damages for each violation, the
number of violations that a business can quickly rack up
when sending mass fax advertisements, and the class-action
device -- has spawned substantial TCPA litigation over un-
wanted faxes. Plaintiffs have sought signifcant damages
against businesses that sent fax advertisements without opt-
out notices.
McKesson Corporation is, among other things, a health-
care company. In 2009 and 2010, in an effort to promote
McKesson's products, a McKesson subsidiary sent unsolicited
fax advertisements to various medical practices. McLaugh-
150 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

lin Chiropractic Associates received some of those faxes. In
2014, McLaughlin sued McKesson in the U. S. District Court
for the Northern District of California. McLaughlin alleged
that McKesson violated the TCPA by faxing unsolicited ad-
vertisements without the opt-out notice that the statute
requires.
McLaughlin requested damages and an injunction, and it
also sought to represent a class of other recipients of McKes-
son's faxes. Some recipients (including McLaughlin) re-
ceived the faxes on a traditional fax machine -- the stand-
alone device dedicated to receiving and printing faxes. But
others received the faxes through online fax services, either
by email or through an online portal.
The District Court certifed a class of fax recipients, draw-
ing no distinction between faxes received on traditional fax
machines and faxes received through online fax services.
As McLaughlin's lawsuit progressed, another company
Page Proof Pending Publication
with no connection to the litigation petitioned the FCC for a
declaratory ruling about whether the TCPA applies to faxes
received through online fax services. Months after the Dis-
trict Court certifed the class in McLaughlin's suit, the FCC
issued an order -- known as the Amerifactors order -- inter-
preting the term "telephone facsimile machine" in the TCPA.
In re Amerifactors Financial Group, LLC, 34 FCC Rcd.
11950 (2019) (declaratory ruling). The FCC ruled that "an
online fax service is not a `telephone facsimile machine.' "
Id., at 11953, ¶11. Under that interpretation, the TCPA
would not prohibit faxes received through online fax
services.
As the parties here recognized, if the FCC's Amerifactors
order were binding on the District Court, it would under-
mine McLaughlin's class-action lawsuit because McLaughlin
defned the class to include plaintiffs who received unsolic-
ited faxes through online fax services.
After receiving briefng on the issue, the District Court
deemed the Amerifactors order "a fnal, binding order" that
 Cite as: (2025) 151

Opinion of the Court

dictated the court's interpretation of the TCPA. True
Health Chiropractic, Inc. v. McKesson Corp., No. 13 -- cv -- 2219
(ND Cal., Dec. 24, 2020), App. to Pet. for Cert. 38a. In line
with Ninth Circuit precedent, the court reasoned that it
lacked the authority "to question the validity of FCC fnal
orders" such as the Amerifactors order. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 37a. Under the judicial review provisions of the
Hobbs Act, according to the District Court, those FCC or-
ders are " `subject to the exclusive review of the court
of appeals' " in pre-enforcement suits. Id., at 36a ).
After the District Court determined that the Amerifac-
tors order was binding, the court granted summary judg-
ment to McKesson and against McLaughlin on the claims
involving faxes received through online fax services. The
District Court then decertifed the class. That left Mc-
Laughlin with winnowed-down claims based on 12 unsolic-
ited faxes that McLaughlin received on a traditional fax
Page Proof Pending Publication
machine. So McLaughlin obtained a damages award of
only $6,000.
On appeal, the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
affrmed, agreeing that the District Court was "bound" by
the Amerifactors order. True Health Chiropractic, Inc. v.
McKesson Corp., No. 22 -- 15710 etc. (Oct. 25, 2023), App. to
Pet. for Cert. 6a -- 7a.
This Court granted certiorari to decide whether the Hobbs
Act required the District Court to follow the FCC's legal
interpretation of the TCPA. (2024). The
Court previously considered that question but ultimately did
not decide it in PDR Network, LLC v. Carlton & Harris
Chiropractic, Inc., (2019).

II
In 1950, Congress passed and President Truman signed
the Administrative Orders Review Act, commonly known as
the Hobbs Act. 64 Stat. 1129. The Hobbs Act provides for
152 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

pre-enforcement judicial review of FCC orders. To obtain
pre-enforcement review, a party must fle a petition in a fed-
eral court of appeals within 60 days of the FCC order.
In McKesson's view, which is supported here by the
United States as amicus curiae, the Hobbs Act's provision
for pre-enforcement review in the courts of appeals bars dis-
trict courts in enforcement proceedings from disagreeing
with an agency's interpretation of a statute. According to
McKesson and the Government, the District Court in this
case was absolutely bound by the FCC's interpretation of
the TCPA.
We disagree. The Hobbs Act does not preclude district
courts in enforcement proceedings from independently as-
sessing whether an agency's interpretation of the relevant
statute is correct. Here, therefore, the District Court
should interpret the TCPA under ordinary principles of stat-
utory interpretation, affording appropriate respect to the
agency's interpretation.
Page Proof Pending PublicationA
The Hobbs Act provides in relevant part: "The court of
appeals... has exclusive jurisdiction to enjoin, set aside,
suspend (in whole or in part), or to determine the validity of... all fnal orders of the Federal Communication[s] Commis-
sion made reviewable by section 402(a) of title 47." 28
U. S. C.. Under the Hobbs Act, when the FCC is-
sues certain orders, any "party aggrieved" has 60 days to fle
a petition in a court of appeals seeking review of the order
and declaratory or injunctive relief against the enforcement
of the order., 2344, 2349. If more than one petition
for review is fled within that 60-day period, the petitions
are then consolidated in a single court of appeals..
The Hobbs Act also governs review of certain actions of the
Department of Agriculture, Department of Transportation,
Federal Maritime Commission, Nuclear Regulatory Commis-
sion, Surface Transportation Board, and Department of
Housing and Urban Development. See -- (7).
 Cite as: (2025) 153

Opinion of the Court

Pre-enforcement review under the Hobbs Act allows regu-
lated and affected parties to obtain greater clarity about
their legal rights and obligations -- rather than taking their
chances and hoping to prevail in later enforcement proceed-
ings. The Hobbs Act requires parties who want to challenge
the legality of agency rules or orders in a pre-enforcement
proceeding to do so both promptly and in a court of appeals.
That pre-enforcement review process avoids the delays and
uncertainty that otherwise could ensue from multiple pre-
enforcement suits fled across time in multiple district courts
and from subsequent appeals in the courts of appeals.
Suppose, however, that no one fles a pre-enforcement suit
challenging an agency rule or order. Or suppose that a
court of appeals upholds the agency's statutory interpreta-
tion in a pre-enforcement challenge. Either way, a critical
follow-on question is whether the Hobbs Act bars different
parties in subsequent enforcement proceedings from ar-
guing -- and district courts from concluding -- that the agency
Page Proof Pending Publication
incorrectly interpreted the statute. The answer is no.1
To understand why, we frst must distinguish the three
categories of statutes that authorize pre-enforcement review
of agency rules and orders.
Statutes in the frst category authorize pre-enforcement
judicial review and expressly preclude judicial review in sub-
sequent enforcement proceedings. Examples include the
Clean Water Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Re-
sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA),
and the Clean Air Act. The Clean Water Act provides for
pre-enforcement review of certain agency actions in a court
of appeals and generally requires parties to seek review

1
We use the term "enforcement proceedings" in this opinion as short-
hand for what the Administrative Procedure Act calls "civil or criminal
proceedings for judicial enforcement." 5 U. S. C.. As we use the
term here, it includes both (i) enforcement actions brought by the Govern-
ment and (ii) civil suits brought by private parties alleging a defendant's
violation of a statute, regulation, or order.
154 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

within 120 days. See 33 U. S. C. (1). Importantly,
the Act also states that those agency actions "shall not be
subject to judicial review in any civil or criminal proceeding
for enforcement." (2). CERCLA likewise allows
parties to seek pre-enforcement review of any covered regu-
lation in the D. C. Circuit within 90 days. See 42 U. S. C.. Like the Clean Water Act, CERCLA specifes
that those regulations "shall not be subject to judicial review
in any civil or criminal proceeding for enforcement." Ibid.
Similarly, the Clean Air Act generally authorizes parties to
fle pre-enforcement petitions for review in the appropriate
court of appeals within 60 days. See (1). The
Clean Air Act, too, states that those agency actions "shall
not be subject to judicial review in civil or criminal proceed-
ings for enforcement." (2).
The second category lies at the opposite pole -- it consists
of pre-enforcement judicial review statutes that also ex-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pressly authorize (or at least expressly contemplate) judicial
review in subsequent enforcement proceedings. For in-
stance, the Toxic Substances Control Act states that courts
of appeals "shall have exclusive jurisdiction of any action to
obtain judicial review (other than in an enforcement pro-
ceeding)." 15 U. S. C. (1)(A), (a)(1)(B). A similar provision authorizes review of certain
Federal Trade Commission rules. (5)(B). Those
statutes recognize judicial review in pre-enforcement suits
and enforcement proceedings alike.
Statutes in the third category fall between the frst two
categories. Those statutes provide for pre-enforcement re-
view but are silent on the question of whether a party may
contest the agency's legal interpretation in subsequent en-
forcement proceedings. The Hobbs Act is one example.
Others include statutes that authorize review of certain
Securities and Exchange Commission and Department of
Labor rules and orders. See, 80a -- 42(a), 80b -- 13(a);
29 U. S. C..
 Cite as: (2025) 155

Opinion of the Court

That third category raises the key question here: What
is the default rule for pre-enforcement review statutes that
neither expressly preclude nor expressly authorize judicial
review in subsequent enforcement proceedings? As rele-
vant here, is the proper default rule in enforcement proceed-
ings (i) to preclude district courts from reviewing an
agency's statutory interpretation or (ii) to allow district
courts to review an agency's statutory interpretation? 2
Fundamental principles of administrative law establish the
proper default rule: In an enforcement proceeding, a dis-
trict court must independently determine for itself whether
the agency's interpretation of a statute is correct. District
courts are not bound by the agency's interpretation, but in-
stead must determine the meaning of the law under ordinary
principles of statutory interpretation, affording appropriate
respect to the agency's interpretation. See Loper Bright
Enterprises v. Raimondo, (2024).3
That is the proper default rule for a variety of reasons.
Page Proof Pending Publication
To begin, this Court has long recognized a " `basic presump-
tion of judicial review' " of agency action. Weyerhaeuser Co.
v. United States Fish and Wildlife Serv., 
(2018) ). As a general matter, "unless there is per-
2
Judicial review in enforcement proceedings of course may also include
review of whether the rule or order was arbitrary and capricious under
the APA or otherwise was unlawful. Because this case involves interpre-
tation of a statute, we focus here on that scenario.
3
To be clear, if a party challenges an agency action in a pre-enforcement
suit in a court of appeals and loses, that specifc party may be barred by
ordinary estoppel or preclusion principles from relitigating the same ques-
tion in a future enforcement proceeding. See Abbott Laboratories v.
Gardner, (1967). Moreover, if the district court in the
enforcement proceeding sits in the same circuit as the court of appeals
that decided a pre-enforcement suit, the district court may be bound under
principles of vertical stare decisis to adhere to the court of appeals holding.
Neither of those scenarios is present here because neither McLaughlin nor
any other party brought a pre-enforcement suit regarding the Amerifac-
tors order.
156 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

suasive reason to believe" that Congress intended to pre-
clude judicial review, this Court will not preclude review.
Bowen v. Michigan Academy of Family Physicians, (1986) (quotation marks omitted); see Bouarfa
v. Mayorkas, (2024); Cuozzo Speed Technolo-
gies, LLC v. Lee, (2016).
In this enforcement-proceeding context, that presumption
is codifed in the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U. S. C.. Section 703 provides: "Except to the extent that
prior, adequate, and exclusive opportunity for judicial review
is provided by law, agency action is subject to judicial re-
view in civil or criminal proceedings for judicial enforce-
ment." (Emphasis added.) Therefore, itself articu-
lates the default principle that parties in enforcement
proceedings can challenge an agency's interpretation of a
statute. Indeed, in 1947, the year after the APA was
enacted, the Attorney General's Manual on the Administra-
tive Procedure Act explained that in "many situations," "an
Page Proof Pending Publication
appropriate method of attacking the validity of agency action
is to set up the alleged invalidity as a defense in a civil or
criminal enforcement proceeding." Dept. of Justice, Attor-
ney General's Manual on the Administrative Procedure Act
99 (1947).
Consistent with the background presumption of judicial re-
view and, this Court's precedents have held that a
party usually may seek judicial review of an agency's rule or
order in an enforcement proceeding. Courts presume that
"parties may always assail a regulation as exceeding the
agency's statutory authority in enforcement proceedings
against them." Corner Post, Inc. v. Board of Governors,
(2024) (quotation marks omitted).4

4
The dissent, relying on Thunder Basin Coal Co. v. Reich, objects that
the presumption of judicial review does not apply unless a statute would
preclude all judicial review. Post, at 178 -- 179 ). That objection is misplaced for two reasons. First, the pre-
sumption of judicial review applies to "statutes that may limit or preclude
 Cite as: (2025) 157

Opinion of the Court

To be sure, in 1967, this Court's decision in Abbott Labora-
tories v. Gardner revolutionized administrative law by more
regularly allowing pre-enforcement challenges to agency
rules and orders under the APA, at least absent statutory
preclusion of such pre-enforcement review. 387 U. S., at
139 -- 141. But Abbott Laboratories did not purport to elimi-
nate judicial review in enforcement proceedings. Indeed,
eliminating such review would have thwarted a key aim of
the Abbott Laboratories decision, which was to expand the
opportunities for judicial review by allowing challenges to
agency action in either pre-enforcement suits or enforcement
proceedings. See id., at 140 -- 141.
In short, the background presumption of judicial review,
the text of of the APA, and the tradition and precedents
allowing parties in enforcement proceedings to contest an
agency's interpretation combine to establish a clear default
rule: In enforcement proceedings, district courts independ-
ently determine whether an agency's interpretation of a stat-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ute is correct.
To be clear, the default rule is only a default, meaning that
it applies only absent congressional indication otherwise.
When Congress wants to preclude judicial review in enforce-
ment proceedings, it can easily say so. The Clean Water
Act, CERCLA, and the Clean Air Act all expressly preclude

review." Cuozzo Speed Technologies, LLC v. Lee, (2016). The presumption can apply with varying degrees of
strength. Compare Thunder Basin, 510 U. S., at 207, (not applying
"the strong presumption that Congress did not mean to prohibit all judicial
review" because "court of appeals review is available" (quotation marks
omitted)), with id., at 207, 216 (nonetheless applying a presumption of judi-
cial review and determining that it was overcome by "fairly discernible"
intent (quotation marks omitted)); see also Elgin v. Department of Treas-
ury, -- 10 (2012). Second, this case raises a different issue
than Thunder Basin. This case concerns the availability of judicial re-
view in enforcement proceedings, and as we have explained, the relevant
presumption for purposes of judicial review in enforcement proceedings is
codifed in of the APA.
158 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

judicial review in enforcement proceedings. But absent
such congressional preclusion, judicial review should be
available.
The default rule also avoids unnecessary litigation and un-
fairness. It would be impractical -- and an enormous waste
of resources -- to demand that every potentially affected
party bring or join pre-enforcement Hobbs Act challenges
against every agency rule or order that might possibly affect
them at some point in the future. As Justice Powell spelled
out in a similar context, it "is totally unrealistic to assume
that more than a fraction of the persons and entities affected
by a regulation -- especially small contractors scattered
across the country -- would have knowledge of its promulga-
tion or familiarity with or access to the Federal Register."
Adamo Wrecking Co. v. United States, 
(1978) (concurring opinion).
On some occasions, moreover, the entities in an enforce-
ment proceeding may not have existed when the relevant
Page Proof Pending Publication
agency rule or order was frst issued. Or at that time, they
may have had no reason to suspect that they could be en-
snared in future enforcement proceedings involving that
agency action.
Requiring all those potentially affected parties to some-
how predict the future and bring a pre-enforcement chal-
lenge within 60 days or otherwise lose their right to chal-
lenge an agency's interpretation of a statute down the road
in an enforcement proceeding would be highly unusual -- and
would rightly strike many affected parties as grossly unfair.
That no doubt explains why Congress rarely enacts such
statutes.5

5
Indeed, the unfairness that would otherwise ensue could potentially
rise to the level of a constitutional due process problem. Barring defend-
ants in enforcement actions from raising arguments about the legality of
agency rules or orders enforced against them raises signifcant questions
under the Due Process Clause -- especially for parties that did not exist or
had no good or reasonably foreseeable reason to sue when the agency rule
 Cite as: (2025) 159

Opinion of the Court

All of those considerations taken together lead to a very
straightforward principle: When Congress wants to bar a
district court in an enforcement proceeding from reviewing
an agency's interpretation of a statute, Congress can and
must say so. We do not presume that Congress silently in-
tended to preclude judicial review in enforcement proceed-
ings. Rather, the default rule is that district courts in
enforcement proceedings may conclude that an agency's in-
terpretation of a statute is incorrect.
B
Unlike the Clean Water Act, CERCLA, and the Clean Air
Act, the Hobbs Act does not expressly preclude review in
enforcement proceedings. So the default rule applies,
meaning that judicial review of the FCC's statutory interpre-
tation is available in this enforcement proceeding unless the
Hobbs Act provides otherwise. McKesson and the Govern-
ment advance several arguments that the Hobbs Act should
Page Proof Pending Publication
be interpreted to preclude judicial review of an agency's
interpretation in an enforcement proceeding. None is
persuasive.
First, McKesson and the Government say that the text of
the Hobbs Act overrides the default rule. They point to the
language in the Hobbs Act stating that the court of appeals
in a pre-enforcement challenge possesses "exclusive jurisdic-
tion" to "enjoin, set aside, suspend (in whole or in part), or
to determine the validity" of the agency order. 28 U. S. C.. They seize on the language "exclusive jurisdiction

or order was frst issued. In Adamo Wrecking Co. v. United States, Jus-
tice Powell warned that the preclusion-of-review provision of the Clean
Air Act raised constitutional issues that "merited serious consideration."
(1978) (concurring opinion). The D. C. Circuit likewise
has cautioned that provisions of that sort raise a "substantial due process
question." Chrysler Corp. v. EPA, 600 F. 2d 904, 913 (1979). We avoid
those due process concerns in Hobbs Act cases by adhering to the default
rule of allowing judicial review of agency legal interpretations in enforce-
ment proceedings.
160 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court... to determine the validity." They argue that if the
district court in an enforcement proceeding could disagree
with an agency's statutory interpretation, the district court
would in essence "determine the validity" of the order -- 
thereby contravening the Hobbs Act's grant of exclusive juris-
diction to the court of appeals to do so in a pre-enforcement
suit.
That argument is mistaken. In this context, a court of
appeals determines the validity of the agency order by enter-
ing a declaratory judgment that declares the order valid or
invalid. Critically, if a district court in an enforcement pro-
ceeding disagrees with the agency's interpretation of a stat-
ute, the district court does not issue such a declaratory judg-
ment. Rather, the district court simply determines the
liability of the defendant under the correct interpretation of
the statute. In other words, when exercising judicial review
in an enforcement proceeding, a district court may consider
Page Proof Pending Publication
the validity of the agency order, but the court does not "de-
termine the validity" of that order in the sense of entering
a declaratory judgment, which is how that phrase is used in. Therefore, district court review does not confict
with the Hobbs Act.
Notably, moreover, the statutory phrase "determine the
validity" is preceded by the terms "enjoin," "set aside," and
"suspend." Here, McKesson claims that "determine the va-
lidity" goes beyond a form of relief (that is, beyond a declara-
tory judgment) and extends to "a court's decisional process
in evaluating an order's merits." Brief for Respondents 9.
But the noscitur a sociis canon counsels against reading the
term "determine the validity" to be different in kind and
broader than the other three terms, which are all forms of
relief. See, e. g., Fischer v. United States, -- 
488 (2024); Freeman v. Quicken Loans, Inc., -- 635 (2012).
In addition, a variation of the phrase "determine the valid-
ity" appears in another provision of the Hobbs Act,.
 Cite as: (2025) 161

Opinion of the Court

That provision states that the court of appeals in a pre-
enforcement proceeding "has exclusive jurisdiction" to enter
"a judgment determining the validity of, and enjoining, set-
ting aside, or suspending, in whole or in part, the order of
the agency.".
The phrase "judgment determining the validity" in 
further confrms that the phrase "determine the validity" in
refers to a declaratory judgment. The two provisions
work in tandem, not at odds, and they have a consistent
meaning. The main point of is to identify the relevant
courts that may hear pre-enforcement challenges -- namely,
the courts of appeals -- and to list the agency actions that the
Hobbs Act covers. Section 2349 specifes in more proce-
dural detail that a court of appeals exercises jurisdiction
upon "the fling and service of a petition," and it authorizes
the court of appeals to enter a judgment upon review of "the
petition, evidence, and proceedings set forth" in the adminis-
trative record. Ibid. So the language in further
Page Proof Pending Publication
supports our conclusion about the meaning of : In an
enforcement proceeding, a district court is not bound by an
agency's statutory interpretation.6
As the dissent notes, the Hobbs Act provides "exclusive
jurisdiction" to the courts of appeals.. But the
question is: "exclusive jurisdiction" to do what? Under the
Hobbs Act, the courts of appeals have exclusive jurisdiction
to hear pre-enforcement challenges, meaning that district
courts may not entertain those pre-enforcement suits. That
language does not bar district courts in enforcement pro-
ceedings from independently interpreting the meaning of the
statute at issue.

6
The dissent says that we have erred in our analysis of the Hobbs Act's
text by "adding words" -- specifcally, by reading the phrase "determine
the validity" in the Hobbs Act to mean "issue a declaratory judgment
determining the validity." Post, at 172. We are not adding words; we are
simply interpreting the phrases "judgment determining the validity" and
"determine the validity" in this statute to refer to a declaratory judgment.
162 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

In short, the Hobbs Act does not bar McLaughlin from
arguing in the district court enforcement proceeding that the
FCC's interpretation of the TCPA is incorrect. The Hobbs
Act dictates how, when, and in what court a party can chal-
lenge a new agency order before enforcement. The Act does
not purport to address, much less preclude, district court
review in enforcement proceedings. So the District Court
in this enforcement proceeding can decide what the statute
means under ordinary principles of statutory interpretation,
affording appropriate respect to the FCC's interpretation.
By doing so, the District Court will not "determine the valid-
ity" of the FCC's Amerifactors order and thus will not con-
travene the Hobbs Act.
One additional note: Even if the text of the Hobbs Act
were ambiguous as to whether it precludes judicial review of
an agency interpretation in enforcement proceedings, ambi-
guity does not suffce to deprive a party of that judicial re-
view. See, e. g., Guerrero-Lasprilla v. Barr, Page Proof Pending Publication
229 (2020); Cuozzo Speed Technologies, 579 U. S., at 273. To
deny a party like McLaughlin the opportunity to contest the
agency's interpretation in an enforcement proceeding, Con-
gress must clearly preclude such review. The Hobbs Act
does not do so.
Second, McKesson and the Government turn to precedent
and say that one of this Court's cases -- Yakus v. United
States, (1944) -- already construed a statute sim-
ilar to the Hobbs Act to bar judicial review in enforcement
proceedings. That argument, too, is misplaced.
In Yakus, the Court considered pre-enforcement suits au-
thorized by the Emergency Price Control Act of 1942. The
question was whether the Act's authorization of pre-
enforcement suits for adjudicating the validity of World War
II pricing regulations and orders precluded judicial review
in subsequent enforcement proceedings. See id., at 418.
The Emergency Price Control Act contained two key sen-
tences governing judicial review. The frst sentence said
that a specially created federal court possessed "exclusive
 Cite as: (2025) 163

Opinion of the Court

jurisdiction to determine the validity of any regulation or
order" covered by the Act. 56 Stat. 33.
That frst sentence is similar to of the Hobbs Act.
The second sentence said: "Except as provided in this sec-
tion, no court, Federal, State, or Territorial, shall have juris-
diction or power to consider the validity of any such regu-
lation, order, or price schedule." Ibid..
That second sentence is not replicated in the Hobbs Act, but
is similar to the preclusion-of-review provisions in the Clean
Water Act, CERCLA, and the Clean Air Act.
According to the Court in Yakus, the frst sentence of the
Emergency Price Control Act, which gave a specifc court
the exclusive jurisdiction to determine the validity of certain
regulations, "coupled with the provision" that explicitly pro-
vided that no other court had jurisdiction to "consider" the
validity of those same regulations, deprived the District
Court in the later enforcement proceeding of authority to
consider the legality of the relevant price regulation. 321
Page Proof Pending Publication
U. S., at 429 -- 430.
By using the phrase "coupled with," the Yakus Court rea-
soned that those two sentences of the Emergency Price Con-
trol Act together barred district court review. The frst sen-
tence alone did not suffce. Importantly, moreover, Yakus
did not treat the second sentence of the Emergency Price
Control Act -- which barred all other courts from even consid-
ering the validity of the regulations -- as redundant or a re-
statement of the frst. On the contrary, the Court recog-
nized that the two provisions achieved separate objectives.
The frst sentence afforded a particular court "exclusive" ju-
risdiction "to determine the validity" of a pricing regulation
in a pre-enforcement challenge. Id., at 443. The second
sentence, in turn, foreclosed "any further or other consider-
ation of the validity of a regulation" in enforcement proceed-
ings. Ibid. The word "exclusive" in the frst sentence did
not itself bar any subsequent review in enforcement proceed-
ings. If it had, then the second sentence of the Emergency
Price Control Act -- barring any other consideration of the
164 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

validity of the regulations -- would have been unnecessary.
Yet the Act included the second sentence and, importantly,
the Yakus Court then expressly relied on that second sen-
tence in deciding that review was precluded in subsequent
enforcement proceedings.
In 1950, six years after Yakus, Congress enacted the
Hobbs Act. According to McKesson and the Government,
Congress replicated relevant provisions of the Emergency
Price Control Act in the Hobbs Act. Not so. In enacting
of the Hobbs Act, Congress incorporated language re-
sembling the frst sentence of the Emergency Price Control
Act that granted the courts of appeals exclusive jurisdiction
to entertain pre-enforcement challenges to determine the va-
lidity of agency rules and orders. But Congress did not
carry forward the second sentence of the Emergency Price
Control Act, which provided that no other court had jurisdic-
tion even to "consider the validity" of those same agency
rules and orders. In the Hobbs Act, in other words, Con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
gress did not include the language from the Emergency Price
Control Act that, as interpreted in Yakus, would have ex-
pressly communicated Congress's decision to preclude dis-
trict courts from considering the validity of certain rules
and orders.
In relying on Yakus, McKesson and the Government also
disregard a critical contextual difference between the Emer-
gency Price Control Act and the Hobbs Act. Congress de-
signed the Emergency Price Control Act for the wartime
context, where the need for quick and defnitive judicial rul-
ings was at its zenith. By contrast, the Hobbs Act is an
omnibus administrative review statute that covers a variety
of agency rules and orders, without an exigency of that kind.
Because the Emergency Price Control Act differs in im-
portant textual and contextual ways from the Hobbs Act,
Yakus does not control here.
McKesson and the Government also rely on two Hobbs Act
cases, Port of Boston Marine Terminal Assn. v. Rederiak-
tiebolaget Transatlantic, (1970), and FCC v. ITT
 Cite as: (2025) 165

Opinion of the Court

World Communications, Inc., (1984). But
those cases likewise do not advance their cause. In Port of
Boston, two private parties had been opposed to one another
in an agency's adjudicative proceeding. 400 U. S., at 65 -- 66.
Then, the losing party in the adjudicative proceeding inter-
vened in an ongoing District Court suit against the other
party, seeking to relitigate the agency's decision. Id., at 64 -- 
67. ITT World similarly involved a party who lost before
the agency and then turned around and sued the agency in
District Court. 466 U. S., at 465 -- 466, 468. In both cases,
this Court held that the Hobbs Act barred the suit. See
Port of Boston, 400 U. S., at 72; ITT World, 466 U. S., at
468. Those decisions mean only that a form of estoppel or
preclusion applies when two parties are opposed in an
agency's adjudicative proceeding -- and the losing party then
seeks to upset the result of that adjudicative proceeding in
an ordinary district court suit rather than in the court of
appeals venue provided by statute. See also, supra.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The litigation between McLaughlin and McKesson at issue in
this case does not implicate those concerns about "collateral
redetermination of the same issue" involving the same par-
ties "in a different and inappropriate forum." Port of Bos-
ton, 400 U. S., at 72.
To be sure, as McKesson and the Government note, one
paragraph near the end of the Port of Boston opinion could
be read more broadly than simply relying on estoppel or pre-
clusion principles. See ibid. But that paragraph was
styled as alternative reasoning and, if read broadly, would
be inconsistent with fundamental principles of administra-
tive law and judicial review that this Court has emphasized
in the years since. So we decline to adopt that broader
reading and instead confne Port of Boston to the estoppel
and preclusion principles that formed the primary basis for
the decision.7
7
On a related tack, McKesson and the Government point to century-old
precedents interpreting the Urgent Defciencies Act of 1913, a predecessor
to the Hobbs Act. 38 Stat. 208; see Venner v. Michigan Central R. Co.,
166 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

Third, McKesson and the Government argue that practical
problems could ensue if the Hobbs Act did not bar judicial
review of agency legal interpretations in enforcement
proceedings.
They raise concern about the potential disagreement and
ineffciency that could crop up if courts in enforcement pro-
ceedings independently interpret statutes instead of follow-
ing an agency's interpretation. That policy-laden argument
does not overcome the text of the statute and traditional
administrative law principles. Moreover, the argument is
unpersuasive even on its own terms. If an agency order is
upheld in a pre-enforcement challenge by a court of appeals,
it is true that a different court of appeals (upon review of
a district court's decision) might disagree with the agency's
interpretation in an appeal from a subsequent enforcement
proceeding. But that inter-circuit disagreement would sim-
ply create a circuit split on the interpretation of the law and
Page Proof Pending Publication
likely trigger review in this Court. Circuit splits followed
by this Court's review are commonplace. There is no reason
to think that Congress wanted to short-circuit that ordinary
system of judicial review for the multiplicity of agency rules
and orders encompassed by the Hobbs Act.

(1926); Lambert Run Coal Co. v. Baltimore & Ohio R. Co.,
(1922). In those cases, the plaintiffs sued private defendants
and challenged agency decisions that had specifcally authorized those de-
fendants to engage in the disputed conduct -- by granting what in essence
was a license or waiver to the defendants. In the District Courts, the
plaintiffs sought injunctions that would negate the agency's license or
waiver and prevent the defendants "from doing what the order specifcally
authorizes." Venner, 271 U. S., at 130; see Lambert, 258 U. S., at 379 -- 382.
This Court held that the proper avenue for that kind of challenge was pre-
enforcement review in the court designated by the Urgent Defciencies
Act. In the Court's view, the plaintiffs' requested relief was "equivalent
to asking that the order be adjudged invalid and set aside." Venner, 271
U. S., at 130; see Lambert, 258 U. S., at 381 -- 382. Those cases therefore
do not shed light on the broader issue in this case -- namely, the general
availability of judicial review in enforcement proceedings.
 Cite as: (2025) 167

Opinion of the Court

The Government separately suggests that judicial review
is not necessary in any event because an affected party who
did not bring a pre-enforcement challenge can always peti-
tion the agency for a new rulemaking or declaratory order.
That is a largely empty promise. To begin, if the Govern-
ment actually supports judicial review after the initial 60-
day Hobbs Act period, it makes little sense to squeeze review
into that convoluted route rather than recognizing judicial
review in enforcement proceedings. More fundamentally,
judicial review may not always be available under that route,
or it may take many years for the agency to act on a petition
for a new rulemaking or declaratory order. And even if ju-
dicial review of a denied petition is available, "the ability to
petition" an agency for a new rulemaking or declaratory
order is not "a suffcient substitute for de novo judicial re-
view of its lawfulness" because the "agency's discretionary
decision to decline to take new action would be subject only
Page Proof Pending Publication
to deferential judicial review." Corner Post, 603 U. S., at
825, (quotation marks omitted). In short, the Govern-
ment's suggestion of an alternative path of judicial review
is largely illusory in practice and does not supply a basis
for denying judicial review in district court enforcement
proceedings.
The dissent expresses concern about how our decision will
affect the incentives of regulated parties. See post, at 169,
183. Invoking plutonium shippers and nuclear reactor oper-
ators, the dissent says that regulated parties like those will
be emboldened to violate agency rules and orders, all be-
cause those regulated parties may challenge the validity of
agency rules and orders in subsequent enforcement proceed-
ings. But the APA itself makes judicial review available in
both pre-enforcement proceedings and enforcement proceed-
ings, so our decision today does not create some unusual pro-
cedure. See Abbott Laboratories, 387 U. S., at 140 -- 141.
Indeed, as is true under the APA, many regulated parties
will prefer to challenge a rule or order in a pre-enforcement
168 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

proceeding -- that is, before running the risk of ruinous liabil-
ity in an enforcement proceeding. Avoiding exposure to lia-
bility in an enforcement proceeding is a core purpose of pre-
enforcement review. See id., at 153 -- 154. We do not think
that the availability of judicial review in district court en-
forcement proceedings will create the negative incentives
that the dissent is concerned about.
As it has done with the Clean Water Act, CERCLA, and
the Clean Air Act, Congress can choose to expressly preclude
judicial review in enforcement proceedings (subject to consti-
tutional constraints). But we should not lightly conclude
that Congress wants to simultaneously deny judicial review
in enforcement proceedings whenever it grants particular
courts "exclusive jurisdiction" over pre-enforcement chal-
lenges. That would blindside parties who would not neces-
sarily have anticipated that they should have fled a pre-
enforcement challenge, insulate agencies from circuit splits,
and thereby render this Court's review of signifcant agency
Page Proof Pending Publication
rules and orders less likely. Such an interpretation would
read far too much into a few oblique words in the Hobbs Act.
To the extent we consider real-world effects, moreover,
they cut against McKesson and the Government. As Mc-
Kesson and the Government see things, when the initial win-
dow for pre-enforcement review closes, no one can argue in
court that the agency's interpretation of a statute is incor-
rect -- no matter how wrong the agency's interpretation
might be. In other words, their argument would require the
District Court to afford absolute deference to the agency.
We see no good rationale for reading the Hobbs Act to em-
body such an absolute-deference rule.

* * *
The District Court is not bound by the FCC's interpreta-
tion of the TCPA. The District Court should interpret the
statute as courts traditionally do under ordinary principles
of statutory interpretation, affording appropriate respect to
the agency's interpretation.
 Cite as: (2025) 169

Kagan, J., dissenting

McKesson separately contends that we should affrm any-
way because, in its view, the FCC's interpretation of the
TCPA is correct. Consistent with our usual practice, we
leave that issue for remand. We reverse the judgment of
the Court of Appeals and remand the case for further pro-
ceedings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Kagan, with whom Justice Sotomayor and
Justice Jackson join, dissenting.
Imagine the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is-
sues a rule to ensure the safe handling of nuclear material -- 
for example, by prohibiting the shipment of (radioactive) plu-
tonium by air. See 10 CFR.88 (2024). And imagine,
too, that a regulated party thinks the rule exceeds the
NRC's statutory authority. Must the party challenge the
rule right away -- before putting plutonium on a plane -- by
bringing its arguments to a court of appeals? Or can the
Page Proof Pending Publication
party send plutonium through the skies without regard to
the rule, and contest its validity only when (really, if) the
NRC initiates an enforcement action?
Today, the Court picks the second option: ship frst, litigate
later. The Hobbs Act provides for prompt pre-enforcement
judicial review of much agency action, including most of the
NRC's rules and orders. See 28 U. S. C.. But as
the majority sees things, the Act "does not preclude district
courts" from declaring a rule or order invalid years after it
issued, at the behest of a party who declined to seek judicial
review in the frst instance. Ante, at 152. So a regulated
party, as in my plutonium example, can violate an agency's
rule, wait for the agency to discover the offense and bring
an enforcement action, and only then challenge the rule as
going beyond statutory authority. And the same is true in
private litigation (as here), for either a plaintiff or a defend-
ant. If, for example, a defendant raises an agency's rule or
order in a civil suit (as McKesson did to defeat McLaughlin's
class action), the plaintiff can always respond by challenging
170 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Kagan, J., dissenting

the agency action's validity. And that is so, in both the ad-
ministrative and the private contexts, even if appellate
courts have previously approved the agency rule or order,
so long as those judicial decisions are not somehow binding
(which they often will not be).
But the Court's conclusion is wrong, as a matter of ordi-
nary statutory interpretation. The text of the Hobbs Act
makes clear that litigants who have declined to seek pre-
enforcement judicial review may not contest the statutory
validity of agency action in later district-court enforcement
proceedings. And this Court's prior decisions have said just
that. Today's majority evades the Hobbs Act's most natural
meaning by relying on a novel "default rule," which demands
that Congress use a certain form of words -- really, that Con-
gress create statutory redundancy -- to preclude parties from
bringing down-the-road challenges to agency action. That
rule has no foundation in our law; it emerges fully formed
today from the majority's head. And it prevents the Hobbs
Page Proof Pending Publication
Act from functioning as Congress wanted -- by allowing regu-
lated parties to end-run the Act's pre-enforcement judicial
review scheme, and thereby undermine the stability and ef-
fcacy of administrative programs.

I
Under the Hobbs Act, the federal courts of appeals have
"exclusive jurisdiction to enjoin, set aside, suspend (in whole
or in part), or to determine the validity of " specifed agency
rules and orders.. The question here is whether the
Act -- despite vesting that "exclusive jurisdiction" in the
courts of appeals -- still allows a litigant to attack the validity
of a covered agency action in a district-court enforcement
proceeding. Or otherwise asked: May a party in a district-
court suit challenge a covered agency action, many years
after the action issued and underwent judicial review, as part
of his claim or defense?
The Hobbs Act's text provides the answer. By its terms,
the Hobbs Act gives courts of appeals exclusive authority to
 Cite as: (2025) 171

Kagan, J., dissenting

"determine the validity" of specifed agency actions. "Ex-
clusive," of course, means courts of appeals alone, not district
courts. And there lies the problem for a party challenging
agency action in a district court, not a court of appeals.
When he objects to an order because it misconstrues a stat-
ute, he asks the district court to "determine the [order's]
validity." The court, to address the claim, has to settle or
decide ("determine") whether the challenged agency action
is lawful ("valid"). See, e. g., Black's Law Dictionary 536,
1719 (4th ed. 1951) (defning "determine" to mean "settle" or
"decide," and "validity" to mean "[l]egal suffciency"); see
also id., at 1719 (defning "valid" to mean "legally suffcient"
or "authorized by law"). So the party's request is for the
district court to do exactly what the Hobbs Act says it can-
not. This case could be Exhibit A. McLaughlin wants
a district court to disregard the Federal Communications
Commission's (FCC's) Amerifactors order, 34 FCC Rcd.
Page Proof Pending Publication
11950 (2019), on the ground that it conficts with the Tele-
phone Consumer Protection Act. See ante, at 150 -- 151.
But to do that, the district court would need to decide (or
"determine") that Amerifactors is legally wrong (or "in-
valid"). And the Hobbs Act reserves such determinations
for the federal courts of appeals. As the statute says, their
jurisdiction is "exclusive." 1

1
One exception bears mention: Under of the Administrative Proce-
dure Act (APA), a litigant may challenge agency action in a district court
when he lacked an "adequate... opportunity" to obtain pre-enforcement
review of the action in a court of appeals by way of the Hobbs Act. See
5 U. S. C. ("Except to the extent that prior, adequate, and exclusive
opportunity for judicial review is provided by law, agency action is subject
to judicial review in civil or criminal proceedings for judicial enforcement"
). So if a specifc litigant did not have a practical way to
seek pre-enforcement review under the Hobbs Act -- as, for example, a new
business would not -- then that litigant can use an enforcement proceeding
to challenge an agency action. Contra, ante, at 158. But that beneft does
not extend to a party that has intentionally or negligently forgone Hobbs
Act review. That kind of party had, but passed up, an "adequate opportu-
nity." And there is no dispute here that McLaughlin is such a party: It
172 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Kagan, J., dissenting

The majority's contrary reading of "determine the valid-
ity" has nothing to recommend it. In the majority's view, a
court determines the validity of an agency order only when
it "enter[s] a declaratory judgment" holding the order valid
or invalid. See ante, at 160. And because (the majority
continues) a district court in an enforcement proceeding does
not enter a declaratory judgment, its ruling on validity does
not collide with the Hobbs Act. But why read "determine
the validity" to mean "issue a declaratory judgment de-
termining the validity"? By adding words to the phrase -- 
usually considered bad practice in statutory interpretation -- 
the majority narrows its meaning. See, e. g., Lomax v.
Ortiz-Marquez, (2020) ("[T]his Court may
not narrow a provision's reach by inserting words Congress
chose to omit"). As Congress drafted the phrase, it refers
to any method of, or mechanism for, determining an order's
validity; as the majority reads the phrase, it reduces to only
one. Had Congress meant to refer to only that one, it had
Page Proof Pending Publication
a perfectly easy way to do so -- just insert language, along
the lines of the italics above, mentioning declaratory judg-
ments. Congress of course knows how to do that when it
wants to. See, e. g., 5 U. S. C. (referring to "actions for
declaratory judgments"). It did not want to here. It gave
exclusive jurisdiction to the courts of appeals to "determine
the validity of " specifed agency orders and rules -- by what-
ever means, not just by entering declaratory judgments.2

knew about, but decided not to participate in, consideration of the Ameri-
factors order. See Pet. for Cert. 20.
2
The noscitur a sociis canon does not come to the majority's aid. Ac-
cording to the majority, the phrase preceding "to determine the valid-
ity" -- "to enjoin, set aside, suspend" -- refers to awarding "forms of relief."
Ante, at 160. And because a declaratory judgment is also a form of relief,
the majority claims that the general language of the "validity" phrase
should be narrowed to that particular. See ibid. But there are at least
three things wrong with that idea. First, there is just not enough ambi-
guity in the words "determine the validity" to resort to the highly nuanced
and often unreliable noscitur canon. See, e. g., United States v. Stevens,
 Cite as: (2025) 173

Kagan, J., dissenting

History and precedent confrm that view. At the time
Congress drafted the Hobbs Act, this Court had held that
two statutes like it applied whenever a litigant's claim or
defense called agency action into question. See Venner v.
Michigan Central R. Co., (1926); Yakus v.
United States, (1944). Congress enacted the
Hobbs Act against the backdrop of those decisions, presum-
ably intending to replicate their results. See, e. g., Parker
Drilling Management Services, Ltd. v. Newton, (2019) ("It is a commonplace of statutory interpreta-
tion that `Congress legislates against the backdrop of exist-
ing law' "). And this Court has previously read the Hobbs
Act as doing exactly that -- as preventing later, collateral at-
tacks on agency orders that could have been challenged at
the time they issued.
Begin with Venner, which involved a Hobbs Act predeces-
sor called the Urgent Defciencies Act. The case arose from
an Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) order permitting
Page Proof Pending Publication
a railroad to participate in a joint venture with two others.
See 271 U. S., at 128 -- 129. A minority shareholder of the
railroad sued to enjoin the venture, arguing that the ICC
had no statutory authority to approve it. But we decided
the District Court lacked jurisdiction. The suit, we ex-
plained, "assail[ed] the validity" of an ICC order by asking
that the railroad "be enjoined from doing what the order

(2010). Second, a careful reader will note that Congress
did not, as the majority does, run the two phrases together as one. Con-
gress's language goes: A court of appeals has exclusive jurisdiction "to
enjoin, set aside, suspend (in whole or in part), or to determine the validity
of " an agency order.. The addition of the second "to" in that pro-
vision marks the "validity" phrase as slightly different from what precedes
it, thus making use of the canon still more inappropriate. And third, the
majority's argument fails even on its own terms, because a court awards
relief as much when it dismisses a suit based on an order's invalidity as
when it issues a declaratory judgment announcing the invalidity. Nothing
in the Hobbs Act suggests that Congress saw a difference in those alterna-
tive ways of providing relief from an illegal order.
174 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Kagan, J., dissenting

specifcally authorize[d]." Id., at 130. And such an attack
on an agency order's validity had to be brought in the court,
and according to the procedures, the Urgent Defciencies Act
directed. See ibid.; see also Lambert Run Coal Co. v. Balti-
more & Ohio R. Co., -- 382 (1922) (similarly
dismissing a civil suit because it was "in effect" an attack
on an agency rule). So Venner precluded, under an earlier
Hobbs-Act-type statute, just what today's majority allows: a
collateral attack on agency action brought as a claim or de-
fense in a later civil suit. If the majority were to apply the
Venner rule today, it would hold that McLaughlin could not
"assail the validity" of the FCC's Amerifactors order except
in the way the Hobbs Act specifes.3
And Venner is no one-off: Yakus understood another
Hobbs Act precursor -- the jurisdictional provision of the
Emergency Price Control Act of 1942 (EPCA) -- in the identi-
cal way. That Act created an agency to issue regulations
and orders involving wartime prices. Relevant here, it also
Page Proof Pending Publication
gave a special court "exclusive jurisdiction to determine the
validity" of those orders, and barred other courts from "con-
sider[ing]" their "validity." See 321 U. S., at 429, 56 Stat. 33). The Court understood that lan-
3
The majority's response, relegated to a footnote, is hard to make out.
It appears to limit the Venner holding to cases where the agency has
issued a party-specifc order -- there, a "license or waiver" -- which a later
legal action seeks to undo. See ante, at 166,. But to begin with,
another decision taking the Venner line -- which the majority also cites -- 
involved a general ICC rule, rather than a party-specifc license or waiver.
See Lambert Run Coal Co., 258 U. S., at 381 -- 382. And anyway, the ma-
jority offers neither authority nor reason for treating the two kinds of
agency action differently -- for varying judicial review based on whether
an agency regulates in gross or instead party-by-party. Why, for exam-
ple, reach a different result in this case because the FCC, instead of licens-
ing a particular company to transmit faxes to an online fax service, created
a regulatory safe-harbor for any entity to do so? The idea is, at a mini-
mum, in tension with usual administrative law principles. See, e. g.,
NLRB v. Bell Aerospace Co., -- 294 (1974) (leaving to
agency discretion the choice between general rules and individualized
proceedings).
 Cite as: (2025) 175

Kagan, J., dissenting

guage -- some ending up verbatim in the Hobbs Act -- to pre-
clude a district court from ruling on the "validity" of the
agency's orders in a later enforcement proceeding (including,
as there, a criminal prosecution for violating the Act). 321
U. S., at 430. That holding follows straightforwardly from
Venner -- and likewise points to a different result today.
The majority thinks Yakus is different because the EPCA
included a surfeit of exclusivity language. See ante, at 162 -- 
164. In one sentence (as in the Hobbs Act), the statute
made clear that the special court had "exclusive jurisdiction"
to "determine the validity" of the agency's orders; in the
next, the law provided that no other court had jurisdiction
to consider such an order's validity. See 321 U. S., at 429.
Because the Yakus Court noted both, the majority argues, it
must have thought the frst sentence insuffcient alone. See
ante, at 163 -- 164. But the majority's conclusion hardly fol-
lows from its observation. Sure, the Yakus Court men-
tioned both sentences, because both were there. (I would
Page Proof Pending Publication
have too.) But if only the frst were there, would the Court
have reached a different conclusion? No, because the sec-
ond sentence is just the negative of the frst: If Court X has
"exclusive jurisdiction" over a matter (here, "determining
the validity" of agency action), Courts Y and Z have no au-
thority over that matter -- just by dint of what "exclusive"
means. And indeed, in a later case involving the EPCA (de-
cided just two years before Congress enacted the Hobbs
Act), we relied only on the language in the frst sentence to
hold that the special court's "exclusive jurisdiction" to "de-
termin[e an order's] validity" precluded a district court from
entertaining a collateral attack on the order. See Woods v.
Hills, -- 214 (1948). The second sentence,
we recognized then, was just the opposite side of the coin,
not worth mentioning. Or, to switch to a more common
statutory interpretation metaphor, the second sentence was
the "lamentably common" suspenders on top of the already
suffcient belt. A. Scalia & B. Garner, Reading Law 177
(2012).
176 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Kagan, J., dissenting

It is thus not surprising that when this Court previously
encountered the Hobbs Act, it reached the same result -- once
again foreclosing a district court's "collateral redetermina-
tion" of the validity of an agency order. Port of Boston Ma-
rine Terminal Assn. v. Rederiaktiebolaget Transatlantic,
(1970). And make no mistake: That is Port
of Boston's holding, however much the majority tries to veil
it. See ante, at 164 -- 165. The case got its start when the
Federal Maritime Commission (FMC) issued an order in a
ratemaking proceeding authorizing a port operator to impose
certain fees on shipowners using the port. Later, a ship-
owner intervened in an ongoing district-court suit to collect
the fees, and sought to argue that the FMC order allowing
them was in error. This Court held that the Hobbs Act
barred consideration of that issue. The Act, we explained,
was "explicit" in giving the courts of appeals "exclusive ju-
risdiction" to "determine the validity" of the FMC's orders.
Page Proof Pending Publication
400 U. S., at 69. And that meant the district court could not
entertain a "collateral attack" on what the FMC had done.
Id., at 71. In the last part of the opinion, the Court re-
sponded to the shipowner's contention that such an attack
was "justif[ied]" because it had not participated in the
FMC's ratemaking. The Court began by noting -- in the sin-
gle paragraph the majority pretends is the crux of the deci-
sion -- that the shipowner really had taken part through an
agent. See ibid. And then the hammer came down: The
shipowner's participation -- or lack thereof -- simply did not
matter. See id., at 72. Even if the shipowner had not
taken part in the ratemaking, "it had every opportunity" to
do so and "then to seek timely review in the Court of Ap-
peals." Ibid. As long as that was true, the shipowner was
stuck. Echoing its earlier holding about the Act's "explicit"
command, the Court again made clear: The shipowner "can-
not force collateral redetermination" of the FMC's decision
"in a different and inappropriate forum." Ibid.
 Cite as: (2025) 177

Kagan, J., dissenting

So the majority today is wrong as a matter of text: The
Hobbs Act gives the courts of appeals exclusive jurisdiction
to determine the validity of agency action, meaning that dis-
trict courts have no jurisdiction to do so. The majority
today is wrong as a matter of history: Congress knew about
that judicial review regime when it enacted the Hobbs Act,
and would have expected the language it used (cribbed as it
was from the EPCA) to produce the same result. And the
majority today is wrong as a matter of precedent: This Court
has held that the Hobbs Act, like its precursors, sets up a
single judicial review mechanism for agency rules and or-
ders, and prevents later collateral attacks on them in other
courts. Small wonder, then, that every court of appeals to
address the question before us has rejected the position the
majority takes.4 There is simply nothing in the law to sup-
port today's result.
II

Page Proof
How, then, does the Pending
majority justify Publication
its position? All of
the work is done through the creation of a so-called "default
rule." Ante, at 155. According to the majority, Congress's
decision to give the courts of appeals "exclusive" jurisdiction
to "determine the validity" of agency action is not enough to
prevent district courts in later proceedings from doing the
same thing. That is because, the majority says, Congress
did not "expressly preclude" those district-court determina-
tions. Ibid. And what Congress did not "expressly pre-
clude," we should understand it to have permitted. The

4
See, e. g., CE Design, Ltd. v. Prism Bus. Media, Inc., 606 F. 3d 443,
447 -- 448 (CA7 2010) (suit between private parties); Nack v. Walburg, 715
F. 3d 680, 686 -- 687 (CA8 2013) (same); Mais v. Gulf Coast Collection Bu-
reau, Inc., 768 F. 3d 1110, 1119 -- 1121 (CA11 2014) (same); Daniels v. Union
Pac. R. Co., 530 F. 3d 936, 940 -- 941 (CADC 2008) (same); United States v.
Any & All Radio Station Transmission Equip., 207 F. 3d 458, 463 (CA8
2000) (agency enforcement action in district court); United States v. Duni-
fer, 219 F. 3d 1004, 1007 (CA9 2000) (same).
178 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Kagan, J., dissenting

idea is closely related to the majority's view of Yakus. See
supra, at 175; ante, at 162 -- 164. Recall that the EPCA's frst
sentence gave exclusive jurisdiction to the special appellate
court to review an agency action's "validity," and its second
sentence affrmed that other courts had no jurisdiction over
the identical matters. See 321 U. S., at 429. The majority
insists on Congress always taking that double-barreled, belt-
and-suspenders approach. Where Congress has not, courts
cannot ask, as a matter of ordinary statutory interpretation,
whether an exclusivity provision alone expresses Congress's
intent to have court-of-appeals review be, well, exclusive.
Congress always has to add a second, "we mean it too"
sentence.
But why? The majority offers only two reasons -- the pre-
sumption of judicial review of agency action and the APA.
See ante, at 155 -- 156. Neither provides support for the ma-
jority's novel default rule.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The presumption of judicial review of agency action is in-
deed "basic," ante, at 155, but it does not stretch as wide as
the majority claims. The principal case the majority cites
puts it this way: We presume that "Congress did not mean
to prohibit all judicial review" of an agency's decision.
Bowen v. Michigan Academy of Family Physicians, (1986) ; emphasis added); see Thunder Basin Coal
Co. v. Reich, (1994). "All" is a small
word, but it means something. The presumption does not
operate when Congress, rather than eliminating judicial re-
view, has channeled it in one direction or another. So, for
example, this Court has approved many congressional
schemes lodging pre-enforcement review of agency action in
the courts of appeals alone, even though parties may wish to
proceed, in the ordinary way, frst to district court. See id.,
at 207 -- 208, 218; Axon Enterprise, Inc. v. FTC, -- 186 (2023). "Because court of appeals review is avail-
able," we have explained, those schemes "do not implicate"
 Cite as: (2025) 179

Kagan, J., dissenting

the presumption favoring judicial review of agency action.
Thunder Basin, 510 U. S., at 207,.5 Similarly here.
The Hobbs Act simply favors a centralized way of providing
judicial review of covered actions -- at a particular time, in a
particular court. And as noted earlier, it does not apply
when a person lacks an adequate opportunity to avail himself
of that mechanism; in that event, he can obtain judicial re-
view in a later proceeding. See supra, at 171,. So the
Hobbs Act does not implicate the presumption in favor of
judicial review.
Neither does the APA support the majority's default rule.
The majority relies on Section 703, which it presents as
follows:
"Except to the extent that prior, adequate, and exclusive
opportunity for judicial review is provided by law,
agency action is subject to judicial review in civil or
criminal proceedings for judicial enforcement." Ante,
Page Proof Pending Publication
at 156 (emphasis supplied by majority).
But what if we instead present Section 703 like this:
"Except to the extent that prior, adequate, and exclusive
opportunity for judicial review is provided by law,
agency action is subject to judicial review in civil or
criminal proceedings for judicial enforcement."
5
The majority's allegedly contrary authorities, see ante, at 156, do
not say otherwise: None applies the presumption of judicial review to a
statute that merely channels review to one court rather than another.
The "limits" the Court spoke of in Cuozzo Speed Technologies, LLC v. Lee,
(2016), operated to cut off all judicial review of particular
issues, rather than to place that review in a single court; hence, the pre-
sumption kicked in (although it was there overcome). And in both Thun-
der Basin, and Elgin v. Department of Treasury, (2012) -- which did involve channeling -- no presumption operated. The
Court did ordinary statutory interpretation to fgure out what Congress
wanted. See Thunder Basin, 510 U. S., at 207, 216 (counseling an inquiry
into "language," "structure," "purpose," and "legislative history"); Elgin,
567 U. S., at 10 (similar).
180 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Kagan, J., dissenting

The point, of course, is that under Section 703 the majority's
preferred kind of judicial review is subject to an exception:
Congress may replace it with a "prior, adequate, and exclu-
sive opportunity for judicial review." To me, that phrase
reads like a description of the Hobbs Act. I imagine to the
majority it does not (though, if not the Hobbs Act, what?).
But on neither view can one fnd in Section 703 the demand
for an interpretive fst on the scales, of the sort the majority
devises. To the contrary, a court treats Section 703 respect-
fully when it addresses straight up the issue that the prefa-
tory clause makes decisive: Does some statute provide for
a "prior, adequate, and exclusive opportunity for judicial
review"?
The Attorney General's Manual on the Administrative Pro-
cedure Act, which the majority also cites, in fact endorses
that straight-up (not pre-jiggered) interpretive approach.
The majority quotes the following from the Manual: "[I]n
Page Proof Pending Publication
many situations" "an appropriate method of attacking the
validity of agency action is to set up the alleged invalidity
as a defense in a civil or criminal enforcement proceeding."
Ante, at 156; Dept. of Justice, Attorney General's Manual on
the Administrative Procedure Act 99 (1947). True enough.
But the Manual also makes clear that sometimes that will
not be an appropriate method -- because Congress has de-
cided otherwise. A statute, the Manual explains, may "ex-
pressly provide for an exclusive method of judicial review
which precludes challenge of agency action in enforcement
proceedings." Ibid., and. Or, the
Manual continues, "a court may conclude from the statutory
context that such was the legislative intention." Ibid. So
the directive the Manual gives is to do ordinary statutory
interpretation -- not to avoid it, as the majority does. "In
brief," the Manual summarizes, "courts must determine in
each case" whether Congress "intended to preclude or to
permit judicial review of agency action in enforcement pro-
 Cite as: (2025) 181

Kagan, J., dissenting

ceedings." Id., at 100 -- 101. Quite right -- someone should
tell the majority.
Finally, note what the majority does not have to support
its interpretive method -- any on-point precedent. No Ven-
ner or Yakus or Port of Boston. See supra, at 173 -- 176.
No Lambert or Woods. See supra, at 174, 175. There is a
lone quotation from Corner Post, Inc. v. Board of Governors,
(2024). See ante, at 156. But that state-
ment merely notes the general rule that a person can attack
a regulation in enforcement proceedings; it does not say any-
thing about how to determine whether a statute like the
Hobbs Act provides an exception to that rule. On that ques-
tion, as shown above, all the Court's precedent goes against
the majority's view.
III
The majority's misreading of the Hobbs Act prevents the
statute from serving its intended function. Today's holding
Page Proof Pending Publication
undermines the certainty and fnality Congress sought in de-
signing a mechanism for judicial review; it subjects all ad-
ministrative schemes, and the many businesses and individu-
als relying on them, to the ever-present risk of disruption.
On a more technical -- but still quite important -- level, the
holding allows parties to put agency action in jeopardy with-
out suing, or even notifying, the Government. And the
holding makes more likely that regulated parties will put off
submitting to lawful agency action, including in areas where
Congress would have most valued sure and immediate com-
pliance. In all, the majority's misreading frustrates the
point of the Act, which is to prevent collateral attacks, possi-
bly years down the line, on even the most settled administra-
tive frameworks.
First and foremost, the majority's position guts Congress's
scheme -- centered on a 60-day time limit -- for ensuring quick
resolution of challenges to agency action, and repose after
that. See Corner Post, 603 U. S., at 817 (describing the
182 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Kagan, J., dissenting

Hobbs Act's time limit as a "repose provisio[n]"). Under the
Act, a single circuit court is to resolve all challenges to a
covered action's validity that are brought within 60 days.
See, 2112(a). On the 61st day, a challenge is un-
timely. The idea is to rule on the legal disputes at the be-
ginning, often with the full range of stakeholders present.
Once the court of appeals resolves the challenges -- up or
down, valid or invalid -- the rules of the road are set. Regu-
lated parties know what they have to comply with, and also
what they can rely on. Except that the majority's decision
today blows all that up. The fnality and certainty of the
Hobbs Act system will largely evaporate under the constant
pressure of later enforcement actions. Any party at any
time in the future -- ad infnitum, so to speak -- will now be
able to disrupt even the most solid-seeming regulatory re-
gimes. Those who complied with the old rules (for example,
who took advantage of the FCC's safe harbor for certain
faxes) may become in a moment exposed to liability. No one
Page Proof Pending Publication
will know what they can rely on. And so the majority today
subverts Congress's object. A strict 60-day time limit,
meant to give stability to the administrative sphere, now be-
comes a forever-provision, putting everything always up for
grabs.
The majority's holding also will deprive the Government
of the opportunity to defend agency action. Under the
Hobbs Act, a person challenging an agency order must sue
the United States and serve its petition on both the agency
and the Attorney General.. Those requirements
have an obvious purpose: They enable the Government to
protect its interests by standing up for the order under at-
tack. See Port of Boston, 400 U. S., at 70; cf. 28 U. S. C.
(similarly requiring notice and an opportunity to
intervene for the United States in any action challenging a
statute's constitutionality). But under the majority's re-
gime, a district court may declare an order invalid in a pri-
vate suit (or a suit involving a State) that the Government
has no role in -- maybe does not even know about. Here, for
 Cite as: (2025) 183

Kagan, J., dissenting

example, McLaughlin's challenge to the Amerifactors order
arose in a class action not involving the Government. After
today -- and contra the Hobbs Act -- a court could sustain such
a challenge without the FCC having so much as a chance
to object.
Finally, I return to where I started, with a party -- let's
say again, a plutonium shipper -- who would prefer to ignore
an agency order and contest it later (if the Government
brings an enforcement action). The Hobbs Act, read rightly,
checks that kind of conduct, by providing for a defnitive rul-
ing on the order's legality soon after it issues. And it is not
hard to see why Congress favored that approach. Among
the agency actions covered are rules governing the NRC's
licensees -- like plutonium shippers or nuclear reactor opera-
tors. See 42 U. S. C.. And similarly, orders issued
by the Secretary of Transportation to address railway safety
emergencies. 49 U. S. C., 20114(c). In other
words, agency actions that (assuming they clear judicial re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
view) Congress would have wanted regulated parties to com-
ply with now. But the majority decides today that prompt
compliance is really just an option. The plutonium ship-
per can disobey an agency order, knowing that, even in the
face of a court of appeals decision upholding it, he can later
seek a different result. The majority responds: No wor-
ries, because many or most regulated parties will prefer pre-
enforcement review anyway. See ante, at 167 -- 168. And
that is right -- many or most will. But Congress was enti-
tled to decide that even a few parties out of compliance with
an NRC order (until a later enforcement proceeding) were a
few too many -- so that parties should not be given that
choice. In allowing parties to end-run early judicial review,
the majority thus fouts the Hobbs Act's design.

* * *
The Hobbs Act gives the courts of appeals "exclusive juris-
diction" to "determine the validity" of covered agency action.
Those words mean what they say, or anyway should. They
184 McLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. McKESSON CORP.
Kagan, J., dissenting

mean that, because the appellate courts' jurisdiction is exclu-
sive, district courts have no power to make the determina-
tion anew. Once an agency action has gone through the
Act's judicial review scheme, the question of the action's va-
lidity is over. Because the majority today rejects that
straightforward reading and thereby subverts the Act's op-
eration, I respectfully dissent.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 2
Pages 748 -- 830

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 27, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
748 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

KENNEDY, SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN
SERVICES, et al. v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT,
INC., et al.

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fth circuit
No. 24 -- 316. Argued April 21, 2025 -- Decided June 27, 2025
In 1984, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) created
the U. S. Preventive Services Task Force, a body that formulates
evidence-based recommendations regarding preventive healthcare serv-
ices. Congress codifed the Task Force's role in 1999, establishing it as
an entity within the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality
(AHRQ) in HHS's Public Health Service. The Task Force currently
consists of 16 volunteer members appointed by the Secretary of HHS
to staggered 4-year terms. Before 2010, Task Force recommendations
were purely advisory. The Affordable Care Act of 2010 changed this
by requiring most health insurers and group health plans to cover with-

Page Proof Pending Publication
out cost sharing those preventive services that receive "A" or "B" rat-
ings from the Task Force. The Act also amended the governing statute
to describe the Task Force as "independent" and to provide that mem-
bers and their recommendations "shall be independent and, to the ex-
tent practicable, not subject to political pressure." 42 U. S. C. -- 
4(a)(1), (6).
Plaintiffs, individuals and small businesses who object to the Afford-
able Care Act's preventive-services coverage requirements, sued in fed-
eral court. Lead plaintiff Braidwood Management runs a health and
wellness center offering insurance coverage to its approximately 70 em-
ployees through a self-insured plan. Plaintiffs argued that Task Force
members are principal offcers under the Appointments Clause who
must be appointed by the President "with the Advice and Consent of
the Senate," Art. II, cl. 2, not by the Secretary. The District Court
agreed, recognizing that Task Force members are removable at will by
the Secretary but concluding they are principal offcers because they
"have no superior" who supervises and directs them. 627 F. Supp. 3d
624, 646. While the Government's appeal was pending, the Secretary
in June 2023 ratifed existing appointments made by the AHRQ Director
and began personally appointing Task Force members. The Fifth Cir-
cuit affrmed the District Court, holding that while Task Force members
are removable at will, they are not inferior offcers because they cannot
 Cite as: (2025) 749

Syllabus

be " `independent' " and "free from `political pressure' " while simultane-
ously being supervised by a political appointee. 104 F. 4th 930, 944.
Held: Task Force members are inferior offcers whose appointment by
the Secretary of HHS is consistent with the Appointments Clause.
Pp. 759 -- 794.
(a) The Appointments Clause in Article II specifes how "Offcers of
the United States" must be appointed, dividing all offcers into two
classes. Principal offcers must be appointed by the President "with
the Advice and Consent of the Senate." Inferior offcers likewise may
be appointed by Presidential nomination and Senate confrmation, but
Congress may also "by Law vest" their appointment "in the President
alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of Departments." Art. II, cl. 2. Principal offcers encompass at least department heads who
report directly to the President. Inferior offcers are those "whose
work is directed and supervised at some level by others who were ap-
pointed by Presidential nomination with the advice and consent of the
Senate." Edmond v. United States,. Pp. 759 -- 761.
(b) Task Force members are inferior offcers because their work is
"directed and supervised" by the Secretary of HHS, a principal offcer,
through two main sources of authority. Pp. 761 -- 768.
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1) The Secretary's authority to remove Task Force members at
will provides a "powerful tool for control." Edmond, 520 U. S., at 664.
An offcer's " `presumed desire to avoid removal' " generally creates
" `here-and-now subservience.' " Bowsher v. Synar,. Here, the Secretary has power to appoint Task Force members,
and no statute restricts their removal. Therefore, the Secretary may
remove Task Force members at will, enabling him to supervise and di-
rect them. Pp. 762 -- 765.
(2) Beyond at-will removal, the Secretary has statutory authority
to directly review and block Task Force recommendations before they
take effect. Several statutes give the Secretary general supervisory
authority over the Public Health Service, within which the Task Force
is housed, as well as rulemaking authority with respect to the Afford-
able Care Act's coverage provisions. See 42 U. S. C., 300gg -- 92;
Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1966; 98 Stat. 2705. During the minimum
1-year interval before recommendations become binding, the Secretary
can use his supervisory authority to direct that Task Force recommen-
dations he disagrees with not be "in effect" and therefore not be binding,
or he can establish formal review processes through rulemaking.
-- 13(a)(1). Task Force members therefore "have no power to
render a fnal decision on behalf of the United States unless permitted
to do so by" the Secretary. Edmond, 520 U. S., at 665. Pp. 765 -- 768.
750 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Syllabus

(c) The conclusion that Task Force members are inferior offcers fol-
lows a fortiori from this Court's precedents. In Edmond, Coast Guard
judges who were removable at will and whose decisions could be re-
viewed and reversed were deemed inferior offcers, even though superi-
ors could not infuence individual proceedings. Like those judges, Task
Force members are removable at will and their decisions can be re-
viewed and overruled by the Secretary. In Free Enterprise Fund v.
Public Company Accounting Oversight Bd., PCAOB mem-
bers removable at will by the Securities and Exchange Commission were
inferior offcers, even though they were "empowered to take signifcant
enforcement actions... largely independently of the Commission." Id.,
at 504. In United States v. Arthrex, Administrative Patent
Judges whose decisions were reviewable but who were removable only for
cause were inferior offcers. If patent judges subject only to review au-
thority were inferior offcers, Task Force members subject to both at-will
removal and review authority are clearly inferior offcers. Pp. 768 -- 770.
(d) Braidwood's arguments against inferior-officer status fail.
Pp. 770 -- 779.
(1) The independence provision in -- 4(a)(6) stating that Task
Force members shall be "independent and, to the extent practicable, not

Page Proof Pending Publication
subject to political pressure" does not create for-cause removal protec-
tion. To displace the default of at-will removal, Congress must use
"very clear and explicit language" -- "mere inference or implication" does
not suffce. Shurtleff v. United States,. The term
"independent" alone does not make an offcer removable only for cause,
as this Court held in Collins v. Yellen,. Pp. 770 -- 772.
(2) Braidwood claims that 42 U. S. C. -- 4(a)(6)'s requirement
that Task Force members be "independent and, to the extent practica-
ble, not subject to political pressure" must mean that the Task Force is
completely insulated from the Secretary. But "independent" is best
read to mean that Task Force members must not be unduly infuenced
by their outside professional affliations with universities, hospitals, and
professional associations. Even if the independence provision meant
some insulation from the Secretary when "practicable," that would
affect only the formulation of recommendations, not the Secretary's
authority to review them before they take effect. This mirrors the
"almost-universal model of adjudication in the Executive Branch" where
inferior offcers make independent initial decisions subject to review by
politically accountable superiors. Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 25 (opinion of
Roberts, C. J.). Pp. 772 -- 776.
(3) The Secretary's inability to compel the Task Force to issue par-
ticular "A" or "B" recommendations does not undermine inferior-offcer
status. This Court has not suggested that a principal offcer must be
 Cite as: (2025) 751

Syllabus

able to compel subordinates to take affrmative acts for them to qualify
as inferior offcers. In Free Enterprise Fund, the SEC lacked power
to require the PCAOB to "start" investigations, 561 U. S., at 504, yet
PCAOB members were inferior offcers. Similarly, in Edmond and
Arthrex, superiors could not compel initial decisions. Pp. 776 -- 777.
(4) When Congress wants to create an independent agency, it gen-
erally does so by explicitly conferring for-cause removal protection on
the agency's leadership and usually couples that protection with express
Presidential nomination and Senate confrmation requirements. The
statute establishing the Task Force contains none of this customary lan-
guage. Pp. 778 -- 779.
(e) Congress has by law vested appointment authority in the Secre-
tary of HHS through two steps. First, the 1999 statute governing the
Task Force gives the AHRQ Director the authority to "convene" a Task
Force "to be composed of individuals with appropriate expertise."
-- 4(a)(1). Congress need not use magic words to confer appoint-
ment authority, and around the time of the Founding, " `appoint' " was
synonymous with " `allot, assign, or designate.' " NLRB v. SW General,
Inc., -- 313 (Thomas, J., concurring). In the absence of
a statutory provision that more explicitly confers appointment authority,

Page Proof Pending Publication
the AHRQ Director's power to "convene" is naturally read to include
the power to appoint. -- 4(a)(1). Second, Reorganization Plan
No. 3 of 1966, ratifed by Congress in 1984, transfers to the Secretary
"all functions of the Public Health Service" and its "offcers," "employ-
ees," and "agencies." 80 Stat. 1610. The AHRQ Director is an "off-
cer" of the Public Health Service, so Reorganization Plan No. 3 transfers
all of the AHRQ Director's functions to the Secretary. After statutory
codifcation of the Task Force in 1999, those powers of the Secretary
included the AHRQ Director's power to appoint the Task Force mem-
bers. Therefore, by virtue of the 1984 Act ratifying Reorganization
Plan No. 3 and the 1999 Act conferring appointment authority, Congress
vested the power to appoint Task Force members in the Secretary of
HHS. Pp. 779 -- 786.
(f) Braidwood's arguments that Congress has not properly vested ap-
pointment authority in the Secretary fail. Braidwood frst claims that
the 1999 statute using "convene" does not confer appointment authority
and is instead "agnostic" about who should appoint Task Force mem-
bers. Brief for Respondents 22. Braidwood's interpretation would
create a bizarre scheme where Congress was entirely indifferent about
who would appoint members making legally binding healthcare recom-
mendations. Braidwood next argues that even if the Director has ap-
pointment authority, Reorganization Plan No. 3 does not transfer that
power to the Secretary because it applies only to the Director's func-
752 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Syllabus

tions as of 1966. This frozen-in-time reading fnds no footing in statu-
tory text or common sense. The Plan's language "all functions" most
naturally means an ongoing transfer of authority, including new powers
granted by Congress after 1966. 80 Stat. 1610. Pp. 786 -- 793.
(g) The Secretary has properly exercised his appointment authority
since June 2023. P. 793.
104 F. 4th 930, reversed and remanded.

Kavanaugh, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Sotomayor, Kagan, Barrett, and Jackson, JJ., joined.
Thomas, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Alito and Gorsuch, JJ.,
joined, post, p. 794.

Principal Deputy Solicitor General Mooppan argued the
cause for petitioners. On the briefs were Solicitor General
Sauer, Acting Solicitor General Harris, Acting Assistant
Attorney General Shumate, Deputy Solicitors General
Kneedler and Gannon, Ephraim A. McDowell, Michael S.
Raab, Daniel Aguilar, Sean R. Keveney, and Janice L.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Hoffman.
Jonathan F. Mitchell argued the cause and fled briefs
for respondents.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the State of Illi-
nois et al. by Kwame Raoul, Attorney General of Illinois, Jane Elinor
Notz, Solicitor General, Alex Hemmer, Deputy Solicitor General, and Sa-
mantha Sherman, Assistant Attorney General, and by the Attorneys Gen-
eral for their respective jurisdictions as follows: Kris Mayes of Arizona,
Rob Bonta of California, Philip J. Weiser of Colorado, William Tong of
Connecticut, Kathleen Jennings of Delaware, Brian L. Schwalb of the
District of Columbia, Anne E. Lopez of Hawaii, Aaron M. Frey of Maine,
Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Andrea Joy Campbell of Massachusetts,
Dana Nessel of Michigan, Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Aaron D. Ford of
Nevada, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey, Raúl Torrez of New Mexico,
Letitia James of New York, Jeff Jackson of North Carolina, Dan Rayfeld
of Oregon, Peter F. Neronha of Rhode Island, Charity R. Clark of Ver-
mont, Nicholas W. Brown of Washington, and Joshua L. Kaul of Wiscon-
sin; for the American Hospital Association et al. by Chad Golder; for the
American Public Health Association et al. by Andrew J. Pincus; for the
Center for HIV Law and Policy et al. by David W. DeBruin; for the HIV
and Hepatitis Policy Institute et al. by Richard H. Hughes IV, Spreeha
 Cite as: (2025) 753

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kavanaugh delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case concerns the Appointments Clause in Article II
of the Constitution. The U. S. Preventive Services Task
Force, an entity within the Department of Health and
Human Services, issues public recommendations about pre-
ventive healthcare services -- for example, cancer and diabe-
tes screenings. Before 2010, the Task Force's recommenda-

Choudhury, and Devon Minnick; for Members of the Chronic Illness and
Disability Partnership by Benjamin G. Shatz and Carmel Shachar; for the
National Alliance of State and Territorial AIDS Directors et al. by Jose I.
Abrigo, Jr., Omar Gonzalez-Pagan, Karen L. Loewy, Christopher R.
Riano, Bennett Klein, Chris Erchull, and Suman Chakraborty; for Pa-
tient and Physician Professional Organizations by Beth Petronio, John
Longstreth, and Mary Rouvelas; for Public Citizen et al. by Nicolas A.
Sansone, Allison M. Zieve, and Scott L. Nelson; for the Susan G. Komen
Breast Cancer Foundation, Inc., by David C. Frederick; for United States
of Care et al. by Daniel G. Jarcho; and for 48 Bipartisan Economic and

Page Proof Pending Publication
Other Social Science Scholars by Matthew S. Hellman.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
Texas et al. by Ken Paxton, Attorney General of Texas, Aaron L. Nielson,
Solicitor General, Brent Webster, First Assistant Attorney General, Wil-
liam F. Cole, Principal Deputy Solicitor General, and Eric Abels, Assist-
ant Attorney General, and by the Attorneys General for their respective
States as follows: James Uthmeier of Florida, Raúl Labrador of Idaho,
Theodore E. Rokita of Indiana, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Liz Murrill of Loui-
siana, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Austin Knudsen of Montana, Michael T.
Hilgers of Nebraska, Dave Yost of Ohio, Gentner Drummond of Okla-
homa, Alan Wilson of South Carolina, Marty Jackley of South Dakota,
Jonathan Skrmetti of Tennessee, Derek Brown of Utah, and John B. Mc-
Cuskey of West Virginia; for the Association of American Physicians and
Surgeons by Andrew L. Schlafy; for the Buckeye Institute by Jay R.
Carson and David C. Tryon; for the Cato Institute by Thomas Berry; for
the Goldwater Institute by Timothy Sandefur; for the Manhattan Insti-
tute by R. Trent McCotter and Ilya Shapiro; and for the Pacifc Legal
Foundation by Michael Poon.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the American College of Gastroen-
terology by Andrew E. Tauber; for the Christian Employers Alliance by
Erin M. Hawley, John J. Bursch, Matthew S. Bowman, James A. Camp-
bell, and Daniel J. Grabowski; and for Gilead Sciences, Inc., by Kwaku A.
Akowuah and Madeleine Joseph.
754 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

tions were purely advisory. But the Affordable Care Act of
2010 now mandates that health insurers cover some of the
recommended services at no cost to the insured.
The Secretary of Health and Human Services appointed
the 16 current members of the Task Force. The question in
this case is whether appointment of Task Force members by
the Secretary is consistent with the Appointments Clause in
Article II. That question turns on whether the Task Force
members are principal offcers or inferior offcers. Principal
offcers must be nominated by the President and confrmed
by the Senate. That process can be lengthy and therefore
can hinder the Executive Branch's ability to promptly fll of-
fces -- and thus also impede the President's ability to execute
the laws through his subordinate executive offcers. By con-
trast, inferior executive offcers may be directly appointed
by the President or by the head of a department, such as by the
Secretary of HHS -- a more effcient and expeditious process.

Page Proof Pending Publication
The Executive Branch under both President Trump and
President Biden has argued that the Preventive Services
Task Force members are inferior offcers and therefore may
be appointed by the Secretary of HHS. We agree. The
Task Force members are removable at will by the Secretary
of HHS, and their recommendations are reviewable by the
Secretary before they take effect. So Task Force members
are supervised and directed by the Secretary, who in turn
answers to the President, preserving the chain of command
in Article II. See Edmond v. United States, (1997). Therefore, under Article II and this Court's
precedents, the Task Force members are inferior offcers.
As a result, appointment of Task Force members by the Sec-
retary of HHS is consistent with the Appointments Clause.
I
A
In 1984, the Department of Health and Human Services
created an advisory body known as the U. S. Preventive
 Cite as: (2025) 755

Opinion of the Court

Services Task Force. The Task Force formulates and pub-
lishes evidence-based recommendations regarding preven-
tive healthcare services.
In 1999, Congress enacted legislation codifying the role of
the Task Force. See, 113 Stat. 1659. That legislation
established the Task Force as an entity within the Agency
for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ), which in turn
is an agency in the Public Health Service within HHS.
Under that 1999 statute, the Director of AHRQ "con-
vene[s]" the Task Force, which is "to be composed of indi-
viduals with appropriate expertise." Ibid.; see 42 U. S. C.
-- 4(a)(1). The Task Force reviews "the scientifc evi-
dence related to the effectiveness, appropriateness, and cost-
effectiveness of clinical preventive services for the purpose
of developing recommendations for the health care commu-
nity." -- 4(a)(1).
As presently constituted, the Task Force consists of 16
Page Proof Pending Publication
members who are now appointed by the Secretary of HHS
to staggered 4-year terms. Those members are "nationally
recognized experts in prevention, evidence-based medicine,
and primary care." App. 39. They include researchers,
professors, and practicing physicians with experience and ex-
pertise in public health and across a wide range of medical
specialties. They serve on a volunteer basis, so they are
not paid by the Federal Government for their service on the
Task Force.
Preventive services "can help people avoid acute illness,
identify and treat chronic conditions, prevent cancer or lead
to earlier detection, and improve health." HHS, Issue
Brief -- Access to Preventive Services Without Cost-Sharing:
Evidence From the Affordable Care Act 1 (Jan. 2022). A
wide range of individuals and organizations rely on the Task
Force's preventive-services recommendations. They include
"health care systems, professional societies, employers,"
"Congress and other policymakers, governmental pub-
lic health agencies," and those directly "delivering clinical
756 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

services," such as "primary care professionals." -- 
4(a)(1).
The Task Force develops recommendations through a
standardized process. It selects a topic to study, reviews
the relevant scientifc evidence, formulates a draft recom-
mendation statement, takes public comments, and then votes
on the fnal recommendation.
The Task Force uses a letter grading system for its recom-
mendations. It assigns an "A" grade to services with a high
certainty of substantial net beneft and a "B" grade to serv-
ices with at least a moderate certainty of a moderate net
beneft. It also issues "C" and "D" grades to services with
little to no net beneft, and an "I" grade to services for which
the current evidence is "insuffcient" to assess the balance of
benefts and harms. App. 46. The Task Force can vote to
change the grade that was assigned in a previous
recommendation.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The Task Force has given an "A" or "B" rating to more
than 40 preventive services. Those services include screen-
ings to detect lung, breast, cervical, and colorectal cancer;
risk-reducing medications for women at high risk of breast
cancer; nicotine patches for adults trying to quit smoking;
statin medications to reduce the risk of heart disease and
stroke; physical therapy to help the elderly avoid falls; and
diabetes screenings.
For many years after its initial creation in 1984 and codif-
cation in 1999, the Task Force's recommendations were
purely advisory. That changed in 2010 when Congress
passed and President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act.
124 Stat. 119. That Act requires most health insurers and
group health plans to cover certain preventive services with-
out cost sharing -- that is, without imposing copayments, de-
ductibles, or other charges on patients.
Rather than set forth a fxed list, the Act tied coverage
for preventive services to the recommendations of several
entities within the Federal Government, including the Pre-
 Cite as: (2025) 757

Opinion of the Court

ventive Services Task Force. Specifcally, the Act mandates
no-cost coverage of "evidence-based items or services that
have in effect a rating of `A' or `B' in the current recommen-
dations" of the Task Force. -- 13(a)(1).
After the Task Force makes an "A" or "B" recommenda-
tion, the insurance coverage requirements for that preven-
tive service do not take effect immediately. Rather, the law
directs the Secretary of HHS to "establish a minimum inter-
val," not less than one year, between when an "A" or "B"
recommendation is issued by the Task Force and when insur-
ers must cover the recommended service without cost shar-
ing. -- 13(b). During that interval, the Secretary
can review the Task Force's recommendation and block it
from going into effect.
The Affordable Care Act also amended the statute govern-
ing the Task Force to describe the Task Force as "independ-
ent" and to provide that the members of the Task Force and

Page Proof Pending Publication
their recommendations "shall be independent and, to the
extent practicable, not subject to political pressure. "
-- 4(a)(1), (6).
B
The question in this case is whether the Task Force mem-
bers were appointed in a manner consistent with the Ap-
pointments Clause in Article II of the Constitution.,
cl. 2.
The plaintiffs are several individuals and small businesses
who object to the Affordable Care Act's preventive-services
coverage requirements. The lead plaintiff, Braidwood Man-
agement, runs a health and wellness center. It offers
health-insurance coverage to its approximately 70 employees
through a self-insured plan. Braidwood wants to exclude
coverage for certain drugs and to impose copays or deduct-
ibles for other covered services.
The plaintiffs -- collectively, Braidwood -- sued in the U. S.
District Court for the Northern District of Texas. Braid-
wood argued that the structure of the Task Force violated
758 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the Appointments Clause. In Braidwood's view, Task Force
members are principal offcers who must be appointed by the
President "with the Advice and Consent of the Senate."
Ibid.
The District Court agreed. It recognized that there are
no statutory removal restrictions on Task Force members,
meaning that the Secretary of HHS may remove them at
will. But the court nonetheless concluded that Task Force
members are unconstitutionally appointed principal offcers
because they "have no superior" who supervises and directs
them. Braidwood Mgmt. Inc. v. Becerra, 627 F. Supp. 3d
624, 646 (ND Tex. 2022). The court enjoined the Govern-
ment from enforcing against Braidwood any insurance cover-
age mandates based on Task Force recommendations issued
after the 2010 enactment of the Affordable Care Act.1
The Government appealed to the U. S. Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Until that point, the Task Force mem-
Page Proof Pending Publication
bers had been selected and appointed by the Director of
AHRQ, an agency within the Public Health Service of HHS.
But in June 2023, while the Government's appeal was pend-
ing, the Secretary of HHS ratifed the appointments of the
existing Task Force members and re-appointed them on a
prospective basis. And from then on, the Secretary has con-
tinued to appoint Task Force members.
The Fifth Circuit affrmed in relevant part. In a thorough
opinion, the court held that the Task Force members are
principal offcers who must be appointed by the President
with the advice and consent of the Senate. Like the District
Court, the Fifth Circuit understood the Task Force members

1
Braidwood also brought a claim under the Religious Freedom Restora-
tion Act of 1993, 107 Stat. 1488, 42 U. S. C. et seq. It prevailed
on that claim and secured an injunction against enforcement of the specifc
requirement that it cover certain HIV-prevention medications without
cost sharing. The Government did not appeal that aspect of the District
Court's judgment, and this Court's decision will not affect the injunction
premised on Braidwood's RFRA claim.
 Cite as: (2025) 759

Opinion of the Court

to be removable at will by the Secretary of HHS. But the
Fifth Circuit concluded that the Secretary cannot block Task
Force recommendations before they take effect. The court
pointed to 42 U. S. C. -- 4(a)(6), which provides that
Task Force members "shall be independent and, to the ex-
tent practicable, not subject to political pressure." The
Task Force, according to the Fifth Circuit, "cannot be `inde-
pendent' and free from `political pressure' on the one hand,
and at the same time be supervised by the HHS Secretary,
a political appointee, on the other." Braidwood Mgmt., Inc.
v. Becerra, 104 F. 4th 930, 944 (2024). So the court con-
cluded that the Task Force is not supervised and directed by
the Secretary -- and that Task Force members are therefore
principal offcers and may not be appointed by the Secretary.
We granted certiorari to consider whether appointment of
Task Force members by the Secretary of HHS violates the
Appointments Clause. (2025).

Page Proof Pending
II Publication
A
The Appointments Clause in Article II of the Constitution
specifes how "Offcers of the United States," as distinct from
employees, must be appointed., cl. 2. An offcer exer-
cises " `signifcant authority pursuant to the laws of the
United States.' " Lucia v. SEC, (2018).
An employee, by contrast, does not exercise signifcant gov-
ernmental authority. See ibid.
The text of the Appointments Clause "very clearly divides
all its offcers into two classes": principal offcers and inferior
offcers. United States v. Germaine, (1879).
Here, all agree that the Preventive Services Task Force
members are offcers. The question is whether they are
principal or inferior.
Principal offcers must be appointed by the President
"with the Advice and Consent of the Senate." Art. II, cl. 2. The constitutionally mandated joint participation of
760 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

the President and Senate in the appointments process is de-
signed to promote "a judicious choice" for "flling the offces
of the Union." The Federalist No. 76, p. 455 (C. Rossiter
ed. 1961) (A. Hamilton). The President and the Senate are
accountable "for both the making of a bad appointment and
the rejection of a good one." Edmond v. United States, (1997).
Inferior offcers may also be appointed via Presidential
nomination and Senate confrmation. See Art. II, cl. 2.
The Framers, though, recognized that requiring all offcers
of the Federal Government to run the gauntlet of Presiden-
tial nomination and Senate confrmation would prove admin-
istratively unworkable as offces became "numerous" and
"sudden removals" and prompt replacements became "neces-
sary." Germaine, 99 U. S., at 510. So on one of the last
days of the Constitutional Convention -- September 15,
1787 -- they authorized an additional and streamlined method
Page Proof Pending Publication
of appointment for inferior offcers. Specifcally, Congress
may "by Law vest" appointment of inferior offcers "in the
President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of
Departments." Art. II, cl. 2. Congress therefore may
provide that inferior executive offcers be unilaterally ap-
pointed by the President or a Head of Department.
The Appointments Clause is "more than a matter of `eti-
quette or protocol' " -- it is "among the signifcant structural
safeguards of the constitutional scheme." Edmond, 520
U. S., at 659. The Appointments Clause ensures that the
President or his subordinate Heads of Departments play a
central role in selecting the offcers within the Executive
Branch who will assist in exercising the "executive Power."
Art. II, cl. 1. The Clause thereby helps protect the inde-
pendence of the Executive Branch and maintain the Consti-
tution's separation of powers.
How does a court determine whether an executive offcer
is principal (and must be appointed by the President with
 Cite as: (2025) 761

Opinion of the Court

the advice and consent of the Senate) or inferior (and may be
appointed by the President or Head of Department alone)?
Principal offcers in the Executive Branch encompass at
least the Heads of Departments, who report directly to the
President. Examples include the Secretary of State, Secre-
tary of the Treasury, Secretary of Defense, and Attorney
General.
Inferior offcers are most readily defned by their relation-
ship to principal offcers. "Generally speaking," whether
"one is an `inferior' offcer depends on whether he has a supe-
rior" other than the President, Edmond, 520 U. S., at 662,
and how much power the offcer "exercises free from control
by a superior," United States v. Arthrex, Inc., 
(2021). In Edmond v. United States, the Court summarized
the governing principle: Inferior offcers are those "whose
work is directed and supervised at some level by others who
were appointed by Presidential nomination with the advice

Page Proof Pending Publication
and consent of the Senate." 520 U. S., at 663.
As the author of Edmond, Justice Scalia, once explained:
"It is perfectly obvious" that the language in Article II au-
thorizing department heads to appoint inferior offcers "was
intended merely to make clear... that those offcers ap-
pointed by the President with Senate approval could on their
own appoint their subordinates, who would, of course, by
chain of command still be under the direct control of the
President." Morrison v. Olson, -- 721
(1988) (Scalia, J., dissenting).

B
Before 2010, members of the Preventive Services Task
Force were not offcers at all. The Task Force was an advi-
sory body, and the Task Force members made only non-
binding recommendations. As a result of the 2010 Afford-
able Care Act, however, the Task Force's "A" and "B" recom-
mended preventive services now must be covered by health
762 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

insurers at no cost to the insured. For that reason, the par-
ties here agree that the Task Force members exercise sig-
nifcant governmental authority and qualify as "offcers" of
the United States. They disagree, however, over whether
Task Force members are principal or inferior offcers.
We conclude that Task Force members are inferior offcers
because their work is "directed and supervised" by the Sec-
retary of HHS, a principal offcer. Edmond, 520 U. S., at
663. The Secretary's ability to direct and supervise the
Task Force derives from two main sources: the Secretary's
authority to remove Task Force members at will; and the
Secretary's authority to review and block the Task Force's
recommendations before they can take effect.

1
An offcer such as a Task Force member who is removable
at will by a principal offcer (here, by the Secretary of HHS)
Page Proof Pending Publication
typically qualifes as an inferior offcer. So it is here.
This Court has said that the authority to remove an offcer
at will is a "powerful tool for control." Edmond, 520 U. S.,
at 664; see Free Enterprise Fund v. Public Company Ac-
counting Oversight Bd., (2010). The rea-
son is straightforward: " `Once an offcer is appointed, it is
only the authority that can remove him, and not the author-
ity that appointed him, that he must fear and, in the per-
formance of his functions, obey.' " Bowsher v. Synar, (1986). An offcer's " `presumed desire to
avoid removal' " generally creates a " `here-and-now subser-
vience.' " Id., at 727,. The prerogative of at-will re-
moval of a subordinate, then, often carries with it the power
to supervise and direct that subordinate. See Intercolle-
giate Broadcasting System, Inc. v. Copyright Royalty Bd.,
684 F. 3d 1332, 1341 (CADC 2012) (Williams, J.).
Historical practice supports treating an offcer who is re-
movable at will by a principal offcer as an inferior offcer.
Since the Founding, Congress has routinely tied inferior-
 Cite as: (2025) 763

Opinion of the Court

offcer status to at-will removability by Heads of Depart-
ments. See Ex parte Hennen, 13 Pet. 230, 259 -- 260 (1839).
For example, in designating the "chief Clerk in the Depart-
ment of Foreign Affairs" as an "inferior offcer," the First
Congress made clear that the Clerk was "to be employed" as
the Secretary of Foreign Affairs "shall deem proper." Act
of July 27, 1789, ch. 4, 1 Stat. 29. The same was true of the
Chief Clerk of the Department of War. See Act of Aug. 7,
1789, ch. 7, 1 Stat. 49 -- 50. In 1839 in Hennen, this Court
explained that the First Congress had bestowed upon the
Secretaries of various Departments the authority to "appoint
all necessary clerks"; that those clerks were subject to at-
will removal by the Secretaries; and that they fell "under
that class of inferior offcers." 13 Pet., at 259 -- 260; see, e. g.,
Act of Apr. 30, 1798, ch. 35, 1 Stat. 553 -- 554 (clerks to the
Secretary of the Navy); see also, e. g., Act of Sept. 2, 1789,
ch. 12, 1 Stat. 65 (assistant to the Secretary of the Treasury);
Page Proof Pending Publication
Act of Feb. 20, 1792, ch. 7, 1 Stat. 234 (deputy postmasters).
On the other side of the ledger, Braidwood has not identi-
fed any instance where an executive offcer was removable
at will by someone other than the President and nonetheless
deemed a principal offcer.
Here, because the Secretary of HHS appoints the Task
Force members, he also has the authority to remove the Task
Force members at will. See Braidwood Mgmt. Inc. v. Be-
cerra, 627 F. Supp. 3d 624, 647 (ND Tex. 2022); Braidwood
Mgmt., Inc. v. Becerra, 104 F. 4th 930, 943 (CA5 2024).
When a statute empowers a department head to appoint an
offcer, the default presumption is that the offcer holds his
position "at the will and discretion of the head of the depart-
ment," even if "no power to remove is expressly given."
Hennen, 13 Pet., at 259 -- 260. That is because the "power of
removal of executive offcers" is "incident to the power of
appointment." Myers v. United States, 
(1926). As this Court recently summarized in Free Enter-
prise Fund v. Public Company Accounting Oversight
764 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Board, when as here Congress vests appointment of inferior
offcers in "heads of departments," "it is ordinarily the de-
partment head... who enjoys the power of removal." 561
U. S., at 493.
The Secretary of HHS has the power to appoint (and has
appointed) the Task Force members. See Part III, infra.
And no statute restricts removal of Task Force members.
Therefore, "there can be no doubt" that the Secretary may
remove Task Force members at will. Hennen, 13 Pet., at
259.
The Secretary's authority to remove Task Force members
at will in turn enables him to supervise and direct them.
When a Task Force member makes a decision that the Secre-
tary disagrees with, the Secretary may remove that member.
In other words, the Secretary "may consider the decision
after its rendition as a reason for removing" the Task Force
member, "on the ground that the discretion regularly en-
Page Proof Pending Publication
trusted to" that member "has not been on the whole intelli-
gently or wisely exercised." Myers, 272 U. S., at 135.
In addition, the Secretary can block a Task Force rec-
ommendation from taking effect by combining his at-will
removal authority with his authority to determine when
Task Force recommendations become binding.
To explain: The Affordable Care Act expressly affords
the Secretary the power to "establish a minimum interval"
between when the Task Force issues an "A" or "B" recom-
mendation and when insurers must cover the recommended
service without cost sharing. 42 U. S. C. -- 13(b)(1).
Congress specifed that the minimum interval "shall not be
less than 1 year," leaving the Secretary with discretion to
set a longer minimum interval. -- 13(b)(2).
So during the minimum 1-year period after the Task Force
makes a recommendation before it becomes binding, the Sec-
retary can request that the Task Force reconsider or with-
draw a recommendation that he disfavors. He has plenty of
time to remove and replace Task Force members who refuse.
 Cite as: (2025) 765

Opinion of the Court

And he can then request that the reconstituted Task Force
modify or rescind the recommendation. Therefore, in this
statutory scheme, the Secretary can use his at-will removal
power to stop any preventive-services recommendation con-
trary to his judgment from taking effect.
In short, through the power to remove and replace Task
Force members at will, the Secretary can exert signifcant
control over the Task Force -- including by blocking recom-
mendations he does not agree with. The Secretary's power
to supervise and direct Task Force members in that way is
a strong indication that the Task Force members are infe-
rior offcers.
2
Regardless of whether the Secretary's authority to remove
Task Force members at will suffces on its own to render
them inferior offcers, the Secretary also has statutory power
to directly review and block Task Force recommendations
Page Proof Pending Publication
before they take effect. That power confrms that the Task
Force members are inferior offcers.
At-will removal is one means of ensuring supervision and
direction. But in evaluating inferior-officer status, the
Court has also examined whether the relevant offcer has the
"power to render a fnal decision on behalf of the United
States" without review by a principal offcer. Edmond, 520
U. S., at 665.
That consideration has taken on particular importance in
assessing whether adjudicative offcers are principal or infe-
rior. See id., at 664 -- 665; Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 13 -- 14. If
an adjudicative offcer's decisions are reviewable by a supe-
rior, then the offcer may be considered inferior even if not
removable at will. See Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 16 -- 17; id., at
25 -- 26 (opinion of Roberts, C. J.).2

2
Review by an Article III court does not render the adjudicative offcer
inferior; it is review by a superior within the Executive Branch that does
so. See Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 17.
766 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Here, the Secretary's power to supervise and direct the
Task Force members derives from more than simply at-will
removal authority. As explained, at-will removal provides
the Secretary with a means of ensuring that no recommenda-
tion that he disapproves will take effect. But the Secretary
also has the statutory authority to directly review -- and, if
necessary, block -- Task Force recommendations before they
take effect. So members of the Task Force cannot make any
legally binding, fnal decision on behalf of the United States
if the Secretary disagrees and wants to block it. As a result,
the Secretary retains ultimate responsibility over whether
Task Force recommendations become fnal decisions that
mandate no-cost coverage by health insurers.
To spell this out: A collection of statutes grants the Sec-
retary general supervisory authority over the Task Force.
That supervisory authority in turn enables the Secretary to
review and, if he chooses, directly block a recommendation

Page Proof Pending Publication
he disagrees with.
First, 42 U. S. C. provides that the Public Health
Service, which houses the Task Force, "shall be administered... under the supervision and direction of the Secretary."
Second, Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1966 grants the Sec-
retary authority to perform "all functions of the Public
Health Service" and its "offcers," "employees," and "agen-
cies." 80 Stat. 1610.3

3
Braidwood contends that the Reorganization Plan does not apply to
the Task Force because the Plan contains an exception for "the functions
vested by law in any advisory council, board, or committee of or in the
Public Health Service." 80 Stat. 1610. That is incorrect. As Braidwood
itself has explained, the Task Force "ceased to be an advisory committee"
in 2010 "when Congress enacted" the Affordable Care Act and "empow-
ered" the Task Force to issue binding recommendations. App. 25. Task
Force members are offcers because, by operation of the ACA, their "A"
and "B" recommendations are not purely advisory. And Congress has
confrmed that the post-ACA Task Force is not an advisory entity by ex-
pressly providing that "the Task Force is not subject to" the Federal Advi-
sory Committee Act. 42 U. S. C. -- 4(a)(5) (2018 ed., Supp. IV).
 Cite as: (2025) 767

Opinion of the Court

Third, 42 U. S. C. -- 92 states that the Secretary
"may promulgate such regulations as may be necessary or
appropriate to carry out the provisions of this subchapter" -- 
including the section of the Affordable Care Act that re-
quires no-cost coverage of Task Force "A" and "B"
recommendations.
The Affordable Care Act mandates coverage without cost
sharing of "evidence-based items or services that have in
effect a rating of `A' or `B' " from the Task Force. -- 
13(a)(1). During the minimum 1-year in-
terval, the Secretary can use his general supervisory author-
ity under and Reorganization Plan No. 3 to direct that
the Task Force's recommendation not be "in effect" and
therefore not be binding on health insurers. Moreover,
the Secretary can use his rulemaking authority under
-- 92 to establish a formal review process. For exam-
ple, the Secretary can issue a regulation providing that
Page Proof Pending Publication
no Task Force recommendation shall be deemed "in effect"
until he or his designee has affrmatively reviewed and ap-
proved it.4
Taken together, those complementary review authorities
ensure that the Task Force members "have no power to ren-
der a fnal decision on behalf of the United States unless
permitted to do so by" the Secretary of HHS. Edmond, 520
U. S., at 665. To be clear, to supervise and direct for pur-
poses of the Appointments Clause, the Secretary "need not
review every decision." Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 27. Rather,
"[w]hat matters is that" the Secretary "have the discretion
to review decisions rendered by" the Task Force. Ibid. (em-

4
The body within HHS assigned to recommend immunization coverage
requirements under the Affordable Care Act -- the Advisory Committee on
Immunization Practices -- already operates under such a regulation. The
regulation states that a recommendation of the Committee is not "consid-
ered in effect" until "it has been adopted by" the Director of the Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention, who answers to the Secretary of
HHS. 45 CFR.130(a)(1)(ii) (2024).
768 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

phasis added). Under the statutory provisions described
above, the Secretary possesses that authority.5

C
Given the multiple and mutually reinforcing means by
which the Secretary of HHS can supervise and direct the
Task Force -- namely, both the general authority to remove
Task Force members at will and the more specifc statutory
authority to review and block their recommendations before
they take effect -- this Court's precedents preordain the con-
clusion that the Task Force members are inferior offcers.
In Edmond v. United States, the Court ruled that judges
of the Coast Guard Court of Criminal Appeals were inferior
offcers. See 520 U. S., at 666. In reaching that conclusion,
the Court emphasized that (i) the Judge Advocate General,
who exercised administrative oversight over the judges,
could remove them at will and (ii) the Court of Appeals for
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Armed Forces could review and reverse their decisions.
See id., at 664 -- 665. The Court reached that inferior-offcer
conclusion even though, pursuant to the Uniform Code of
Military Justice, no superior could "attempt to infuence (by
5
The dissent asserts that and the Reorganization Plan are inappli-
cable because those statutes give the Secretary authority over the Public
Health Service, and the Task Force is not part of the Public Health Service
at all. Post, at 826 -- 827 (opinion of Thomas, J.). At oral argument, the
Government succinctly summed up why the dissent's position is incorrect:
"[W]hen you have an entity that's convened by the Public Health Service,
selected by the Public Health Service, supervised by the Public Health
Service, and supported by the Public Health Service, it's part of the Public
Health Service." Tr. of Oral Arg. 34; see also post, at 798 (The "AHRQ,"
which "is part of the Public Health Service," is "responsib[le] for the Task
Force"). No doubt that is why the provisions governing the Task Force
are housed within the chapter of the U. S. Code entitled "Public Health
Service." See 42 U. S. C. ch. 6A. Braidwood does not even try to claim
that the Task Force falls outside of the Public Health Service -- on the
contrary, it concedes that, from the outset, the Task Force has been estab-
lished as an entity "within the Public Health Service." Supp. Brief for
Respondents 1; Brief for Respondents 34 -- 35.
 Cite as: (2025) 769

Opinion of the Court

threat of removal or otherwise) the outcome of individual
proceedings" conducted by the Coast Guard judges. Id., at
664.
Like the Coast Guard judges in Edmond, the Task Force
members here are removable at will and their decisions can
be reviewed and overruled by a superior -- here, the Secre-
tary of HHS. Therefore, the result in this case follows
a fortiori from Edmond.
In Free Enterprise Fund, the Court considered whether
members of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board were inferior offcers. See 561 U. S., at 510. After
fnding the members of the PCAOB removable at will by the
Securities and Exchange Commission, the Court concluded
that PCAOB members were inferior offcers. See id., at
508 -- 510. The fact that the PCAOB was nonetheless "em-
powered to take signifcant enforcement actions... largely
independently of the Commission" was no barrier to that
Page Proof Pending Publication
conclusion. Id., at 504.
In this case, the Task Force members are removable at
will, just as the PCAOB members were. And Task Force
members have no greater power than PCAOB members did
to independently make fnal, binding decisions. So the re-
sult in this case also follows directly from Free Enterprise
Fund.
And in United States v. Arthrex, after ensuring that the
Director of the Patent and Trademark Offce had authority
to review fnal decisions issued by Administrative Patent
Judges, the Court deemed those judges to be inferior off-
cers -- even though they were removable only for cause and
thus insulated from at-will removal. See 594 U. S., at 16 -- 
17; id., at 25 -- 26 (opinion of Roberts, C. J.).
If the patent judges in Arthrex, whose decisions were re-
viewable but who were not removable at will, were inferior
offcers, then there can be no doubt that the Task Force
members, who are subject to both forms of control, are infe-
rior offcers.
770 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

In sum, considering the Secretary's removal and review
authorities together, the inferior-officer issue is quite
straightforward under Edmond, Free Enterprise Fund, and
Arthrex. In light of those precedents, "we have no hesita-
tion in concluding" that Task Force members are inferior
offcers whose appointment by the Secretary of HHS is per-
missible under the Appointments Clause. Free Enterprise
Fund, 561 U. S., at 510.
D
On three separate grounds, Braidwood resists the conclu-
sion that Task Force members are inferior offcers. First,
Braidwood claims that Task Force members cannot be
removed at will. Second, Braidwood contends that Task
Force members exercise unreviewable authority in making
preventive-services recommendations. Third, Braidwood
posits that Task Force members cannot be inferior offcers

Page Proof Pending Publication
because the Secretary lacks power to compel the Task Force
to issue a particular recommendation, as opposed to power
to block a recommendation. None of the three arguments
is persuasive.
1
Braidwood frst claims that the Secretary cannot remove
Task Force members at will. It rests that argument on 42
U. S. C. -- 4(a)(6). That provision states that Task
Force members and their recommendations shall be "inde-
pendent and, to the extent practicable, not subject to political
pressure." See also -- 4(a)(1) ("The Director shall con-
vene an independent Preventive Services Task Force").
According to Braidwood, it is impossible for Task Force
members to be "independent" if they are also removable at
will. So they must not be removable at will, Braidwood
reasons.
In essence, Braidwood invites the Court to read a for-
cause removal restriction into a statute that does not explic-
itly provide for one. We decline to do so. The Court has
 Cite as: (2025) 771

Opinion of the Court

said that to "take away" the power of at-will removal from
an appointing offcer, Congress must use "very clear and ex-
plicit language." Shurtleff v. United States, (1903); see Hennen, 13 Pet., at 259 -- 260. "[M]ere infer-
ence or implication" does not suffce. Shurtleff, 189 U. S.,
at 315.
When Congress wants to depart from the default of at-
will removability and instead furnish for-cause protection, it
knows how to do so. In many statutes, Congress has speci-
fed that offcers shall be removed only for good cause, often
using a formulation like "ineffciency, neglect of duty, or mal-
feasance in offce." 15 U. S. C. (Federal Trade Commis-
sioners); 42 U. S. C. (1) (Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission members); 49 U. S. C. (3) (Surface
Transportation Board members); see also Arthrex, 594 U. S.,
at 17 (Patent judges may be removed only " `for such cause
as will promote the effciency of the service' " )).
In fact, Congress has done so with respect to members of
other bodies that, like the Task Force, are within the Public
Health Service of HHS: Ethics board members who review
research involving human subjects may be removed only "for
neglect of duty or malfeasance or for other good cause
shown." 42 U. S. C. -- 1(b)(5)(E). Notably, however,
Congress did not employ that kind of language in the statute
governing the Task Force.
Braidwood nonetheless suggests that the term "independ-
ent" in this statute suffces to displace the default of at-will
removal. But this Court already rejected that move in Col-
lins v. Yellen. There, the challengers argued that the Act-
ing Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency must
have been removable only for cause because Congress de-
scribed the agency as " `independent.' " 
(2021) ; emphasis deleted). The
Court disagreed, concluding that the challengers read "far
too much into the term `independent.' " 594 U. S., at 248.
772 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

The Court explained that "Congress has described many
agencies as `independent' without imposing any restriction
on the President's power to remove the agency's leadership."
Id., at 249.
Given Collins, Braidwood's argument based on the term
"independent" falls short. The word "independent" alone in
a statute does not make an offcer removable only for cause.
Rather, Congress must speak clearly if it wishes to insulate
offcers from at-will removal. It has not done so here.

2
Next, Braidwood insists that the Task Force members can-
not be inferior offcers because, in Braidwood's view, they
exercise unreviewable authority in making fnal recommen-
dations that are binding on health insurers. In other words,
Braidwood contends that the Secretary cannot prevent the
Task Force's "A" and "B" recommendations from taking
Page Proof Pending Publication
effect, and that the Task Force members are therefore not
inferior offcers.
The premise is wrong. As we have explained, the Secre-
tary in fact has authority to review the Task Force's recom-
mendations and can block them from taking effect.
Braidwood's argument to the contrary is, essentially, just
another version of its frst argument. Braidwood again falls
back on the independence provision. Braidwood claims that
-- 4(a)(6)'s requirement that Task Force members be
"independent and, to the extent practicable, not subject to
political pressure" must mean that the Task Force is com-
pletely insulated from the Secretary. As Braidwood sees it,
the Task Force's recommendations cannot be "independent"
or free from "political pressure" if the Secretary can review
and block them. We disagree for two distinct reasons.
First, the requirement that Task Force members be "inde-
pendent" is best read to mean that Task Force members
must not be unduly infuenced by their outside affliations.
Task Force members hail from universities, hospitals, and
 Cite as: (2025) 773

Opinion of the Court

professional associations. The requirement that they be
"independent" instructs them not to act as mere agents or
representatives of those outside entities. See Brief for
United States 32 (members "must not regard themselves as
mere representatives of the organizations or professions in
which they serve"); Brief for State of Illinois et al. as Amici
Curiae 13 (the provision ensures that members are not "op-
erating at the behest of external entities" given their "pro-
fessional and organizational ties").
To reinforce that critical aspect of independence, Task
Force members are subject to rigorous confict-of-interest
rules. See App. 42 -- 44. The stated purpose of those rules
is to protect the public's "confdence in the integrity of the
process by which the Task Force makes its recommenda-
tions." Id., at 42.
Moreover, it would not make sense to read "independent"
in -- 4(a)(6) more broadly to also mean insulation from
Page Proof Pending Publication
politically accountable superiors. That is because the re-
mainder of -- 4(a)(6) expressly provides that Task Force
members shall be, "to the extent practicable, not subject to
political pressure." (Emphasis added.) Congress therefore
plainly contemplated that insulation from all political pres-
sure would be impracticable. So to read the term "inde-
pendent" to mean that Task Force members must be entirely
shielded from political pressure would nullify Congress's
purposeful choice of language -- "to the extent practicable" -- 
in the remainder of the provision. -- 4(a)(6). Where
one reading of part of a statutory provision "deprives an-
other" part "of all independent effect" and another reading
"leaves both... with some independent operation," we gen-
erally prefer the latter. A. Scalia & B. Garner, Reading
Law: The Interpretation of Legal Texts 176 (2012).
Second, even if we were to interpret "independent" to
apply to political pressure, the phrase "independent and, to
the extent practicable, not subject to political pressure"
would mean only that Task Force members are generally
774 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

free from the Secretary's infuence in their formulation of
recommendations in the frst instance. The Secretary would
still retain power to review and block recommendations in
the minimum 1-year period before the recommendations
take effect.
Braidwood disagrees. It contends that the Secretary's
only power with respect to the Task Force's recommenda-
tions is to determine when they take effect. It says that
-- 13 makes the Task Force's recommendations binding
after the minimum 1-year interval regardless of what the
Secretary does. But that understanding of the statute can-
not be squared with the provisions discussed above that give
the Secretary general supervisory authority over the Task
Force.
So given the Secretary's review authority, Congress's in-
struction that Task Force members and their recommenda-
tions be "independent and, to the extent practicable, not sub-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ject to political pressure" means at most that Task Force
members can exercise independent judgment in generating
recommendations on the front end -- in the same way that
the Coast Guard judges in Edmond and the patent judges in
Arthrex made initial adjudicative decisions free from direc-
tion by superiors.
In that way, the Task Force's operation vis-à-vis the Secre-
tary is entirely consistent with Congress's longstanding prac-
tice -- refected in Edmond and Arthrex -- of authorizing
inferior-offcer adjudicators in the Executive Branch to make
initial, independent decisions that are only then subject to
review by a superior offcer. The "modern federal hearing
examiner or administrative law judge" generally "exercises
his independent judgment on the evidence before him, free
from pressures by the parties or other offcials within the
agency." Butz v. Economou, (1978). But
"it certainly is the norm for principal offcers to have the
capacity to review decisions made by inferior adjudicative
offcers." Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 20 (quotation marks omit-
 Cite as: (2025) 775

Opinion of the Court

ted). That is the "almost-universal model of adjudication in
the Executive Branch." Id., at 25 (opinion of Roberts,
C. J.). Indeed, the Administrative Procedure Act expressly
provides for agency-head review of initial decisions made by
Executive Branch adjudicators in 5 U. S. C.. And
" `higher-level agency reconsideration' by the agency head is
the standard way to maintain political accountability and ef-
fective oversight for adjudication that takes place outside the
confnes of." Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 20 ); see also Arthrex,
594 U. S., at 20 ).
The fact that a wide range of administrative law judges
and other inferior-offcer adjudicators throughout the Execu-
tive Branch make independent decisions in the frst instance
that are only later reviewable by politically accountable su-
Page Proof Pending Publication
periors reinforces the conclusion that Task Force members,
whose function at the very least accords with that practice,
are inferior offcers. Under the Appointments Clause, Con-
gress may permissibly provide for an initial "impartial deci-
sion by a panel of experts" who are appointed by a depart-
ment head, followed by a fnal "transparent decision for
which a politically accountable offcer must take responsibil-
ity." Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 16. The structure of the Task
Force preserves both expertise and accountability.
Finally, even if we perceived ambiguity in how -- 
4(a)(6)'s language regarding independence and freedom from
political pressure should be construed, constitutional avoid-
ance would counsel against adopting Braidwood's expansive
interpretation. We should not read the statute in a way
that makes the current method of appointment -- by the
Secretary -- unconstitutional if we can reasonably read it oth-
erwise. We have applied that constitutional-avoidance prin-
ciple in similar Appointments Clause cases. See, e. g.,
Edmond, 520 U. S., at 658. As this Court explained in Ed-
776 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

mond, "we must of course avoid" reading the statute "in a
manner that would render it clearly unconstitutional" when
" there is another reasonable interpretation available. "
Ibid.
An interpretation of -- 4(a)(6) under which the Task
Force members exercise independent judgment in formulat-
ing recommendations, but the Secretary maintains authority
to review and block them before they take effect is at the
very least a reasonable one. Under that interpretation, the
Task Force's operation is akin to the longstanding model of
agency adjudications. See id., at 664 -- 665; Arthrex, 594
U. S., at 19 -- 20. And that reading avoids making the stat-
ute's method of appointment to the Task Force -- that is, ap-
pointment by the Secretary -- unconstitutional. So to steer
clear of unconstitutionality, we would adopt that interpreta-
tion even if the statute's references to "independent" and
"to the extent practicable, not subject to political pressure"

Page Proof Pending Publication
created ambiguity as to what powers the Secretary pos-
sesses to review and block the Task Force's recommenda-
tions. -- 4(a)(6).
3
Braidwood's third argument is that Task Force members
are not inferior offcers because, even assuming that the Sec-
retary can review and block recommendations, the Secretary
cannot directly compel the Task Force to make an "A" or "B"
recommendation in the frst place.
To begin with, in light of the Secretary's at-will removal
power, he could in effect require the Task Force to make
certain recommendations -- at least in some situations. See
-- 4(a)(6) (Task Force "not subject to political pressure"
but only "to the extent practicable"). Specifcally, if the cir-
cumstances so warranted, the Secretary could remove and
replace members of the Task Force who were unwilling to
assign an "A" or "B" recommendation to a particular service.
In any event, even assuming that Braidwood's argument
on this point is correct, that would not affect the Task Force
members' inferior-offcer status.
 Cite as: (2025) 777

Opinion of the Court

For one thing, when the Task Force declines to issue an
"A" or "B" recommendation, there is less cause for concern
about executive offcers exercising signifcant governmental
authority without adequate supervision and direction. That
is because when the Task Force decides not to issue an "A"
or "B" recommendation, the Government is not regulating
private parties: Health insurers are free to cover or not
cover the preventive service at issue as they wish. Con-
gress made that freedom of choice explicit in the statute:
"Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit a
plan or issuer from providing coverage for services in addi-
tion to those recommended by" the Task Force "or to deny
coverage for services that are not recommended by such
Task Force." -- 13(a).
More fundamentally, this Court has not suggested that a
principal offcer must be able to compel a subordinate to take
an affrmative act affecting private parties in order for the
Page Proof Pending Publication
subordinate to qualify as an inferior offcer. On the con-
trary, the Court essentially held the opposite in Free Enter-
prise Fund. There, the Court recognized that the Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission lacked the power to require
the PCAOB to "start" individual investigations. 561 U. S.,
at 504. That was no impediment to this Court's concluding
that the PCAOB members were inferior offcers.
Similarly, in Edmond, the Judge Advocate General and
Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces could not compel the
Coast Guard judges to make a particular decision in the frst
instance. See 520 U. S., at 664 -- 665. Nor could the Director
of the Patent and Trademark Offce exercise that kind of
power over the patent judges in Arthrex. See 594 U. S., at
8 -- 9; id., at 25 -- 26 (opinion of Roberts, C. J.). The Coast
Guard and patent judges were nonetheless considered infe-
rior offcers.
Here, even if the Secretary cannot directly order the Task
Force to formulate an "A" or "B" recommendation, that does
not undermine the inferior-offcer status of the Task Force
members.
778 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

4
In essence, Braidwood urges this Court to read the rele-
vant statutes as having created an independent agency -- the
U. S. Preventive Services Task Force -- whose members
wield unchecked power in making preventive-services rec-
ommendations of great consequence for the healthcare and
health-insurance industries and the American people more
broadly. At oral argument, Braidwood went so far as to as-
sert that, with respect to preventive-services recommenda-
tions, the Task Force members are "more powerful than the
Secretary of HHS or the President." Tr. of Oral Arg. 101.
It would be odd, however, for this Court to attribute to
Congress the intent to create such a powerful independent
agency -- whose members would therefore require Presiden-
tial nomination and Senate confrmation -- when the text of
the statute says nothing of the sort.
When Congress wants to create an independent agency, it
Page Proof Pending Publication
generally does so by explicitly conferring for-cause removal
protection on the agency's leadership. See Part II -- D -- 1,
supra. And Congress usually couples that express for-cause
protection from removal with an express statement that
those agency heads shall be nominated by the President and
confrmed by the Senate. See, e. g., 15 U. S. C. (The
Federal Trade Commission "shall be composed of fve Com-
missioners, who shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate"); 42 U. S. C.
(The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
"shall be composed of fve members appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate");
49 U. S. C. (1) (The Surface Transportation Board
"shall consist of 5 members, to be appointed by the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate").
The statute establishing the Task Force contains none of
that customary language -- either with respect to for-cause
removal or appointment by the President with the advice
 Cite as: (2025) 779

Opinion of the Court

and consent of the Senate. That silence speaks volumes.
Contrary to the argument advanced by Braidwood, we will
not judicially construct a powerful new independent agency
that Congress and the President did not themselves establish
by statute.
III
Braidwood contends that even if Task Force members are
inferior offcers, their appointments were nonetheless uncon-
stitutional. Since June 2023, after questions arose about the
AHRQ Director's appointment of the Task Force members,
the Secretary of HHS has appointed all Task Force mem-
bers, including by re-appointing those who were already
serving. But Braidwood says that the Secretary lacks stat-
utory authority to make appointments to the Task Force,
which in turn would create a separate Appointments Clause
problem. The dissent advances a version of the same
argument.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Under the Appointments Clause, "Congress may by Law
vest the Appointment of " inferior offcers "in the Heads of
Departments." Art. II, cl. 2. Accord-
ing to Braidwood and the dissent, though, Congress has not
vested the authority to appoint Task Force members in the
Secretary of HHS, the relevant Head of Department.
Braidwood and the dissent maintain that, given the absence
of any statutory authorization for the Secretary to appoint,
Task Force members must be appointed by Presidential nom-
ination and Senate confrmation.
We disagree. Congress has, in two steps, expressly
vested the Secretary of HHS with the authority to appoint
Task Force members. First, in 1999, when Congress codi-
fed the Task Force, Congress authorized the Director of the
Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) to ap-
point members of the Task Force. Second, Reorganization
Plan No. 3 of 1966 transfers all of the AHRQ Director's func-
tions to the Secretary. Congress ratifed that Reorganiza-
780 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

tion Plan in 1984. So in 1999, when Congress gave the
AHRQ Director the authority to appoint Task Force mem-
bers, that authority vested in the Secretary.
Beginning in June 2023, the Secretary has exercised that
statutory authority to appoint the Task Force members.
Therefore, since June 2023, all Task Force members (includ-
ing the ones who already held offce as of that date) have
been appointed by the Secretary of HHS pursuant to a law
enacted by Congress -- and thus they have been appointed in
a manner consistent with the "Congress may by Law vest"
requirement of the Appointments Clause. Art. II, cl. 2.

A
1
The statute governing the Task Force, as originally
enacted in 1999 and amended in 2010, authorizes the AHRQ
Director to appoint the Task Force members. See, 113
Page Proof Pending Publication
Stat. 1659; 124 Stat. 541 -- 542. That statute provides that
the Director "shall convene" a Task Force "to be composed
of individuals with appropriate expertise." 42 U. S. C.
-- 4(a)(1).
To be sure, the statute does not use the term "appoint."
But Congress need not use magic words to confer appoint-
ment authority. Around the time of the Founding, "the verb
`appoint' " was synonymous with " `allot, assign, or desig-
nate.' " NLRB v. SW General, Inc., -- 313
(2017) (Thomas, J., concurring) );
see Al Bahlul v. United States, 967 F. 3d 858, 863, 873 -- 874
(CADC 2020) (holding that statute permitting the Secretary
of Defense to "designate" an offcer responsible for convening
military commissions vested the Secretary with authority to
"appoint" the convening offcer );
post, at 804 (opinion of Thomas, J.) (A "statute giving" a
department head "authority to assign a person" to an offce
satisfes the Appointments Clause ).
 Cite as: (2025) 781

Opinion of the Court

Depending on context, other terms like "direct" that are
perhaps less obviously synonymous with "appoint" may also
suffce to confer appointment authority -- and that may be so
even if the same statute uses the term "appoint" with re-
spect to other offcers. See SW General, Inc., 580 U. S., at
312 (Thomas, J., concurring) (concluding that when the Presi-
dent " `direct[s]' " someone to " `perform the functions and du-
ties' " of an offce temporarily, "he is `appoint[ing]' that per-
son as an `offcer of the United States' within the meaning of
the Appointments Clause" even though the statute refers to
"appointment[s]" to the same offces, 5 U. S. C. ).
More to the point, the AHRQ Director's power to "con-
vene" is naturally read to include the power to appoint in
this specifc context. Of course, "convene" in the abstract
could mean to merely "call together" or "assemble." Supp.
Brief for Respondents 4 (quotation marks omitted). But
where as here there is no separate statutory provision speci-
Page Proof Pending Publication
fying who is to appoint the individuals to be called together
or assembled, the obvious conclusion is that the person with
the power to convene is also the person with the power to
appoint. That is especially so when the person charged with
convening is required to ensure that members of the body to
be convened meet certain qualifcations, such as "appropriate
expertise." -- 4(a)(1).
Congress has elsewhere used the term "convene" to au-
thorize an offcial to both assemble a body and select its
members. For example, 10 U. S. C. states: "Military
commissions under this chapter may be convened by the Sec-
retary of Defense or by any offcer or offcial of the United
States designated by the Secretary for that purpose." That
statute contains no provision using the term "appoint."
Therefore, -- along with a neighboring provision that
also uses a term other than "appoint" (namely, "detail") -- has
been read to authorize the Secretary of Defense or his desig-
nee to appoint commission members. See Al Bahlul, 967
F. 3d, at 863 -- 864; see also ("When convening a mili-
782 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

tary commission under this chapter, the convening authority
shall detail" eligible "members of the armed forces"); see
also, e. g., 10 U. S. C. ("The Secretary of the mili-
tary department concerned shall convene a board of inquiry"
to "be composed of not less than three offcers" with specifed
"qualifcations"); 14 U. S. C. ("The Secretary shall
convene a Coast Guard Reserve Policy Board," and at "least
one-half of the members of the Board shall be Reserve off-
cers"); 33 U. S. C. (The Secretary of Commerce
"shall convene a personnel board" which "shall consist of not
less than fve offcers" of a certain "grade").
On the fip side, when Congress wants to decouple the
power to convene from the power to appoint, it has done so
explicitly. Consider 15 U. S. C. (2)(A), which pro-
vides that "the Chief Counsel for Advocacy" within the
Small Business Administration "shall convene an Inter-
agency Working Group" but then states that the Working
Page Proof Pending Publication
Group shall be composed of representatives from particular
agencies "as selected by the head of the agency." See also,
e. g., 20 U. S. C. -- 2(a), (b) (The Secretary of Education
"shall convene an ad hoc arbitration panel" with three mem-
bers "appointed" by others); 50 U. S. C., (d) (2018
ed., Supp. II) ("The Director of National Intelligence shall
convene meetings of the Joint Intelligence Community Coun-
cil" with membership of the Council specifed in the law
itself).
The statute setting up the Task Force is more like the
former set of statutes than the latter. So in context, the
AHRQ Director's power to "convene" naturally encompasses
the power to appoint.
Not surprisingly, the Executive Branch's actions for the
last 26 years, since the 1999 codifcation of the Task Force,
have refected that straightforward interpretation of the
statute -- without any apparent objection from Congress.
For those 26 years, the relevant government actors have al-
ways read the authorization to "convene" the Task Force to
 Cite as: (2025) 783

Opinion of the Court

include the power to appoint the Task Force members.
That considered and consistent Executive Branch practice -- 
which began contemporaneously with enactment of the stat-
ute codifying the Task Force in 1999 -- buttresses the or-
dinary meaning and natural interpretation of the term
"convene" in the statute. See Loper Bright Enterprises v.
Raimondo, (2024); see also Bondi v. Van-
DerStok, -- 481 (2025).

2
Of course, if the statute vested the power to appoint Task
Force members in the AHRQ Director alone, a constitutional
problem would exist. Not in 1999 when the "convene" pro-
vision was enacted and the Task Force's recommendations
were still advisory -- at that point, the Task Force members
were mere employees who could be appointed by the AHRQ
Director. But there would be a problem beginning in 2010
Page Proof Pending Publication
after the Affordable Care Act was enacted. Starting then,
the Task Force's "A" and "B" recommendations were no
longer merely advisory. Rather, health insurers had to
begin covering those recommended services at no cost to the
insured. So after the Affordable Care Act, the Task Force
members were offcers, not just employees. And as inferior
offcers, they could be appointed by the Secretary, who is a
Head of Department, but not by the AHRQ Director. In
short, since 2010, the Appointments Clause has required that
the Task Force members be appointed by the Secretary of
HHS.
As the Government explains, however, Congress itself
solved the potential constitutional issue that arose in 2010.
See Supp. Brief for United States 5. Specifcally, Reorgani-
zation Plan No. 3 of 1966, which was ratifed by Congress in
1984, transfers all authority of the AHRQ Director to the
Secretary. So under Reorganization Plan No. 3, the AHRQ
Director's power to appoint the Task Force members was
transferred to the Secretary. That means the Secretary
784 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

possesses the authority to appoint the Task Force members.
And the Secretary has exercised that appointment authority.
To explain the background a bit more fully: The Reorgani-
zation Act of 1949 charged the President with examining
"the organization of all agencies of the Government.",
63 Stat. 203. That Act authorized the President to prepare
reorganization plans when he determined that "the transfer
of the whole or any part of any agency" or its "functions"
"to the jurisdiction and control of any other agency" was
necessary., id., at 203; see id., at 204.
In 1966, acting pursuant to the 1949 Act, President Lyndon
Johnson issued Reorganization Plan No. 3. Before 1966, the
Public Health Service was separate from the Department of
Health and Human Services, then known as the Department
of Health, Education, and Welfare (HEW). See Public Pa-
pers of the Presidents, Lyndon B. Johnson, Vol. I, Apr. 25,
1966, p. 455 (1967). But in 1966, Reorganization Plan No. 3
Page Proof Pending Publication
transferred to the Secretary of HHS (then HEW) "all func-
tions of the Public Health Service" and its "offcers and em-
ployees" as well as "all functions of all agencies of or in the
Public Health Service." 80 Stat. 1610.
In 1984, Congress passed and President Reagan signed
legislation that ratifed and affrmed Reorganization Plan No.
3 "as law." 98 Stat. 2705.
The AHRQ is an agency "of or in the Public Health Serv-
ice," and the AHRQ Director is an "offcer" of the Public
Health Service. 80 Stat. 1610; see 42 U. S. C.. So
Reorganization Plan No. 3 "transfer[s]" all of the AHRQ Di-
rector's functions to the Secretary of HHS. 80 Stat. 1610.
As the Government stated at oral argument here, under Re-
organization Plan No. 3, "all of the Director's powers are the
Secretary's powers." Tr. of Oral Arg. 110.
After statutory codifcation of the Task Force in 1999,
those powers of the Secretary included the AHRQ Director's
power to appoint the Task Force members. Therefore, by
virtue of the 1984 Act ratifying Reorganization Plan No. 3
 Cite as: (2025) 785

Opinion of the Court

and the 1999 Act conferring appointment authority, Congress
vested the power to appoint Task Force members in the Sec-
retary of HHS.6
To be sure, Congress could have vested the Secretary
with appointment authority in more direct ways. But given
that the Appointments Clause question arose only in 2010
when the Task Force recommendations became binding and
Task Force members became offcers under the Affordable
Care Act, it is no surprise that the 1999 statute did not ex-
pressly name the Secretary.
Moreover, this Court has upheld as consistent with the
Appointments Clause statutory schemes that less directly
vest appointment authority in the Head of Department. For
example, in Free Enterprise Fund v. Public Company Ac-
counting Oversight Board, the Court stated that it had "pre-
viously found that the department head's approval" of an
inferior offcer's appointment of another inferior offcer "sat-
Page Proof Pending Publication
isfes the Appointments Clause.", 
(2010). For that proposition, the Court cited with approval
United States v. Hartwell, 6 Wall. 385 (1868). In Hartwell,
the Court considered a statute that authorized "the assistant
treasurer, at Boston, with the approbation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to appoint a specifed number of clerks."
Id., at 393. The
Hartwell Court explicitly blessed that arrangement, holding
that the clerks were "appointed by the head of a department
within the meaning of the constitutional provision." 6 Wall.,
at 393 -- 394.

6
That is not to say that the Secretary must personally perform every
function assigned by Congress to the Public Health Service and trans-
ferred to the Secretary by operation of Reorganization Plan No. 3. With
respect to most functions, the Secretary may delegate responsibility to
carry out the function back to the Public Health Service. See, 80 Stat.
1610. But where the Constitution requires that the Secretary personally
perform a particular function, like appointing the Task Force members,
delegation is not an option.
786 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

The appointment scheme at issue in this case more clearly
vests appointment authority in the department head (the
Secretary of HHS) than did the statute in Hartwell, the va-
lidity of which the Court affrmed in Free Enterprise Fund.
See 561 U. S., at 512,. In
Hartwell, the Secretary could only approve or disapprove
appointments proposed and carried out by the assistant
treasurer. So the assistant treasurer could frustrate the
Secretary's ability to appoint clerks of his choosing simply
by refusing to propose their appointment. Nonetheless, the
Court concluded that the statute vested authority to appoint
the clerks in the Secretary. Here, Reorganization Plan No.
3 grants the Secretary the power to stand in the shoes of the
AHRQ Director and himself appoint the Task Force mem-
bers -- far more direct appointment authority than existed
in Hartwell.
B
Page Proof
Braidwood Pending
and the dissent push backPublication
against the conclu-
sion that Congress has by law vested the Secretary with
appointment authority. They argue that the statute gov-
erning the Task Force actually does not grant appointment
authority to the AHRQ Director. And they contend that
even assuming that it does so, no statute "vests" such author-
ity in the Secretary.
1
Braidwood frst asserts that the 1999 statute codifying the
Task Force simply says "convene" and is therefore actually
"agnostic" about who should appoint the Task Force mem-
bers. Brief for Respondents 22; see Tr. of Oral Arg. 59 -- 61.
In other words, Braidwood claims that "Congress has not
`vested' the appointment of the Task Force in anyone."
Supp. Brief for Respondents 1. As Braid-
wood sees it, Congress did not care -- either in 1999 when it
codifed the Task Force or in 2010 when it made the Task
Force's recommendations legally binding -- whether the Task
 Cite as: (2025) 787

Opinion of the Court

Force members are appointed by the AHRQ Director, the
Secretary of HHS, the President, the Secretary of Energy, a
private party, or anyone else. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 59. And
Braidwood detects no problem with a statute under which
multiple different offcials or entities could all purport to ap-
point members of the Task Force. Braidwood suggests that
the AHRQ Director, the Secretary of HHS, or the President
could simply step in to announce which collection of individu-
als is the "real" Task Force. See Supp. Brief for Respond-
ents 5,.
We will not read the statute to usher in such a bizarre
and half-baked scheme. It is implausible to conclude that
Congress in 1999 established the Task Force and in 2010
charged its members with making legally binding healthcare
recommendations -- but was entirely indifferent as to who
would appoint those members. Tellingly, Braidwood has
failed to identify any other statute that establishes a govern-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment entity but is entirely agnostic about who will select the
members of that government entity. The far more sensible
reading of the Task Force statute is the Government's: that
in 1999, in authorizing the AHRQ Director to "convene" a
Task Force composed of members with "appropriate exper-
tise," Congress also charged the Director with selecting
those members. Supp. Brief for United States 2 -- 3 (1)).
The dissent, for its part, cannot bring itself to endorse
Braidwood's farfetched theory. But it nonetheless asserts
that we should not read "convene" to mean "appoint" because
the Appointments Clause supplies a default rule for how
inferior offcers should be appointed: by the President with
Senate confirmation. But -- 4(a)(1), together with
Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1966 as ratifed by Congress in
1984, expressly vests appointment authority in the Secretary
and therefore displaces any such default rule.
The dissent all but concedes that between 1999 and 2010 -- 
before the Task Force members were offcers and therefore
788 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

before the Appointments Clause was relevant -- the statutory
authorization to "convene" was best read to confer appoint-
ment authority. See post, at 816; see also post, at 815 (When
"no other provision addresses how the group's members are
named because the Appointments Clause does not apply,"
the "authority to `convene' " confers appointment authority).
But according to the dissent, the meaning of the statute sud-
denly changed in 2010 after the enactment of the Affordable
Care Act. The problem with that theory is that the relevant
statutory text did not change in 2010. Both before and
after the enactment of the Affordable Care Act, the statute
has granted authority to "convene" a Task Force "composed
of individuals with appropriate expertise." -- 4(a)(1);
-- 4(a)(1) (2006 ed.). So in effect, the dissent reads the
same words to mean different things before and after 2010.

2

Page Proof
Braidwood and the Pending Publication
dissent next argue that, even if the
AHRQ Director's statutory authority to "convene" carries
with it the power to appoint, Reorganization Plan No. 3 does
not actually transfer the Director's appointment authority to
the Secretary and thus does not vest appointment authority
in the Secretary.
First, Braidwood and the dissent emphasize that Reorga-
nization Plan No. 3 is not a "law" at all. They note that
the Plan was originally submitted to Congress in 1966 by
President Johnson and took effect only because neither
House of Congress passed a disapproval resolution within
60 days.
True but irrelevant. In a 1984 Act passed by Congress
and signed by President Reagan -- an Act that therefore in-
disputably qualifes as a "law" -- Congress stated that it
"hereby ratifes and affrms as law each reorganization plan"
previously enacted, including Reorganization Plan No. 3 of
1966. 98 Stat. 2705.
 Cite as: (2025) 789

Opinion of the Court

Second, Braidwood and the dissent point out that Con-
gress did not codify the Task Force or the authority to ap-
point Task Force members until 1999. And they claim that
Reorganization Plan No. 3 transferred to the Secretary only
those functions that existed as of 1966. But that frozen-in-
time reading of Reorganization Plan No. 3 fnds no footing in
either the statutory text or common sense.
Starting with the text, Reorganization Plan No. 3 transfers
to the Secretary "all functions" of the Public Health Service
and its offcers. 80 Stat. 1610. That most
naturally means an ongoing transfer of authority -- that is,
any new powers granted to the Public Health Service and its
offcers by Congress after 1966 would be transferred to the
Secretary, in addition to those powers existing as of 1966.
Moreover, the Dictionary Act provides that, "unless the con-
text indicates otherwise," "words used in the present tense
include the future as well as the present." 1 U. S. C..
Page Proof Pending Publication
Reorganization Plan No. 3 speaks in the present tense, pro-
viding that "all functions" "are hereby transferred." 80
Stat. 1610. The use of the present tense
combined with the expansive phrase "all functions" shows
that Congress intended that Reorganization Plan No. 3 effect
a continuing transfer of functions from the Public Health
Service to the Secretary.
Braidwood and the dissent both lean on a provision of the
Reorganization Act of 1949 stating that no "reorganization
plan shall provide for, and no reorganization under this Act
shall have the effect of... authorizing any agency to exercise
any function which is not expressly authorized by law at the
time the plan is transmitted to the Congress." 63 Stat. 205.
But that language merely prevented "the President, under
the guise of consolidating and rearranging, from actually cre-
ating authority in the Executive Branch which had not ex-
isted before." Dept. of Justice, Offce of Legal Counsel,
Memorandum of William H. Rehnquist, Assistant Atty. Gen.
790 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

(Sept. 11, 1969), in Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1969 (ICC):
Hearing before the Subcommittee on Executive Reorga-
nization of the Senate Committee on Government Opera-
tions, 91st Cong., 1st Sess., 29 (1969). In other words, that
provision barred the President from seizing on a reorga-
nization plan to unilaterally confer new powers on an
agency.
But that provision in no way barred Congress from later
enacting a law that conferred new powers on an agency sub-
ject to a reorganization plan. That is precisely what Con-
gress did in 1999 when it codifed the Task Force and granted
the AHRQ Director authority to appoint the Task Force
members. At that point, the AHRQ Director's authority to
appoint Task Force members became one of the "functions"
transferred to the Secretary. 80 Stat. 1610.
Reading Reorganization Plan No. 3 to provide for only a
one-time transfer of functions in 1966 and thereby freeze in
Page Proof Pending Publication
time the relationship between the Public Health Service and
the Secretary of HHS would also produce untenable -- bor-
dering on absurd -- results from the standpoint of the
agency's practical operations. It would mean that all func-
tions of the Public Health Service statutorily conferred on
the Service through 1966 would rest with the Secretary, but
any functions statutorily conferred on it after the 1966 Plan
became effective would fall outside of the Secretary's pur-
view. There is no good or plausible reason to think that
Congress created such an "arbitrary bifurcation." Supp.
Brief for United States 6.
To the extent it may be relevant, the then-Secretary of
HEW explained to Congress in 1966 that one objective of
Reorganization Plan No. 3 was to vest all of the Public
Health Service's current and future functions in the Secre-
tary so that he would have the "fexibility" "to reorganize"
the Service -- then and "at any future time" -- "as the require-
ments of the times demand." Reorganization Plan No. 3 of
1966 (Public Health Service): Hearing before a Subcommittee
 Cite as: (2025) 791

Opinion of the Court

of the House Committee on Government Operations, 89th
Cong., 2d Sess., 7 (1966). If the Secretary were vested with
only the functions of the Public Health Service that existed
as of 1966, he would lack the fexibility to reorganize the
Service as public health needs evolved and as Congress cor-
respondingly conferred new powers upon the Service.
Third, the dissent spins out a new theory of its own, posit-
ing that Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1966 could not have
transferred the AHRQ Director's functions to the Secretary
because otherwise the Director would be an "empty husk."
Post, at 819. But as the Government explains, the text of
Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1966 is plain: It explicitly states
that it " `transfer[s]' " " `all functions' " of " `offcers' " of the
Public Health Service, including the AHRQ Director, " `to
the Secretary.' " Supp. Brief for United States 5. And after that statutory transfer, the offcers
of the Public Health Service are not "empty husks" because
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Secretary may delegate responsibility to carry out func-
tions back to the Public Health Service and its offcers. See, supra. Section 2 of Reorganization Plan No. 3 ex-
pressly provides for such delegation: It states that the "Sec-
retary may from time to time make such provisions as he
shall deem appropriate authorizing the performance of any
of the functions transferred to him by the provisions of this
reorganization plan by any offcer, employee, or agency of
the Public Health Service." 80 Stat. 1610. And the Secre-
tary has in fact delegated functions back to the Public Health
Service. See, e. g., 31 Fed. Reg. 8964 (1966); 33 Fed. Reg.
5426 (1968); 53 Fed. Reg. 3457 (1988); 61 Fed. Reg. 29566
(1996).
So it is not correct, either in statutory text or in actual
practice, that the Reorganization Plan left the offcers of the
Public Health Service as "empty husks."
In sum, Braidwood's and the dissent's arguments on the
vesting issue fall fat. Read in context, two laws taken to-
gether -- Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1966 as ratifed by the
792 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

1984 Act; and the 1999 statute conferring appointment au-
thority -- expressly vest the Secretary with authority to ap-
point the Task Force members.7

3
Braidwood's and the dissent's arguments that Congress
has not properly vested the Secretary with authority to ap-
point Task Force members fail on their own terms. But if
there were any doubt on that score, the canon of constitu-
tional avoidance as applied in this Court's prior Appoint-
ments Clause cases would again dispel it.
Edmond v. United States is instructive. 
(1997). There, the challengers argued that Congress gave
the power to appoint judges of the Coast Guard Court of
Criminal Appeals to the Judge Advocate General. But be-
cause the Judge Advocate General was not a Head of Depart-
ment, it would have been unconstitutional for Congress to
Page Proof Pending Publication
vest appointment authority in the Judge Advocate General
alone. Rather than read the statute "in a manner that
would render it clearly unconstitutional," the Court adopted
a "reasonable" alternative reading: It interpreted the statu-
tory scheme to vest appointment authority in the Secretary
of Transportation. Id., at 658.
Here, reading the statutes at issue to vest appointment
authority in the AHRQ Director alone would likewise render
them "clearly unconstitutional." Ibid. Meanwhile, it is at a
minimum "reasonable" to read Reorganization Plan No. 3 to
have transferred the AHRQ Director's appointment power
to the Secretary, such that the statutes together vest the
7
Even if the statutes vested appointment authority in both the Secre-
tary and the AHRQ Director, the Government says (and Braidwood
agreed, at least at oral argument) that such a structure would not raise
constitutional concerns so long as the Secretary was the one to actually
make the appointments -- as has been the case since June 2023. See Supp.
Brief for United States 7; Tr. of Oral Arg. 67 -- 70, 111.
 Cite as: (2025) 793

Opinion of the Court

Secretary with authority to appoint the members of the Task
Force. Ibid.
C
Not only has Congress vested authority to appoint the
Task Force members in the Secretary of HHS, the Secretary
has now in fact exercised that authority. The Task Force
members have been inferior offcers since 2010 when the Af-
fordable Care Act was enacted. Until June 2023, the Task
Force members were appointed by the AHRQ Director
alone, not by the Secretary. Then in June 2023, after litiga-
tion belatedly alerted the Government to the fact that Task
Force members had become offcers, the Secretary both rati-
fed the Director's previous appointments of the Task Force
members and also re-appointed them (a sequence of events
that similarly occurred in Edmond). The Secretary has con-
tinued to appoint members of the Task Force, including all
current members.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The fact that the Secretary did not begin personally ap-
pointing the Task Force members until June 2023 is irrele-
vant to whether the Task Force members appointed by the
Secretary have been properly appointed. In Edmond, the
Secretary of Transportation had not historically appointed
the Coast Guard judges. After Appointments Clause chal-
lenges arose in litigation, the Secretary "issued a memoran-
dum `adopting' " the Judge Advocate General's appointments
as his own. Id., at 654. Those developments did not pre-
vent the Court from concluding that the Coast Guard judges
were properly appointed. The same is true here.

* * *
To sum up: Task Force members issue preventive-services
recommendations of critical importance to patients, doctors,
insurers, employers, healthcare organizations, and the Amer-
ican people more broadly. In doing so, however, the Task
Force members remain subject to the Secretary of HHS's
794 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

supervision and direction, and the Secretary remains subject
to the President's supervision and direction. So under Arti-
cle II and this Court's precedents, Task Force members are
inferior offcers, and Congress may vest the power to appoint
them in the Secretary of HHS. Congress has done so, and
the Secretary has appointed the Task Force members pursu-
ant to that grant of authority.
Therefore, the Task Force members' appointments are
fully consistent with the Appointments Clause in Article II
of the Constitution. The structure of the Task Force and
the manner of appointing its offcers preserve the chain of
political accountability that was central to the Framers' de-
sign of the Appointments Clause: The Task Force members
were appointed by and are supervised and directed by the
Secretary of HHS. And the Secretary of HHS, in turn, an-
swers to the President of the United States.
We reverse the judgment of the Court of Appeals and re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
mand the case for further proceedings consistent with this
opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Thomas, with whom Justice Alito and Justice
Gorsuch join, dissenting.
To promote democratic accountability, the Appointments
Clause establishes a default rule that all Executive Branch
offcers must be appointed by the President with the Senate's
approval. Art. II, cl. 2. Congress may depart from this
default by authorizing a department head to appoint "infe-
rior Offcers" -- but only if it does so expressly. Ibid.
This case concerns the U. S. Preventive Services Task
Force, a body that issues legally binding recommendations
regarding preventive healthcare treatments. At the begin-
ning of this suit, a subordinate offcial within the Department
of Health and Human Services (HHS) had for years ap-
pointed the Task Force's members. Everyone now agrees
 Cite as: (2025) 795

Thomas, J., dissenting

that this practice was unlawful. Everyone further agrees
that no one statute provides for a department head to ap-
point the Task Force's members. But, rather than accept
that the default mode of appointment applies, the Govern-
ment invented a new theory on appeal, arguing that the com-
bination of two ambiguously worded statutes enacted dec-
ades apart establishes that the Secretary of HHS can
appoint the Task Force's members.
The Court today rushes to embrace this theory. I cannot.
To begin with, I would not rule on the Government's new
theory before any lower court has done so. But, if we are
to decide this question now, I do not see how Congress has
spoken with the clarity needed to depart from the default
rule established by the Appointments Clause. In ruling
otherwise, the Court treats the default rule as an inconve-
nient obstacle to be overcome, not a constitutional principle
to be honored. And, it distorts Congress's design for the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Task Force, changing it from an independent body that re-
ports directly to the President to one subject to the control
of the Secretary of HHS.
I
A
The Appointments Clause provides that the President
"shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent
of the Senate," appoint all "Offcers of the United States."
Art. II, cl. 2. But, "the Congress may by Law vest the
Appointment of such inferior Offcers, as they think proper,
in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads
of Departments." Ibid.
The Clause prescribes the exclusive means of appointing
" `Offcers of the United States.' " Lucia v. SEC, (2018). Offcers are Government offcials who exer-
cise " `signifcant' " federal authority on an "ongoing" basis.
Id., at 245 -- 246. Those who do not exercise such authority
796 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

are mere nonoffcer employees and are not subject to the
Clause's requirements. Id., at 245.1
The Appointments Clause classifes offcers as either "infe-
rior" or noninferior. Noninferior offcers, called "principal"
offcers in our case law, must be appointed by the President
with the Senate's advice and consent. Inferior offcers by
"default" must be appointed in the same manner. Edmond
v. United States, (1997). But, Congress
may depart from the default by conferring the appointment
power on the President alone, a department head, or the
courts. A principal offcer in the Executive Branch is one
who has no "superior" other than the President. See id., at
662. An inferior offcer is one "whose work is directed and
supervised at some level by" a principal offcer. Id., at 663.
The Appointments Clause serves several purposes. It
protects the President's control over the Executive Branch
by providing that only the President or a department head

Page Proof Pending Publication
under his control may appoint executive offcers.2 At the
same time, it checks the President's power by requiring him

1
The parties agree that the exercise of "signifcant authority" marks the
dividing line between offcers and nonoffcer employees. Brief for Peti-
tioners 2 ; Brief for Respondents 4 -- 5.
I will assume that this view is correct for purposes of this opinion. But
see Lucia, 585 U. S., at 254 (Thomas, J., concurring) ("The Founders likely
understood the term `Offcers of the United States' to encompass all fed-
eral civil offcials who perform an ongoing, statutory duty -- no matter how
important or signifcant the duty").
2
Although this Court has held that Congress may sometimes vest the
courts with the power to appoint inferior executive offcers, Morrison
v. Olson, -- 677 (1988), I doubt that such "inter-branch"
appointments are consistent with the original understanding of the separa-
tion of powers. See In re Sealed Case, 838 F. 2d 476, 489 -- 496 (CADC
1988) (Silberman, J.). In any event, the Appointments Clause at a mini-
mum prevents Congress from vesting the appointment power in itself, as
many preframing state legislatures did. See Freytag v. Commissioner, (1991) (Scalia, J., concurring in part and concurring
in judgment).
 Cite as: (2025) 797

Thomas, J., dissenting

to nominate principal offcers personally and to obtain the
Senate's consent. These requirements ensure that the se-
lection of offcers is a public matter in which the President
must justify "the propriety of his choice." The Federalist
No. 76, p. 457 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (A. Hamilton).
With respect to inferior offcers, the Appointments Clause
balances effciency and accountability. The "obvious pur-
pose" of allowing appointment by the President alone or a
department head is "administrative convenience." Ed-
mond, 520 U. S., at 660. But, even with this allowance, the
Clause still imposes signifcant constraints. The Clause per-
mits a more informal method of appointment only when Con-
gress affrmatively chooses one, and Congress has retained
the default of requiring Senate confrmation in many cases
where it is not constitutionally required.3 Moreover, even
when Congress chooses to depart from the default rule, it
can vest the appointment power no more than one rung

Page Proof Pending Publication
below the President in the executive hierarchy. See id., at
658. By preventing lower level offcials from appointing of-
fcers, the Appointments Clause ensures that offcer selection
remains visible "to the public eye." The Federalist No. 77,
at 461 (A. Hamilton).
B
The Preventive Services Task Force is an "independent
panel" of nationally recognized medical experts charged with
making evidence-based recommendations about preventive
healthcare services. App. 37. Its 16 members are physi-

3
To give just a few examples, there are 14 Senate-confrmed positions
in HHS besides its head, the Secretary. See Senate Committee on Home-
land Security and Governmental Affairs, Policy and Supporting Positions,
118th Cong., 2d Sess., 62 -- 70 (Comm. Print 2024). All 93 U. S. Attorneys,
who are subordinate to the Attorney General, likewise are appointed only
by the President with Senate confrmation. 28 U. S. C.. And, the
Senate confrms tens of thousands of military offcers each year. See, e. g.,
170 Cong. Rec. D512 (May 16, 2024).
798 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

cians and researchers in the felds of preventive medicine and
primary care. They work on a volunteer basis and receive
no compensation for their service.
The Task Force reviews preventive services for their med-
ical effcacy and cost effectiveness. It assigns letter grades
to services, ranging from "A" to "D." "A" represents a high
certainty of a substantial net beneft, and "D" represents a
moderate or high certainty of no net beneft. The Task
Force may alternatively issue an "I" grade if there is insuff-
cient evidence to assess the balance of a service's benefts
and harms.
HHS offcials frst commissioned the Task Force in 1984 to
serve as a purely advisory body. In 1995, the Agency for
Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) assumed "respon-
sibility" for the Task Force. 63 Fed. Reg. 880 (1998).
AHRQ is part of the Public Health Service, a collection of
agencies within HHS. 42 U. S. C.. The Agency is
Page Proof Pending Publication
headed by a Director, who is appointed by the Secretary of
HHS.. The Director thus became responsible for
naming the Task Force's members and calling its meetings.
See 63 Fed. Reg. 879 -- 880.
Congress codifed AHRQ's responsibility for the Task
Force in 1999. 113 Stat. 1659 -- 1660. It provided that the
Director "may periodically convene a Preventive Services
Task Force to be composed of individuals with appropriate
expertise." 42 U. S. C. -- 4(a)(1) (2000 ed.).
The character of the Task Force fundamentally changed in
2010, when Congress passed the Affordable Care Act (ACA).
The ACA transformed the Task Force from a purely advisory
body into one whose recommendations carry the force of law.
Specifcally, the ACA requires health-insurance issuers and
group health plans to cover preventive services for which the
Task Force has issued an "A" or "B" recommendation without
imposing copayments, deductibles, or other cost-sharing
charges on patients. 42 U. S. C. -- 13(a)(1). The ACA
also replaced the 1999 version of -- 4(a)(1) with a new
 Cite as: (2025) 799

Thomas, J., dissenting

version providing that the AHRQ "Director shall convene an
independent Preventive Services Task Force." It further
provided that Task Force members and their recommenda-
tions "shall be independent and, to the extent practicable,
not subject to political pressure." -- 4(a)(6). Follow-
ing this enactment, the AHRQ Director continued to appoint
Task Force members.
C
In 2020, four individuals and two businesses who objected
to covering certain preventive treatments sued the Secre-
tary of HHS and other Government defendants, arguing that
the Task Force's members were invalidly appointed under
the Appointments Clause. The parties cross-moved for
summary judgment, with the Government arguing that the
Task Force's members are not offcers under the Clause be-
cause they are outside experts who do not exercise signif-
cant governmental authority.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The District Court granted summary judgment for the
challengers. Braidwood Mgmt. Inc v. Becerra, 627 F. Supp.
3d 624 (ND Tex. 2022). The court frst held that the Task
Force's members have been offcers since 2010, because the
ACA made their recommendations legally binding. It then
held that the Task Force's members had been invalidly ap-
pointed for two independent reasons. First, because no
other offcers supervise the Task Force's issuance of recom-
mendations, its members were principal offcers who had to
be appointed by the President with Senate confrmation.
Second, even if the Task Force members were inferior off-
cers, the AHRQ Director could not appoint them because, as
an offcer subordinate to the Secretary of HHS, the Director
is not a department head. The District Court issued an in-
junction prohibiting enforcement of the Task Force's recom-
mendations. Braidwood Mgmt. Inc v. Becerra, 666 F. Supp.
3d 613 (ND Tex. 2023).
The Government did not defend its original theory on ap-
peal. Instead, it argued for the frst time that the Task
800 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

Force's members are offcers, but only inferior ones subordi-
nate to the Secretary of HHS. And, while briefng was on-
going, the Secretary purported to appoint the Task Force
members. By that act, the Government argued, the mem-
bers now lawfully held their offces, because Congress had
vested the appointment of the Task Force's members in the
Secretary. The Government derived this purported ap-
pointment authority from the combination of two statutes,
enacted decades apart. First, -- 4(a)(1) gave the
AHRQ Director the power to "convene" the Task Force,
which the Government read to include appointing its mem-
bers. Second, a statute called Reorganization Plan No. 3 of
1966, 80 Stat. 1610 (Reorganization Plan), "transferred" to
the Secretary "all functions" of all offcers of the Public
Health Service, including AHRQ. In addition to claiming to
appoint the members, the Secretary issued an order purport-
ing to ratify all the recommendations that the Task Force
Page Proof Pending Publication
had issued from 2010 to 2022, when its members had been
unlawfully appointed by the AHRQ Director.
The challengers opposed the Government's new theory.
They contended that the Director's convening power does
not include the power to appoint, and that this power is in
any event not one of the functions transferred by the Reor-
ganization Plan. The challengers also maintained that the
Task Force members were principal offcers who had to be
appointed by the President with Senate confrmation.
The Fifth Circuit affrmed in relevant part. Braidwood
Mgmt., Inc. v. Becerra, 104 F. 4th 930 (2024). The court as-
sumed without deciding that the Secretary had the statutory
power to appoint the Task Force. It then held that Task
Force members are principal offcers. The court acknowl-
edged that, if the Secretary has the authority to appoint the
Task Force's members, he would thereby have the authority
to remove them at will, giving him a powerful mechanism
for de facto control. But, that control was insuffcient to
make the Task Force inferior offcers, the court concluded,
 Cite as: (2025) 801

Thomas, J., dissenting

because the Secretary has no authority to exercise direct
review or supervision over the Task Force's issuance of rec-
ommendations. Rather, the statutory scheme "contem-
plates complete autonomy" for the Task Force. Id., at 944.
The court then held that the Secretary's purported ratifca-
tion was invalid because the Secretary has no authority to
"review, revise, or issue the preventive-care recommenda-
tions himself." Id., at 948.
The Government asked this Court to decide whether the
structure of the Task Force violates the Appointments
Clause. We granted certiorari. (2025).

II
I would remand for the Fifth Circuit to consider the im-
portant threshold question that it skipped: whether the Sec-
retary has the statutory power to appoint the Task Force.
The Secretary may appoint the Task Force's members only
Page Proof Pending Publication
if (1) Congress has vested in the Secretary the power to ap-
point them, and (2) the members are inferior offcers under
the Appointments Clause. The answer to the frst question
signifcantly affects the analysis of the second question.
But, no court has passed on the frst question, and this Court
has had only a limited opportunity to consider it.
We should resolve the statutory challenge to the Secre-
tary's appointment authority before addressing the constitu-
tional challenge. Due respect for Congress as a coordinate
branch of Government usually demands that we refrain from
calling the constitutionality of its enactments into question
" `unless absolutely necessary to a decision of the case.' "
Ashwander v. TVA, (1936) (Brandeis, J.,
concurring). Accordingly, before " `reaching any constitu-
tional questions, federal courts must consider nonconstitu-
tional grounds for decision.' " Jean v. Nelson, (1985); see Edmond, 520 U. S., at 655 -- 656 (considering
the petitioner's statutory challenge to an offcer's appoint-
ment before his constitutional challenge).
802 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

That rule applies with special force here because the statu-
tory question logically precedes the constitutional question.
The Task Force's members are inferior offcers if their "work
is directed and supervised at some level" by the Secretary.
Id., at 663. To determine whether that is the case, our prec-
edents instruct us to consider (1) whether the Secretary can
remove them at will and (2) whether the Secretary can di-
rectly review or command their actions. See Free Enter-
prise Fund v. Public Company Accounting Oversight Bd.,
(2010). Whether the Secretary appoints
the Task Force's members affects both these inquiries. Ab-
sent a statutory provision to the contrary, "the power of re-
moval" is "incident to the power of appointment." Ex parte
Hennen, 13 Pet. 230, 233 (1839). And, if the Secretary has
the statutory power to appoint, we will also be more likely
to conclude that he has the power to direct the Task Force
and review their decisions. After all, if the Secretary ap-

Page Proof Pending Publication
points the Task Force, it must be subject to his supervision
to be constitutionally structured. Under the canon of con-
stitutional avoidance, we would therefore have to interpret
the statutes governing the Task Force to permit secretarial
supervision if it is "fairly possible" to do so. United States
v. Jin Fuey Moy, (1916). In contrast, if
Congress never gave the Secretary the appointment power,
it makes no constitutional difference whether the Task Force
answers to the Secretary or to the President alone. We
would have no reason to put a thumb on the scale in favor of
secretarial supervision.4
4
Whether the Secretary has statutory appointment authority may also
affect the appropriate remedy for an unlawful appointment. This Court's
"severability" doctrine directs that, when a court fnds " `a constitutional
faw in a statute,' " it should "seve[r] any `problematic portions while leav-
ing the remainder intact,' " unless the court can divine that Congress
"would have preferred" the statute's wholesale invalidation. Free Enter-
prise Fund, 561 U. S., at 508 -- 509. Thus, when Congress unconstitution-
ally vests the power to appoint a principal offcer in a department head,
this Court will ask whether it is possible to save the appointment by "sev-
 Cite as: (2025) 803

Thomas, J., dissenting

The Fifth Circuit did not follow the standard order of oper-
ations. It skipped over whether Congress had vested the
appointment of the Task Force's members in the Secretary
and instead held that, even assuming that Congress had, the
Task Force members are principal offcers not subject to the
Secretary's supervision. Because the Fifth Circuit should
have decided the statutory question before the constitutional
one, I would vacate and remand for it to do so. See Massa-
chusetts v. Westcott, (1977) (per curiam).5
It is not our "usual practice" to decide important legal ques-
tions in the frst instance. CRST Van Expedited, Inc. v.
EEOC, (2016). Deviating from standard
practice is particularly unwise here, where the Government
frst developed its statutory theory on appeal and the parties
have only minimally addressed the question in their principal
briefs. But, because the majority insists on deciding the
statutory question now, see ante, at 779 -- 793, so will I.

Page ProofthatPending
ering" the provisions insulate the offcer Publication
from supervision. See
United States v. Arthrex, Inc., -- 26 (2021) (plurality opinion).
But, if Congress never vested the appointment of an offcer in a depart-
ment head in the frst place, this option is off the table. Justice Gor-
such and I have criticized the Court's severability doctrine as inconsistent
with traditional remedial principles. See id., at 32 -- 33 (Gorsuch, J., con-
curring in part and dissenting in part); Seila Law LLC v. Consumer Fi-
nancial Protection Bureau, -- 253 (2020) (Thomas, J.,
concurring in part and dissenting in part). But, so long as this Court
adheres to the doctrine, the question of a department head's statutory
authority is very likely to emerge at the remedial stage. This reality
counsels further in favor of resolving statutory challenges to appointment
authority before constitutional challenges.
5
Although prudence counsels in favor of deciding the statutory question
frst, the Fifth Circuit's decision to skip over it was understandable. The
District Court passed on only the constitutional question because the Gov-
ernment at that time did not claim that it was the Secretary's responsibil-
ity to appoint the Task Force's members. Like us, the Fifth Circuit is not
supposed to be a court of frst view, so it decided only the question on
which it had a lower court decision from which to work. The fault for the
unusual posture of this case lies principally with the Government for
adopting an entirely new theory on appeal.
804 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

III
If forced to decide, I would affrm on the ground that Con-
gress has not given the Secretary of HHS the power to ap-
point Task Force members. The members must therefore
be appointed by the President with Senate confrmation.

A
A department head may appoint an inferior offcer only if
Congress has "by Law vest[ed] the Appointment of such"
offcer in him. Art. II, cl. 2. At the time of the framing,
" `by Law' " of course meant "by statute." Lucia, 585 U. S.,
at 254 (Thomas, J., concurring); see United States v. Mau-
rice, 26 F. Cas. 1211, 1213 (No. 15,747) (CC Va. 1823) (Mar-
shall, C. J.). "[T]he verb `appoint' meant `[t]o establish any
thing by decree' or `[t]o allot, assign, or designate.' " NLRB
v. SW General, Inc., -- 313 (2017) (Thomas,
J., concurring) (6th ed. 1785); 1 N. Webster, An
American Dictionary of the English Language (def. 3) (1828);
citations omitted). Thus, to vest appointment power for an
offce in a department head, Congress must pass a statute
giving him the authority to assign a person to that offce.
The vesting of appointment authority must be explicit.
When reading two legal texts together, the "specifc con-
trols" over the "general." National Cable & Telecommuni-
cations Assn., Inc. v. Gulf Power Co., -- 336
(2002). The Appointments Clause's default rule of appoint-
ment by the President with Senate confrmation specifcally
addresses how an inferior offcer is to be appointed. Ap-
pointment authority therefore cannot be deemed implicit in
a more general grant of authority to a department head; only
a provision that specifcally addresses appointment can dis-
place the default. And, because the Appointments Clause's
default rule, as a constitutional provision, is of greater "dig-
nity" than a statute, we should not presume that Congress
meant to set it aside if the question is doubtful. See A.
 Cite as: (2025) 805

Thomas, J., dissenting

Scalia & B. Garner, Reading Law 187 (2012) (Scalia & Gar-
ner). In particular, we cannot infer appointment authority
from a principal offcer's authority to supervise an inferior
offcer. By its default rule, the Appointments Clause pre-
sumes that an inferior offcer will act at the direction of a
principal offcer and yet be appointed by the President with
Senate confrmation.
Further, the statute must vest the power in the depart-
ment head himself, not one of his subordinates. By limiting
the executive offcials who can appoint inferior offcers to
"the President" and "the Heads of Departments," Art. II., cl. 2, the Appointments Clause prohibits the exercise of
appointment authority by inferior offcers, even though in
other contexts a department head can validly act through
such subordinate offcers. See Scalia & Garner 107 ("The
expression of one thing implies the exclusion of others"
(boldface deleted)). Thus, a law purporting to vest the ap-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pointment power in an offcer below a department head is
not a backdoor way of vesting power in the head; it is a
"clearly unconstitutional" enactment. Edmond, 520 U. S., at
658; accord, 11 Op. Atty. Gen. 209, 213 (1865).
Our precedents illustrate these principles. In 1866, Con-
gress "authorized" an "assistant treasurer... to appoint,
with the approbation of the Secretary of the Treasury," cer-
tain "clerk[s]." 14 Stat. 202. Because the
statute required the Secretary's personal approval, this
Court held that such clerks were "appointed by the head of
a department within the meaning of the" Appointments
Clause. United States v. Hartwell, 6 Wall. 385, 393 -- 394
(1868). In contrast, the Court held that a statute authoriz-
ing the "collector" of customs to employ "clerks," Rev. Stat.
(repealed), did not vest the appointment power in the
Secretary of the Treasury, even though the collector was
subordinate to that Secretary. United States v. Smith, -- 533 (1888). Unlike in Hartwell, no "act of
Congress" established that the clerks' appointment "could
806 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

only be made with the approbation of the Secretary." 124
U. S., at 532; see also United States v. Germaine, (1879) (holding that Congress cannot vest the
appointment power by conferring it on offcials who are
" the mere aids and subordinates of the heads of the
departments").
The Executive Branch -- despite having every institutional
incentive to avoid the hurdle of Senate confrmation -- has
also long recognized that only an explicit statute can vest
the appointment power. For over 170 years, the Attorney
General has held that "without there be[ing an] express en-
actment to the contrary,... the appointment of any offcer
of the United States belongs to the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate." 6 Op. Atty. Gen. 1
(1853) ; accord, 15 Op. Atty. Gen. 449, 450
(1878); 17 Op. Atty. Gen. 532, 533 (1883); 26 Op. Atty. Gen.
627, 629 (1908); 29 Op. Atty. Gen. 116, 117 (1911); 38 Op. Atty.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Gen. 566, 574 (1937); 20 Op. OLC 124, 139, (1996). In
1908, for instance, Congress created the offce of Second Dep-
uty Comptroller of the Currency, to assist the Comptroller
and the First Deputy with their duties. 35 Stat. 203. Al-
though Congress had vested the authority to appoint the
Comptroller and First Deputy in the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, it enacted no language to that effect for the Second Dep-
uty. See 26 Op. Atty. Gen., at 629. Despite fnding the re-
sult "anomalous," the Attorney General concluded that the
Secretary did "not possess the power to appoint this Second
Deputy." Ibid.
Finally, because of the need for vesting to be explicit, Con-
gress's choice of words matters. When the First Congress
sought to vest the appointment of an inferior offcer in a
department head, it usually, if not always, enacted a provi-
sion stating that the head shall "appoint" the offcer. See,
e. g., 1 Stat. 29, 50, 65, 68. Although "appoint" is not the only
verb that Congress can use, see SW General, 580 U. S., at
313 (Thomas, J., concurring), this Court has been reluctant
to fnd a vesting where the statute in question uses a verb
 Cite as: (2025) 807

Thomas, J., dissenting

that Congress does not typically employ to confer appoint-
ment authority. See Edmond, 520 U. S., at 657 (holding that
the power to "assign" military judges is not the power to
"appoint" them, because "Congress has consistently used the
word `appoint' " to vest appointment power for "military po-
sitions"); Weiss v. United States, -- 173 (1994)
(similar); Auffmordt v. Hedden, -- 327 (1890)
(fnding no vesting of appointment authority in part because
"[t]he statute does not use the word `appoint,' but uses the
word `select' ").
The Appointments Clause's default of appointment by the
President with Senate confrmation can lead to ineffcient
and sometimes "anomalous" results. See 26 Op. Atty. Gen.,
at 629. But, it is our job to enforce it. "We cannot cast
aside the separation of powers and the Appointments
Clause's important check on executive power for the sake
of administrative convenience or effciency." SW General,

Page Proof Pending Publication
Inc., 580 U. S., at 317 (Thomas, J., concurring).

B
The Government's theory is that Congress vested the ap-
pointment of the Task Force in the Secretary through a com-
bination of two statutes. First, it reads the AHRQ Direc-
tor's power to "convene" the Task Force under 42 U. S. C.
-- 4(a)(1) to include the power to appoint its members.
Second, it asserts that the Reorganization Plan transfers the
"functions" of the Director, including the power to appoint,
to the Secretary of HHS., 80 Stat. 1610. Neither
premise is correct.
1
The Director's power to "convene" the Task Force does
not include the power to appoint its members. This premise
conficts with both ordinary meaning and the canon of consti-
tutional avoidance.
To "convene" a group means "to cause" it "to assemble."
Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 272 (11th ed. 2005);
accord, American Heritage Dictionary 400 (4th ed. 2000)
808 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

("[t]o cause to come together formally"); Black's Law Dic-
tionary 380 (9th ed. 2009) ("[t]o call together; to cause to as-
semble"); New Oxford American Dictionary 379 (3d ed. 2010)
("bring together for a meeting or activity; assemble"). That
task is different from selecting the membership of the group.
The President "may, on extraordinary Occasions, convene
both Houses" of Congress. U. S. Const., Art. II,. That
provision means that he can make Congress meet, not that
he can appoint Senators and Representatives. Likewise, if
someone says that the President "convened" his Cabinet last
Thursday, that statement means that the President held a
meeting with the Cabinet members on that day, not that he
appointed the Cabinet members. The Director's power to
convene the Task Force thus cannot be the explicit grant of
appointment power needed to displace the default estab-
lished by the Appointments Clause.
Context supports giving "convene" its ordinary meaning.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Task Force members are unpaid, part-time volunteers, who
ordinarily meet three times a year. 89 Fed. Reg. 101606
(2024). To facilitate these volunteer meetings, Congress di-
rected that AHRQ "shall provide ongoing administrative, re-
search, and technical support for the operations of the Task
Force." 42 U. S. C. -- 4(a)(3). Part of that support
naturally includes determining when, where, and how the
Task Force will meet -- i. e., convening it. Using the ordi-
nary defnition of "convene" therefore makes sense in the
context of -- 4(a)(1); there is no need to stretch the term
to mean "appoint."
The remainder of the Public Health Service Act, in which
AHRQ's governing statutes are housed, reinforces that the
power to "convene" is not the power to appoint. The Act
repeatedly provides for the appointment of inferior offcers
simply by stating that the Secretary shall "appoint" them.
See, e. g., 242k(a), 247d -- 7e(c)(3), 284(a)(1), 286a(a)
(1)(A), 299(a), 300cc -- 40(a), 300hh -- 15(a), 300u -- 7(a). In con-
trast, neither the Government nor the majority can identify
 Cite as: (2025) 809

Thomas, J., dissenting

a single other instance where the Act uses "convene" to vest
the appointment of an inferior offcer. Since Congress gen-
erally chose to track the language of the Appointments
Clause when vesting appointment power in the Act, we
should not expect the term "convene" to do so. See Ed-
mond, 520 U. S., at 657; Auffmordt, 137 U. S., at 327.
The Government's reading of "convene" is even more im-
plausible in the context of its theory that Congress meant to
vest the Secretary with the appointment power by giving the
Director the power to convene. We presume that Congress
"generally employ[s] the words which most directly and aptly
express the ideas [it] intend[s] to convey." Gibbons v.
Ogden, 9 Wheat. 1, 188 (1824). Had Congress meant to con-
fer the appointment power on the Secretary, surely it would
have just done so directly -- as it did in many other provisions
of the Public Health Service Act. Supra, at 808 and this
page. The implausibility of Congress vesting appointment

Page Proof Pending Publication
authority in this oblique way -- something it apparently has
nowhere else done -- makes it all the less likely that Congress
meant "appoint" when it said "convene."
Were there any doubt, the canon of constitutional avoid-
ance makes clear that the power to "convene" does not in-
clude the power to appoint. A statute vesting the appoint-
ment power in the Director, who is not a department head,
would be "clearly unconstitutional." Edmond, 520 U. S.,
at 658. We must therefore read -- 4(a)(1) not to con-
fer appointment authority if it is "fairly possible" to do
so. Jin Fuey Moy, 241 U. S., at 401. And, of course, it is
"fairly possible" to read "convene," whose core meaning is sim-
ply to cause to assemble, not to encompass appointment. See
supra, at 807 -- 808.6 Because we can avoid reading -- 

6
The Government and the majority both agree that " `convene' doesn't
necessarily connote appointment." Tr. of Oral. Arg. 6; see ante, at 781.
The most recent version of the Task Force's Procedure Manual even says
that "AHRQ convenes the Task Force," while "the Secretary of HHS se-
lects new members" to serve on it -- thereby recognizing the distinction
810 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

4(a)(1) to vest appointment power in the AHRQ Director,
we must.
2
Even if Congress unconstitutionally vested appointment
power in the Director, the Reorganization Plan does not
transfer that power to the HHS Secretary. The Plan
"transfer[s]" "all functions" of the "offcers and employees of
the Public Health Service" -- including the AHRQ Director -- 
"to the Secretary.", 80 Stat. 1610. But, for four rea-
sons, the power to appoint the Task Force cannot be a "func-
tion" transferred by the Plan.
First, the Reorganization Plan does not apply to functions
that did not exist when the Plan was issued in 1966. This
conclusion follows from the legal backdrop surrounding the
Reorganization Plan's issuance. The Plan was originally a
Presidential directive, not a statute. The Reorganization
Act authorized the President to submit to Congress reorga-
Page Proof Pending Publication
nization plans for executive departments. If neither House
of Congress objected within 60 days, a plan acquired the
force of law. 5 U. S. C. (1964 ed., Supp. II). Presi-
dent Johnson submitted a Reorganization Plan for the Public
Health Service under this procedure in 1966. 80 Stat. 1610.
Following INS v. Chadha, (1983), which held
that single-House vetoes of agency action are unconstitu-
tional, Congress in 1984 enacted a statute that "ratifes and
affrms as law" all previously implemented reorganization
plans. 98 Stat. 2705.
The Reorganization Act prohibited plans from "authoriz-
ing an agency" -- which includes the Secretary -- "to exercise
a function which is not expressly authorized by law at the
time the plan is transmitted to Congress." (4) (em-
phasis added); see (B) (defning "agency" to include
an "offcer... in or under an Executive agency").
between convening and appointing. U. S. Preventive Services Task
Force, Procedure Manual.5.1, 1.9 (Apr. 2023), https://www.
uspreventiveservicestaskforce.org/uspstf/about-uspstf/methods-and-
processes/procedure-manual/procedure-manual-section-1.
 Cite as: (2025) 811

Thomas, J., dissenting

The Reorganization Plan must be read in harmony with
this limit. We must assume, given the overlap in terminol-
ogy, that the "transfe[r]" of "functions" effected by the Plan
has the same scope as the "transfer" of "functions" author-
ized by the Act. Reorganization Plan ; 5 U. S. C.
(1) (1964 ed., Supp. II); see George v. McDonough,
(2022) (Where a legal text employs a term
"obviously transplanted from another legal source, it brings
the old soil with it" ). We
must likewise presume that President Johnson did not mean
to exceed the limits on his authority imposed by the Reorga-
nization Act. See Scalia & Garner 66 ("An interpretation
that validates outweighs one that invalidates" (boldface de-
leted)). Accordingly, the term "functions" in the Plan must
have, at most, the same meaning as it does in the Act. See
Reorganization Plan ; 5 U. S. C. (1) (1964 ed.,
Supp. II). The Plan thus cannot transfer "functions" that
Page Proof Pending Publication
did not exist in 1966, such as the AHRQ Director's duty to
convene the Task Force.
Second, the Reorganization Act prevents us from reading
"functions" to encompass the authority to appoint offcers.
Separately from its authorization of a "transfer" of "func-
tions," (1), the Act states that a plan may "provide
for the appointment and pay of the head and one or more
offcers of an agency... if the President fnds, and in his
message transmitting the plan declares, that by reason of a
reorganization made by the plan the provisions are neces-
sary.". And, "if the appointment is not to a posi-
tion in the competitive service, it shall be by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate." Ibid.
The Act thus distinguishes between a transfer of functions
and a conferral of appointment authority, with special proce-
dural requirements imposed on the latter.
Here, the Plan provides only for a transfer of functions.
See. It therefore cannot be read to authorize the ap-
pointment of offcers. Cf., e. g., Reorganization Plan No. 3 of
1949, 63 Stat. 1066 (transferring functions and providing for
812 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

the appointment of inferior offcers in distinct sections).
Further, President Johnson's transmittal message made none
of the fndings needed to provide for appointment authority.
See Public Papers of the Presidents, Lyndon B. Johnson, Vol.
1, Apr. 25, 1966, pp. 453 -- 456 (1967). Nor, in any event, could
the transmittal message have provided for the appointment
of the Task Force, which did not exist in 1966. Finally, even
if the Reorganization Plan had provided for the appointment
of offcers, it could not have authorized the Secretary to ap-
point them, because the Reorganization Act required all non-
civil-service offcer positions provided for in reorganization
plans to be appointed by the President with Senate confr-
mation.. Reading the Plan to transfer appoint-
ment authority would thus fout the Act.
Third, the appointment of the Task Force cannot be a
"function" of the AHRQ Director because the Director can-
not validly appoint its members under the Appointments
Page Proof Pending Publication
Clause. The term "functions" in the Reorganization Act and
Plan is ambiguous. It could refer either to whatever "func-
tions" an offcer is nominally authorized to perform by stat-
ute, or it could refer solely to those "functions" that he may
perform "when all applicable law" -- including the Constitu-
tion -- "is taken into account." United States v. Briggs, (2020) (observing that the same ambiguity arises
when a statute refers to crimes " `punishable by death' ").
"[C]ontext is determinative" in resolving this ambiguity.
Id., at 73.
Here, the purpose of a "reorganization" plan is to "give
a defnite and orderly structure to" a department's existing
functions, not to create new functions that a department can-
not otherwise lawfully perform. Oxford English Dictionary
923 -- 924 (2d ed. 1989) (defning "organize"). A plan may not,
"under the guise of consolidating and rearranging,... cre-
at[e] authority in the Executive Branch which had not ex-
isted before." Dept. of Justice, Offce of Legal Counsel,
 Cite as: (2025) 813

Thomas, J., dissenting

Memorandum of William H. Rehnquist, Assistant Atty. Gen.
(Sept. 11, 1969), in Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1969 (ICC):
Hearing before the Subcommittee on Executive Reorganiza-
tion of the Senate Committee on Government Operations,
91st Cong., 1st Sess., 29 (1969) (Rehnquist Memorandum).
Yet, that is precisely what the Government's reading accom-
plishes, since, without the Reorganization Plan, the Execu-
tive has no power to appoint the Task Force outside the
gauntlet of Senate confrmation.
Finally, reading the Plan to transfer appointment author-
ity creates constitutional problems. If the Reorganization
Act authorized the President to make such a transfer, it
would be unconstitutional. Only "Congress" can vest the
appointment of inferior offcers in a department head, and it
must do so "by Law." Art. II, cl. 2. But, the President
is not Congress, and an executive edict is not a "Law." See
Lucia, 585 U. S., at 254 (Thomas, J., concurring); Maurice,
Page Proof Pending Publication
26 F. Cas., at 1213. Additionally, of the Plan permits the
Secretary to "authoriz[e] the performance of any of the func-
tions transferred to him by the provisions of this reorganiza-
tion plan by any offcer" of the Public Health Service or HHS
at large. The Secretary, however, is the sole head of HHS.
He therefore cannot constitutionally authorize any other of-
fcer to perform the function of appointing the Task Force.
Constitutional avoidance again requires us to reject the Gov-
ernment's reading.
C
The majority embraces both steps of the Government's ar-
gument, but its reasoning is unpersuasive.

1
The majority follows the Government in reading "con-
vene" to mean "appoint. " Ordinary meaning and the
constitutional-avoidance canon again foreclose this approach.
814 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

a
The majority fnds appointment power in the Director's
duty to "convene" only by applying the wrong standard.
The majority acknowledges that the term "convene" "could
mean to merely `call together' or `assemble.' " Ante, at 781.
But, it asserts that, in the absence of a separate, explicit
"provision specifying who is to appoint the individuals to be
called together or assembled," it is reasonable to infer that
"the person with the power to convene is also the person
with the power to appoint." Ibid. There is, however, a
separate provision -- the Appointments Clause, which spe-
cifcally addresses how all inferior offcers are to be ap-
pointed. Its default rule controls absent an "express enact-
ment to the contrary." 6 Op. Atty. Gen., at 1. By defnition,
an interpretation that relies on an inference from the
absence of a separate appointment provision cannot
"expressly" overcome the default. Contra, ante, at 779,
Page Proof Pending Publication
787, 792.
The same problem plagues the majority's examples of Con-
gress purportedly using "the term `convene' to authorize an
offcial to both assemble a body and select its members."
Ante, at 781. To begin, it begs the question to list a handful
of statutes that use the term "convene" and then simply de-
clare that they confer appointment authority because the
statutes do not elsewhere specifcally address appointments.
That assumption does not follow. Take the majority's lead
example, the convening of military commissions under 10
U. S. C.. The Secretary of Defense has no need to
divine implicit authority to name military commission mem-
bers from his authority to "conven[e]" them, because, as the
majority admits, a neighboring provision states that the Sec-
retary "shall detail" certain "commissioned offcer[s] of the
armed forces" to serve on military commissions.,
(b); see ante, at 781.
But, even granting the majority's premise that these stat-
utes implicitly confer member-selection authority through
the power to "convene," the statutes are inapposite because
 Cite as: (2025) 815

Thomas, J., dissenting

none involves the appointment of offcers. To return to, "detailing" already commissioned military offcers to
serve on a military tribunal is not an appointment to offce
under the Appointments Clause; it is simply the conferral of
additional related duties on an offcer who has already been
appointed pursuant to the Clause. See Weiss, 510 U. S., at
172 -- 176. That is why the Secretary can delegate detailing
authority to an inferior "offcer or offcial of the United
States," which he could not do if naming commission mem-
bers constituted an appointment. See, 948i(b). The
majority's other examples similarly involve statutes giving
related duties to already commissioned offcers.7
The majority's examples therefore tell us nothing about
whether the term "convene" confers appointment authority
explicitly enough to overcome the constitutional default. Of
course, outside the appointments context, authority to "con-
vene" a group can imply authority to select its members. If

Page Proof Pending Publication
a group does not already exist, and no other provision ad-
dresses how the group's members are named because the
Appointments Clause does not apply, an offcer may be able
to "convene" the group only if he frst names its members.
In that case, the predicate-act canon would justify inferring
naming authority. See Scalia & Garner 192 ("Authorization
of an act also authorizes a necessary predicate act" (boldface
deleted)). But, that canon cannot apply when the Appoint-
ments Clause provides the default rule for naming a group's
members: " `[W]here the means for the exercise of a granted
power are given, no other or different means can be im-
plied.' " Id., at 193. Hence, the majority can produce no
examples where Congress has used "convene" to confer ap-
pointment authority.

7
See, 14906 (providing that a "board of inquiry" be made up
of "offcers" holding "a grade above major or lieutenant commander"); 14
U. S. C. (providing for a "Coast Guard Reserve Policy Board"
made up of active-duty and reserve offcers of the Coast Guard); 33 U. S. C.
(providing for a "personnel board" comprising "offcers... in...
or above" a certain "grade").
816 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

For the same reason, the majority errs in emphasizing
AHRQ's power to convene Task Force members when Con-
gress frst codifed its relationship to the Task Force in 1999.
At that point, the Task Force was a purely advisory, nonoff-
cer body that disbanded upon issuing its recommendations.
See App. 37 -- 38 (noting that the Task Force became a perma-
nent body with staggered appointments in 2001). It may
have been fair then to infer a power to appoint Task Force
members from the power to "convene" them. But, when a
statutory term draws a particular meaning from its context,
that meaning "may change in light of a subsequent enact-
ment" that alters the context. Scalia & Garner 254 -- 255.
So it goes for the Task Force after the ACA: With that 2010
legislation, Congress converted the Task Force into an "inde-
pendent" standing body of offcers with a detailed list of du-
ties and the authority to issue recommendations with the
force of law. See 42 U. S. C. -- 4(a).8 That change

Page Proof Pending Publication
brought the Appointments Clause into the picture, and its
default mode of appointment displaced any appointment
authority that might otherwise have been implicit in the
Director's power to "convene." 9
8
For this reason, the majority is wrong to assert that "the relevant
statutory text did not change in 2010." Ante, at 788. As the majority
recognizes, the meaning of "convene" in -- 4(a)(1) depends on its "con-
text," ante, at 781, and that context changed dramatically with the enact-
ment of the ACA.
9
The intervening passage of the ACA also makes the majority's appeals
to "consistent Executive Branch practice" fall fat. Ante, at 783 ). The
Government concedes that its practice from 2010 until its appeal in this
suit was for the AHRQ Director to appoint Task Force members invalidly,
based on the mistaken view that the members were not offcers. See
Brief for Federal Defendants in Braidwood Mgmt., Inc., No. 23 -- 10326
(CA5), ECF Doc. 159, pp. 31, 41. The practice thus sheds no light
on whether the Director's convening power constitutes an express vesting
of appointment authority that overcomes the constitutional default. And,
surely this Court did not overrule Chevron U. S. A. Inc. v. Natural Re-
 Cite as: (2025) 817

Thomas, J., dissenting

The majority likewise cannot explain why Congress would
vest appointment authority using the term "convene" when
it consistently uses "appoint" in other provisions of the Pub-
lic Health Service Act. Supra, at 808 -- 809. True, the Ap-
pointments Clause does not impose a "magic words" require-
ment to vest appointment authority, ante, at 780, but it is
uncontroversial that "different terms" in a statutory scheme
"usually have different meanings," Pulsifer v. United States,
(2024).
As our precedents have repeatedly recognized, if Congress
generally uses the term "appoint" to vest appointment au-
thority within a particular statutory scheme, we should be
more reluctant to fnd an express vesting of appointment au-
thority in a provision that uses a different term. See Ed-
mond, 520 U. S., at 657; Weiss, 510 U. S., at 171 -- 172; Auff-
mordt, 137 U. S., at 326 -- 327.10
Nor can the majority make sense of why Congress would

Page Proof Pending Publication
choose to vest appointment power in the Director, only so
that it could be transferred to the Secretary. The best ex-
planation the majority can give is that "it is no surprise that
the 1999 statute did not expressly name the Secretary" as

sources Defense Council, Inc., (1984), only to defer to conced-
edly unlawful executive action.
10
As the majority notes, ante, at 781, I have previously found that the
President's power to "direct" an offcial to "perform the functions and du-
ties of " an "offce temporarily" under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act
of 1998 (FVRA) is a vesting of appointment authority. 5 U. S. C.
(2), (3); see NLRB v. SW General, Inc., -- 313
(2017) (concurring opinion). But, there, context made unmistakably clear
that the President's power to "direct" was a power to appoint. Section
3345(a) obviously concerns appointment because the sole subject matter
of the FVRA is the flling of vacant offces. Congress enacted the provi-
sion in a section titled "Federal Vacancies and Appointments.", 112
Stat. 2681 -- 611. And, the provision would be meaningless if it did not
authorize the President to fll an offce. In contrast, -- 4(a)(1) has a
perfectly sensible meaning if the Director's power to convene does not
include the power to appoint. Supra, at 808.
818 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

the Task Force's appointing offcer, because "the Appoint-
ments Clause question arose only in 2010." Ante, at 785.
But, it is a surprise on the majority's view that Congress did
not name the Secretary in 2010 -- when Congress "str[uck]"
out the 1999 version of -- 4(a) and replaced it with a
new and much altered version. 124 Stat. 541 -- 542. Con-
gress even made signifcant changes to the very clause grant-
ing the Director convening authority. Compare 113 Stat.
1659 (" `The Director may periodically convene a Preventive
Services Task Force... ' ") with 124 Stat. 541 (" `The Direc-
tor shall convene an independent Preventive Services Task
Force... ' "). Congress thus made a conscious choice to
keep convening authority with the Director.
Tellingly, the majority struggles to fnd any precedent for
the oblique, two-step theory of vesting that it endorses.
The best analogy it can muster is Hartwell. There, this
Court concluded that Congress had validly vested appoint-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment authority in a department head where the statute al-
lowed an assistant treasurer to name clerks with the "appro-
bation" of the Secretary of the Treasury. 6 Wall., at 393;
see ante, at 786. But, the statute at issue envisioned the
two offcers working together in a coherent way. For con-
venience's sake, the more junior offcer identifed the clerks
to be hired. Then, to satisfy the Appointments Clause, the
Secretary gave his personal approval before the appointment
took effect. Here, on the Government's account, the Direc-
tor has no formal role in the appointment process: The en-
tirety of the Director's power to convene is transferred to
the Secretary, and the Secretary is free to exercise it without
any input from the Director. See ante, at 784. In other
words, according to the Government, when Congress in 2010
provided that "[t]he Director shall convene [the] Task
Force," the statute would have had the same legal effect if
it had said, "the Secretary (and not the Director) shall con-
vene the Task Force." See -- 4(a)(1). A far simpler
 Cite as: (2025) 819

Thomas, J., dissenting

explanation is that Congress did not mean to vest appoint-
ment authority when it granted authority to "convene." 11

b
Even if the majority had the better reading of "convene,"
it would still be fairly possible to read the term to mean
only "to assemble." The canon of constitutional avoidance
therefore forecloses the majority's interpretation.
The majority does not suggest that its reading would pre-
vail if the constitutional-avoidance canon applies. It instead
concludes that there is no constitutional problem to avoid,
because the Reorganization Plan "transfers all authority of
the AHRQ Director to the Secretary." Ante, at 783.
According to the majority, the Reorganization Plan is a
mechanism that siphons away any authority granted to the
AHRQ Director and automatically redirects it upward to the
Secretary. The AHRQ Director may then exercise only
Page Proof Pending Publication
those powers that the Secretary "delegate[s]" to him, ante,
at 785, -- even if a later statute vests those powers with
the AHRQ Director directly. This reallocation of the Direc-
tor's powers guarantees that, no matter how clearly Con-
gress vests the Director with authority, the Director never-
theless remains an empty husk with no powers other than
what the Secretary returns to him. Thus, according to the
majority, when Congress provided that "[t]he Director shall
convene" the Task Force, what it really meant was, again,
11
The majority also seeks support from Edmond v. United States, (1997), another case in which the Department's Secretary "had
not historically appointed" the offcers at issue. Ante, at 793. But, the
statute that the Secretary invoked provided that "[t]he Secretary of
Transportation may appoint... offcers... of the Department of Transpor-
tation," including the Coast Guard judges involved in the case. 49 U. S. C.
; see 520 U. S., at 656. The vesting of appointment authority could
not have been more explicit. There was no need to string together two
ambiguous statutes enacted decades apart to fnd that Congress had de-
parted from the constitutional default.
820 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

that "the Secretary (and not the Director) shall convene"
the Task Force. This reading of the Reorganization Plan is
incorrect. But, even if it were right, it would still leave a
constitutional problem.
The simplest response to the majority is that the Reorga-
nization Plan does not in fact transfer any appointment
power that the AHRQ Director may have, for the reasons I
have explained. See supra, at 810 -- 813. But, even if the
Reorganization Plan vested the Director's convening author-
ity in the Secretary, it would not follow that the Director
automatically loses that authority. It is the norm in the Ex-
ecutive Branch for subordinates and superiors to possess, in
a sense, the same power. By virtue of the Vesting Clause
of Article II, all executive power ultimately belongs to the
President; to the extent other Executive Branch offcials pos-
sess authority, it is only to exercise it "on his behalf." Seila
Law LLC v. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, 591

Page Proof Pending Publication
U. S. 197, 203 -- 204 (2020) (plurality opinion). Congress fre-
quently recreates this structure in miniature within depart-
ments. Several departments, for example, have vesting
clauses conferring all the department's authority on its sec-
retary, while at the same time other provisions confer spe-
cifc powers and duties on inferior offcers within the depart-
ment.12 Thus, even if the Reorganization Plan prospectively
transfers all authority conferred by later enacted statutes on
offcers in the Public Health Service, there is no reason to
think that the Plan meant to depart from the norm of shared
executive power.
The majority's empty-husk theory is also hard to square
with Congress's legislation regarding AHRQ. " `Congress
presumably does not enact useless laws.' " Garland v. Car-
gill, (2024). And, Congress has painstak-
ingly defned the powers and responsibilities of the Agency,
12
See, e. g., 6 U. S. C. (3) (Department of Homeland Security); 22
U. S. C. (3)(A) (Department of State); 28 U. S. C. (Depart-
ment of Justice).
 Cite as: (2025) 821

Thomas, J., dissenting

and its relationship to other entities in HHS, across no fewer
than 33 U. S. Code provisions. See to 299c -- 7. Con-
gress established AHRQ and provided for all its powers
after the Reorganization Plan. Yet, if the majority is right,
there was no need to structure AHRQ in any detail, because
all the powers conferred on the Agency in fact belong to the
Secretary alone.
Not even the majority is willing to follow its interpretation
of the Reorganization Plan to its logical conclusion. Accord-
ing to the majority, the Task Force is a Public Health Service
agency subject to the Reorganization Plan. See ante, at 766,. Yet, the majority describes the Task Force as having
certain duties conferred by statute, see ante, at 755 -- 757, and
then, in its constitutional analysis, discusses at length how
a "collection of statutes" allows the Secretary to exercise
adequate supervision over the performance of those duties,
see ante, at 766 -- 770, 772 -- 779. But, this analysis is all super-
Page Proof Pending Publication
fuous under the majority's interpretation of the Reorganiza-
tion Plan, wherein all the Task Force's nominal powers really
belong to the Secretary, who can exercise them directly or
delegate them to any agency within HHS. On this view,
the Task Force can exercise authority only at the sufferance
of the HHS Secretary.
Even accepting the majority's empty-husk theory, how-
ever, we would still need to apply constitutional avoidance.
If Congress is not utterly irrational, its detailed allocations
of authority to agencies within the Public Health Service in
post-Reorganization Plan statutes must at least carry some
precatory force. In other words, even on the majority's in-
terpretation of the Reorganization Plan, Congress at least
recommended that the AHRQ Director exercise the power
to convene the Task Force. "Congress is a coequal branch
of government whose Members take the same oath we do to
uphold the Constitution of the United States." Rostker v.
Goldberg, (1981). We must therefore pre-
sume that, in all of its "judgments," even precatory ones, it
822 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

means to adhere to the Constitution. Ibid. Thus, even on
the empty-husk view of the Reorganization Plan, we would
still have a duty to avoid reading the power to "convene" as
the power to appoint if fairly possible.
Finally, the majority suggests that, even if Congress has
"vested appointment authority in both the Secretary and the
AHRQ Director," that decision raises no "constitutional con-
cerns so long as the Secretary was the one to actually make
the appointments." Ante, at 792,. Not so. When
choosing between possible readings of a statute, we must
adopt the one that will prevent the statute from being uncon-
stitutional in any respect, even if the statute is constitutional
as applied to the case before us. See Clark v. Martinez,
-- 383 (2005). And, if the power to convene
includes the power to appoint, then -- 4(a)(1) is unconsti-
tutional insofar as it confers authority on the Director.
There is no escaping the canon of constitutional avoidance,

Page Proof Pending Publication
and applying that canon, "convene" clearly cannot mean
"appoint."
2
Even if Congress had vested appointment power in the
Director, the majority is still incorrect to hold that the Reor-
ganization Plan transfers that power to the Secretary.
To begin, the power to appoint the Task Force is not a
"function" of the Director because the appointment of an of-
fcer is not a "function" under the Reorganization Act and
because appointment is not a power the Director validly en-
joys. See supra, at 811 -- 813. The majority disregards
these defects in its reading.
Nor can the majority explain why the Reorganization Plan
extends to later enacted functions. The majority appeals to
the Dictionary Act, ante, at 789, but that Act recognizes that
"the present tense" does not "include the future" where
"context indicates otherwise." 1 U. S. C.. Here, the Re-
organization Act supplies critical contrary context by provid-
ing that a reorganization plan cannot "authoriz[e] an agency
 Cite as: (2025) 823

Thomas, J., dissenting

to exercise a function which is not expressly authorized by
law at the time the plan is transmitted to Congress." 5
U. S. C. (4) (1964 ed., Supp. II).
The majority objects that this provision bars the President
from acting, not Congress. Ante, at 789 -- 790. But, while
Congress is welcome to confer new powers on the Secretary
whenever it likes, it chose in 42 U. S. C. -- 4(a)(1) to con-
fer authority on the Director. The Reorganization Plan can-
not alter that allocation of authority unless the President vio-
lated (4) by issuing a plan that applies to future
enactments.13
The majority's concern appears to be that applying
(4) as written would produce "untenable -- bordering
on absurd -- results" by giving the Secretary no control over
post-1966 functions of the Public Health Service. Ante, at
790. That concern is misplaced. As Congress has enacted
new functions for the Public Health Service, it has conferred

Page Proof Pending Publication
new grants of supervisory authority to go with them. When
Congress established AHRQ, for instance, it provided that
"[t]he Secretary shall carry out this subchapter acting
through the Director," thereby giving the Secretary control
13
The majority seeks support from an Offce of Legal Counsel memoran-
dum authored by the future Chief Justice Rehnquist. Ante, at 789 -- 790.
But, that memorandum merely cautions against an unduly strict reading
of the phrase " `expressly authorized by law.' " Rehnquist Memorandum
29. It says nothing about the temporal limit imposed by 5 U. S. C.
(4). The majority also cites 1966 congressional testimony by the
then Secretary stating that the Reorganization Plan would give him "the
`fexibility' `to reorganize' the Service" both in 1966 "and `at any future
time.' " Ante, at 790 -- 791. This "legislative history is not the law."
Epic Systems Corp. v. Lewis, (2018). And, in any event,
the Secretary never testifed that the Reorganization Plan would override
future statutes creating agencies within the Public Health Service or vest-
ing authority in offcers of the Public Health Service. Nor would applying
(4) as written prevent the Secretary from restructuring the powers
conferred on him by the Plan at any future time. It would prevent him
only from claiming that later conferred powers fall within the scope of
the Plan.
824 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

over all of AHRQ's functions. 42 U. S. C.. Con-
gress has also generally provided that "[t]he Public Health
Service... shall be administered by the Assistant Secretary
for Health under the supervision and direction of the Secre-
tary.". Any new enactment concerning the Public
Health Service will therefore fall within the Secretary's pur-
view, without any need to rely on the Reorganization Plan.
The real absurdity is to hold, as the majority does, that Con-
gress can establish an entire agency and set out its functions
in minute detail only for the Reorganization Plan to automat-
ically deprive the agency of those functions. See ante, at 784.
The majority also cannot brush aside the problem that a
presidentially issued reorganization plan is not a "law" that
can confer appointment power. The majority claims that
point is "irrelevant" because Congress made the Plan a law
when it ratifed the Plan in 1984. Ante, at 788. But, the
1984 Act simply "ratife[d] and affrm[ed]" the Plan as it then
Page Proof Pending Publication
existed. 98 Stat. 2705. It did not purport to expand the
"functions" transferred by the Plan. And, we must presume
that the Plan, when issued, was consistent with both the Re-
organization Act and the Constitution. Thus, any reading
that, like the majority's, would have unnecessarily placed the
Plan in confict with either of those authorities must be
rejected.
Finally, the majority mistakenly contends that constitu-
tional avoidance supports its reading of the Reorganization
Plan. Ante, at 792 -- 793. An essential premise of the major-
ity's argument is that Congress has unconstitutionally vested
appointment power in (or, at a minimum, has encouraged the
Secretary to unconstitutionally delegate appointment power
to) the AHRQ Director. Supra, at 809, 821. Reading the
Reorganization Plan to transfer appointment power does not
make that defect disappear. It only creates new constitu-
tional problems -- namely, by authorizing the Secretary to
delegate appointment authority to other offcers in HHS and
by implying that the Reorganization Act authorized the
 Cite as: (2025) 825

Thomas, J., dissenting

President to vest the appointment of offcers. Supra, at 813.
The only approach that genuinely avoids a constitutional
problem is the one that the majority refuses to entertain:
reading the Director's convening power not to encompass the
power to appoint.
IV
The majority's erroneous statutory holding may save the
Secretary's midappeal claim of authority, but it makes hash
of Congress's design. Congress established the Task Force
to be an independent agency that answers directly to the
President. By misinterpreting the statute, the Court recon-
fgures the Task Force to be subordinate to the Secretary
of HHS.
Because the majority concludes that Congress has vested
the appointment power for the Task Force in the Secretary,
it must also consider whether the Task Force's members are

Page Proof Pending Publication
principal or inferior offcers under the Appointments Clause.
The majority holds that they are inferior because (1) the Sec-
retary can remove Task Force members at will, and (2) the
Secretary can directly review and block the Task Force's rec-
ommendations. Ante, at 762. But, the majority's statutory
error infects its reasoning on both points.
As I have noted, the power to remove follows the power
to appoint. Supra, at 802. The majority's sole basis for
fnding that the Secretary can remove Task Force members
is its erroneous statutory holding. See ante, at 763 -- 764.
The majority's threshold error likewise leads it to read in
a power of direct supervision that would not otherwise exist.
Because, on the majority's view, the Task Force's constitu-
tionality turns on whether it is subordinate to the Secretary,
it must fnd that the Secretary has control over the Task
Force if it fairly can. See supra, at 802. But, viewing the
question as one of pure statutory interpretation, it is clear
that Congress did not mean for the Secretary to exercise
control over the Task Force's recommendations.
826 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

The majority relies on 42 U. S. C. and the Reorgani-
zation Plan to fnd that the Secretary has "general supervi-
sory authority" over the Task Force (although, again, there
would be no reason to discuss any other statute if the major-
ity took seriously its own interpretation of the Reorganiza-
tion Plan). Ante, at 766. The former provides that the
Public Health Service "shall be administered... under the
supervision and direction of the Secretary,", and the
latter that the Secretary may perform "all functions of the
Public Health Service," Reorganization Plan. A key
premise of the majority's analysis is thus that the Task Force
is part of the Public Health Service.
By statute, the Public Health Service "shall consist of "
AHRQ and four other agencies not relevant here. 42
U. S. C.. Thus, the only way to conclude that the Task
Force is part of the Public Health Service is to fnd that it is
part of AHRQ. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 33 -- 34.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The Task Force is not part of AHRQ. Section 299b -- 
4(a)(1) provides that the AHRQ Director shall convene an
"independent Preventive Services Task Force." (Emphasis
added.) When modifying a federal agency, the term "inde-
pendent" often means "not part of and... therefore inde-
pendent of any other unit of the Federal Government." Col-
lins v. Yellen, (2021); see, e. g., Harrow v.
Department of Defense, (2024); Federal
Election Comm'n v. Beaumont, (2003); J.
Selin & D. Lewis, Administrative Conference of the United
States, Sourcebook of United States Executive Agencies 17 -- 
18 (2d ed. 2018). That subsection (a)(1) uses "independent"
in this sense is clear from its contrast with subsection (b)(1),
which "establishe[s] within the Agency [i. e., AHRQ] a Cen-
ter for Primary Care Research." (Emphasis added.) Fur-
ther, subsection (a)(3), entitled "Role of Agency," provides
that "[t]he Agency shall provide ongoing administrative, re-
search, and technical support for the operations of the Task
 Cite as: (2025) 827

Thomas, J., dissenting

Force." If the Task Force were part of AHRQ, presumably
all of subsection (a), and not simply subsection (a)(3), would
describe the Agency's role. And, it is awkward to refer to
an agency as "provid[ing] support for" a part of itself. Fi-
nally, subsection (a)(6) provides that the members of the
Task Force and their recommendations "shall be independent
and, to the extent practicable, not subject to political pres-
sure." This language implies that the Task Force is not sub-
ject to supervision beyond the supervisory authority that the
President holds over all executive offcers under Article II.
It is not diffcult to see why Congress might have wanted
to make the Task Force independent of the HHS Secretary.
Congress presumably thought that the "individuals with ap-
propriate expertise" who serve on the Task Force would be
better positioned than the Secretary to determine "the effec-
tiveness, appropriateness, and cost-effectiveness of clinical
preventive services" by the standards of "scientifc evi-

Page Proof Pending Publication
dence." -- 4(a)(1). Congress's choice to make the Task
Force answer directly to the President thus likely refects an
important policy judgment.
Before adopting its new theory on appeal, the Government
had consistently understood the Task Force to be independ-
ent of AHRQ and HHS. Task Force recommendations,
which are published by AHRQ, contain the disclaimer that
the Task Force's views are not "an offcial position of AHRQ
or the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services."
U. S. Preventive Services Task Force, The Guide to Clinical
Preventive Services (2014). AHRQ's website explains that,
"[w]hile AHRQ staff supports the Task Force,... the Task
Force is an independent body, and its work does not require
AHRQ or HHS approval." 14 And, in this very suit, the
Government initially asserted that the Task Force "is not
part of " AHRQ, and characterized the Task Force as "an
14
U. S. Preventive Services Task Force (Sept. 2024), https://www.ahrq.
gov/cpi/about/otherwebsites/uspstf/index.html.
828 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

independent body of medical experts" acting "independently
for [its] own purposes." ECF Doc. 64, at 51 -- 52, and.
The majority maintains that the Task Force is part of the
Public Health Service because it is " `convened' " and " `sup-
ported by the Public Health Service.' " Ante, at 768,.
Congress has told us, however, that the Task Force is part
of the Public Health Service only if it is part of AHRQ. See
42 U. S. C.. That " `explicit defnition' " must " `con-
trol' " our analysis. Burgess v. United States, -- 130 (2008). Neither consideration that the majority
raises speaks to the dispositive issue whether the Task Force
is part of AHRQ.15 Perhaps the analysis would be different
if the only alternative were to deem the Task Force unconsti-
tutionally structured. But, looking simply to the best mean-
ing of the language Congress enacted, it is clear that the
Task Force is not part of AHRQ or the Public Health Service

Page
15
Proof
The majority Pending
also claims Publication
that the Task Force is part of the Public
Health Service because the Public Health Service " `select[s]' " and " `su-
pervise[s]' " it. Ante, at 768,. Both assertions are false. First, as I
have explained, no statute vests the appointment of the Task Force's mem-
bers in the Secretary or any other offcer of the Public Health Service.
The majority's reliance on this supposed fact further underscores that its
threshold statutory error infects its supervision analysis. Second, it begs
the question to argue that the Task Force is part of the Public Health
Service because the Public Health Service supervises it. We cannot know
whether the Public Health Service has legal authority to supervise the
Task Force unless we frst determine that the Task Force is part of the
Public Health Service. See 42 U. S. C. ; Reorganization Plan.
And, as a matter of historical fact, from 2010 until the start of this suit,
the Public Health Service has not purported to supervise the Task Force.
See supra, at 827 and this page.
The majority further errs in claiming that the challengers concede that
the Task Force is part of the Public Health Service. Ante, at 768,.
The challengers concede only that the Task Force was "an advisory com-
mittee within the Public Health Service" when it "was frst created in
1984." Supp. Brief for Respondents 1. They maintain that the ACA ele-
vated the Task Force to the status of "an independent agency." Brief for
Respondents 53.
 Cite as: (2025) 829

Thomas, J., dissenting

more broadly, and thus that it is not subject to meaningful
supervision by the Secretary.16
The majority protests that we should not lightly conclude
that Congress created a "powerful independent agency" with
"unchecked power in making preventive-services recommen-
dations of great consequence" for the public. Ante, at 778.
This rhetoric is entirely out of place. Even if the Task Force
is independent of the Secretary, it is still subordinate to the
President, which is all that matters from a constitutional
standpoint. The President can remove Task Force members
at will. Myers v. United States, -- 164 (1926).
And, the Vesting Clause may also empower the President
to "issue binding orders" to the Task Force and "nullify"
its decisions. S. Calabresi & S. Prakash, The President's
Power To Execute the Laws, 104 Yale L. J. 541, 584, 596
(1994). Nor need an agency be especially "powerful," ante,
at 778, to be independent. The Railroad Retirement Board,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Peace Corps, and Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation
Board, for example, are all independent agencies despite hav-
ing relatively narrow authority. See 22 U. S. C. ; 42
U. S. C. (6); 45 U. S. C..
Even more curiously, the majority professes reluctance to
fnd that an agency is independent absent language "explic-

16
The majority also invokes 42 U. S. C. -- 13 and 300gg -- 92. The
former provision requires the Secretary to impose a minimum interval of
at least one year before the Task Force's recommendations become legally
binding. -- 13(b). The latter provision gives the Secretary author-
ity to issue regulations "to carry out the provisions of th[e] subchapter"
containing -- 13. The majority concludes that these provisions -- 
when combined with the Secretary's purported power to remove the Task
Force's members and to supervise them under and the Reorganiza-
tion Plan -- empower him to control the content of the Task Force's recom-
mendations. Ante, at 764 -- 765, 767. Without those additional sources of
supervisory power, -- 13 and 300gg -- 92 are best read to give the
Secretary power to determine only when insurers can be expected to come
into compliance with the Task Force's recommendations, not to control the
substance of those recommendations.
830 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Thomas, J., dissenting

itly conferring for-cause removal protection on the agency's
leadership" and "an express statement that those agency
heads shall be nominated by the President and confrmed by
the Senate." Ante, at 778. It is unconstitutional for any
agency head wielding "signifcant executive power" to be re-
movable only for cause. Seila Law, 591 U. S., at 220; accord,
Trump v. Wilcox, 605 U. S. -- -- -- (2025). But, Congress is free
to create independent agencies subject to Presidential con-
trol if it wishes. We therefore have no business saying that
we will not recognize an agency as independent unless Con-
gress also tacks on removal restrictions. In fact, "Congress
has described many agencies as `independent' without impos-
ing any restriction on the President's power to remove the
agency's leadership." Collins, 494 U. S., at 249 (collecting
examples). Likewise, to presume appointment by a depart-
ment head absent explicit statutory language to the contrary
inverts the default mode of appointment established by the

Page Proof Pending Publication
Appointments Clause.
In sum, Congress enacted a constitutional, independent
Task Force subject to the President's control but not to the
control of the Secretary of HHS. To save the Task Force
from its threshold error, the majority alters Congress's legit-
imate design.
* * *
Under our Constitution, appointment by the President
with Senate confrmation is the rule. Appointment by a de-
partment head is an exception that Congress must con-
sciously choose to adopt. The Framers established this rule
to ensure that the President is accountable for the selection
of offcers in the Executive Branch. And, it is the law,
whether we agree with it or not. Had the Court taken seri-
ously this rule, it would not have rushed to rule on the Gov-
ernment's new theory, much less adopted it. I respectfully
dissent.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of

Page Proof Pending Publication
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH delivered the opinion of the Court.
Under the Mandatory Victims Restitution Act of 1996,
defendants convicted of certain federal crimes must pay
monetary restitution to the victims. That Act, known as the
MVRA, became law on April 24, 1996. Petitioner
Ellingburg was sentenced later in 1996 and ordered to pay
restitution in the amount of $7,567.25. He has not yet
satisfied that obligation.
Ellingburg has now raised an Ex Post Facto Clause
challenge to his continued restitution obligation because he
committed his crime before the enactment of the MVRA.
The Ex Post Facto Clause issue turns in part on the
threshold question of whether restitution under the MVRA
is criminal punishment. Applying Circuit precedent, the
U. S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit concluded that
restitution under the MVRA is not criminal punishment.
113 F. 4th 839, 841 -- 842 (2024). We now reverse.
In this Court, Ellingburg and the United States agree
that the Eighth Circuit erred and that MVRA restitution is
criminal punishment. The Court therefore appointed John
F. Bash as amicus curiae to defend the judgment of the
2 ELLINGBURG v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Eighth Circuit. (2025). He has ably
discharged his responsibilities.
When determining whether a law violates the Ex Post
Facto Clause, the Court must evaluate whether the law
imposes a criminal or penal sanction as opposed to a civil
remedy. Assessing whether "a statutory scheme is civil or
criminal is first of all a question of statutory construction"
that requires the Court to "consider the statute's text and
its structure." Smith v. Doe, (2003)
(quotation marks omitted).1
Here, the statutory analysis is straightforward:
Restitution under the MVRA is plainly criminal
punishment for purposes of the Ex Post Facto Clause.2
Numerous features of the MVRA lead to that conclusion.
The MVRA labels restitution as a "penalty" for a criminal
"offense." 18 U. S. C. (1). A court may order
restitution only with respect to a criminal "defendant" and
only after that defendant's conviction of a qualifying crime.
Ibid. Restitution is imposed during "sentencing" for the
offense. Ibid. At the sentencing proceeding where
restitution is ordered, the Government, not the victim, is
the party adverse to the defendant.
At sentencing, restitution is imposed together with other
criminal punishments such as imprisonment and fines.
Indeed, for misdemeanors, restitution may be "in lieu of "
those punishments, making restitution the sole
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 If the text and structure of a statute do not demonstrate that

Congress intended criminal punishment, the statute may still be deemed
criminal or penal if the "party challenging the statute provides 'the
clearest proof' that 'the statutory scheme [is] so punitive either in
purpose or effect as to negate [the Government's] intention' to deem it
'civil.' " Kansas v. Hendricks, (1997) ).
2 Amicus contends that Ellingburg's restitution was not imposed under

the MVRA even though Ellingburg was sentenced after the MVRA took
effect in 1996. But the Eighth Circuit decided this case on the
understanding that the MVRA was applied to Ellingburg.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

punishment for a federal offense in certain circumstances.
Ibid. In addition, when a defendant does not make the
required restitution payments, the court may modify the
terms of his supervised release or probation and impose
imprisonment if the court determines that "alternatives to
imprisonment are not adequate to serve the purposes of
punishment and deterrence." (2), 3613A(a)(1).
As a further sign that MVRA restitution is criminal
punishment, the federal MVRA restitution regime is
codified in Title 18, "Crimes and Criminal Procedure." The
main statutory provisions authorizing restitution orders,
and, are contained in Chapter 232 of Title 18,
entitled "Miscellaneous Sentencing Provisions." Another
statutory provision, states that a court "shall order
restitution" in "imposing a sentence" for covered offenses.
That provision is housed in Chapter 227 of Title 18, entitled
"Sentences." The statute also refers to a "sentence that
imposes an order of restitution.". When imposing
restitution, a district court must follow the procedures
applicable to other criminal penalties, including the
Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. See. And
directs the U. S. Sentencing Commission to
promulgate criminal sentencing guidelines for restitution., 110 Stat. 1240; (7).
When viewed as a whole, then, the MVRA makes
abundantly clear that restitution is criminal punishment.
We are not saying that all of the statutory features present
here are necessary to constitute criminal punishment, but
they are sufficient.
Given the statutory text and structure, it comes as no
surprise that this Court's precedents have understood
restitution under the MVRA to be criminal punishment. In
Manrique v. United States, the Court stated that the MVRA
requires courts "to impose restitution as part of the
sentence." (2017). In Pasquantino v.
United States, the Court explained that restitution under
4 ELLINGBURG v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

the MVRA is designed "to mete out appropriate criminal
punishment." (2005). And in Paroline v.
United States, the Court repeated that description. (2014).
This Court's precedents on related issues further buttress
the conclusion that MVRA restitution is criminal
punishment. For example, forfeiture under 18 U. S. C.
(1) -- like restitution under the MVRA -- occurs at the
culmination of a criminal proceeding and requires
conviction of an underlying crime. That forfeiture, the
Court concluded, is criminal punishment. See United
States v. Bajakajian, (1998). By contrast,
the Court determined that the forfeiture of firearms under
18 U. S. C. ordered during an in rem proceeding is
a civil sanction. United States v. One Assortment of 89
Firearms, -- 366 (1984).
As the Government cautions, not everything that occurs
at criminal sentencing or even that appears in a criminal
judgment may necessarily be part of the punishment. See
Tr. of Oral Arg. 22 -- 23. But we need not explore that point
further here because, for the reasons we have explained,
MVRA restitution is criminal punishment.
Amicus relies heavily on Smith v. Doe,.
There, this Court considered a law requiring a defendant
convicted of certain crimes to register as a sex offender. The
Court held that the registration mandate was civil. The
legislature adopted "distinctly civil procedures" for the
imposition of registration requirements. Id., at 96
(quotation marks omitted). By contrast, to reiterate what
we said above, MVRA restitution is labeled as a penalty, is
codified in the criminal code, is predicated on a criminal
conviction, is imposed against a criminal defendant, is
sometimes imposed in lieu of other penalties, is ordered at
sentencing where the United States is the adverse party,
and can result in resentencing when the defendant refuses
to pay. So Smith v. Doe does not control.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

It is true, as amicus thoroughly explains, that the MVRA
seeks to compensate crime victims, a nonpunitive goal.
Several provisions of the MVRA reflect that objective, such
as a provision requiring that restitution amounts be based
on a victim's loss. (1)(A); see also, e.g.,.
But those provisions show only that Congress intended
restitution under the MVRA to both punish and
compensate. And so long as the text and structure of the
Act demonstrate that Congress intended at least "to impose
punishment," that "ends the inquiry." Smith, 538 U. S., at
92; see Paroline, 572 U. S., at 456; Pasquantino, 544 U. S.,
at 365.
To be sure, as amicus points out, victims receive notice of
sentencing proceedings and are consulted by prosecutors.
But outreach to victims and some participation by victims
in criminal proceedings are not unusual. See, e.g.,.
With respect to restitution, the key point is that victims do
not have the power to initiate or settle the restitution
process as they would if it were a civil proceeding.
Our ruling today does not mean that a restitution statute
can never be civil. But the statutory text and structure of
the MVRA demonstrate that restitution under that Act is
criminal punishment.
For those reasons, we reverse the judgment of the U. S.
Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit and remand the
case for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.
On remand, the Court of Appeals may consider the
Government's separate arguments for affirmance of the
District Court's judgment.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 482
_________________

HOLSEY ELLINGBURG, JR., PETITIONER
v. UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE EIGHTH CIRCUIT
[January 20, 2026]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full because it correctly ap-
plies our precedent. I write separately to clarify the foun-
dation of that precedent. This Court's 1798 decision in Cal-
der v. Bull, 3 Dall. 386, established that the Ex Post Facto
Clauses forbid only those retroactive laws that impose
"punishment" for a "crime." Id., at 386, 389 -- 391 (opinion of
Chase, J.). Over the 228 years since Calder, the Court has
struggled to articulate what it means for a law to impose
punishment for a crime, and thus to be subject to the Ex
Post Facto Clauses. The Court's more recent precedents
have implemented Calder through two multifactor tests
that turn largely on whether the legislature labels the law
as criminal or civil. But in 1798, "punishment" for a "crime"
would have been understood to refer to any coercive penalty
for a public wrong. Many laws that are nominally civil to-
day would therefore have been subject to the Ex Post Facto
Clauses under Calder. I would restore Calder's approach to
the Ex Post Facto Clauses.
I
The Constitution twice prohibits ex post facto laws. As to
the Federal Government, it provides that "No Bill of Attain-
der or ex post facto Law shall be passed." Art. I, cl. 3.
2 ELLINGBURG v. UNITED STATES

THOMAS, J., concurring

As to the States, it provides that "No State shall... pass
any Bill of Attainder, ex post facto Law, or Law impairing
the Obligation of Contracts." Art. I, cl. 1. In its general
sense, a law is ex post facto -- meaning "after the fact" -- 
when it applies retroactively to conduct that occurred be-
fore the law was enacted.
The two Ex Post Facto Clauses reflected the importance
of the protection to the Founding Fathers. James Iredell
believed that the protection against ex post facto laws was
"the most essential right of all," which was worth "ten thou-
sand declarations of rights" without it. Answers to Mr. Ma-
son's Objections to the New Constitution, in Pamphlets on
the Constitution of the United States 334, 368 (P. Ford ed.
1888) (reprint 1968). "A man may feel some pride in his
security," Iredell wrote, "when he knows that what he does
innocently and safely to-day in accordance with the laws of
his country, cannot be tortured into guilt and danger to-
morrow." Ibid. In the Federalist Papers, Alexander Ham-
ilton placed "the prohibition of ex post facto laws" among the
greatest "securities to liberty and republicanism." The Fed-
eralist No. 84, p. 571 (P. Ford ed. 1898). James Madison
argued that ex post facto laws are "contrary to the first prin-
ciples of the social compact." Id., No. 44, at 296.
Ex post facto laws lack legitimacy because laws must pre-
cede the actions that they govern. Laws regulating actions
after the fact "deprive citizens of notice and fair warning
and are, therefore, an affront to man's 'reason and
freewill.' " Peugh v. United States, (2013)
(THOMAS, J., dissenting) (Blackstone)).
As Blackstone explained, "it is impossible that the party
could foresee" that his actions would become unlawful if
they were lawful when he took them. Id., at 46. When a
man had no notice that his actions were unlawful, "all pun-
ishment for not abstaining must of consequence be cruel
and unjust." Ibid. An ex post facto law is even "more
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

THOMAS, J., concurring

unreasonable," Blackstone thought, than the reviled prac-
tice of the Roman emperor "Caligula, who... wrote his laws
in a very small character, and hung them up upon high pil-
lars, the more effectually to ensnare the people." Ibid.
Many believed that no constitutional prohibition was nec-
essary because an ex post facto law would be invalid as con-
trary to natural law. At the Constitutional Convention, Ol-
iver Ellsworth argued that "[i]t cannot... be necessary to
prohibit" ex post facto laws because "no lawyer, no civilian... would not say that ex post facto laws were void of them-
selves." 2 M. Farrand, Records of the Federal Convention
of 1787, p. 376 (1966) (Farrand). James Wilson thought
that a constitutional prohibition on ex post facto laws would
suggest that the Convention denied that such laws were al-
ready forbidden by natural law, to its embarrassment. "It
will bring reflexions on the Constitution -- and proclaim
that we are ignorant of the first principles of Legislation."
Ibid. In fact, "[a]ll the delegates who spoke explicitly or im-
plicitly regarded an ex post facto law as a violation of natu-
ral law, and most of them therefore thought it unnecessary
to include such a basic natural law principle in the written
constitution." S. Sherry, The Founders' Unwritten Consti-
tution, 54 U. Chi. L. Rev. 1127, 1157 (1987). The Conven-
tion nonetheless adopted the Ex Post Facto Clauses after it
was urged that "the Judges can take hold of " them if a leg-
islature ever enacts such a law. 2 Farrand 376 (William-
son).
II
The lodestar of this Court's ex post facto jurisprudence is
Calder v. Bull, which established that the Ex Post Facto
Clauses apply only to laws that impose "punishment" for
"crime[s]." 3 Dall., at 389 -- 391. Calder -- and especially Jus-
tice Chase's lead seriatim opinion -- has since provided the
definitive gloss on the Ex Post Facto Clauses. Justice
Chase's definition of "ex post facto laws" continues to
4 ELLINGBURG v. UNITED STATES

THOMAS, J., concurring

"provid[e] an authoritative account of the scope of the Ex
Post Facto Clause." Stogner v. California, (2003); accord, e.g., Peugh, 569 U. S., at 532 -- 533. This
Court's modern precedents, including today's opinion, de-
cide whether a law is subject to the Ex Post Facto Clauses
based on whether it satisfies Calder's requirement that it
be "criminal or penal." Weaver v. Graham, 
(1981); see also ante, at 2. But this Court's implementation
of Calder seems to have lost sight of how Calder would have
been understood when it was decided.
Calder concerned a state legislature's intervention in a
traditional private-law dispute. The case arose out of the
probate proceedings for the estate of a Connecticut man
named Normand Morison. In 1779, Morison wrote a will
leaving his property to his wife Abigail and her heirs. See
8 The Documentary History of the Supreme Court of the
United States, 1789 -- 1800, p. 89 (M. Marcus ed. 2007). Soon
after Morison wrote his will, he and Abigail had a son. Ibid.
When the son was young, Morison died. Ibid. Abigail
started the probate process so that she could inherit Mori-
son's property as his will promised. Ibid. But the probate
judge held up the process because he wanted to check
whether the birth of their son affected the will's validity.
Ibid. At the time, Abigail did not mind the delay because
the default intestacy rules would have given the property
to her and her son anyway. Id., at 89 -- 90.
But later events jeopardized Abigail's right to inherit Mo-
rison's property. First, Connecticut changed the default in-
testacy rules so that, absent a valid will, property like Mo-
rison's would pass to his nearest blood relative, not to a
surviving spouse like Abigail. Id., at 90, and. Second,
the probate court, without telling Abigail, disapproved Mo-
rison's original will. Id., at 90. And third, a few years later,
Abigail and Morison's son died. Ibid. After her son died,
Abigail and her new husband Caleb Bull returned to pro-
bate court. Ibid. The Bulls were surprised to learn that the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

THOMAS, J., concurring

probate court had disapproved Morison's will years earlier
without telling Abigail -- apparently on the theory that he
would have wanted to change it after his son was born.
Ibid. And, since Connecticut had enacted new default in-
testacy rules in the meantime, the absence of a valid will
meant that Morison's estate would pass on to his blood rel-
atives rather than to Abigail. Ibid. Morison's blood rela-
tives, the Calders, were suddenly the lawful heirs of his
property. Id., at 90 -- 91.
Abigail and Caleb Bull petitioned the Connecticut Legis-
lature for relief. They convinced the legislature that Mori-
son did not intend to revoke his will after his son died, so
the legislature issued a decree in 1795 granting them a re-
hearing on the validity of Morison's original will. Id., at 91.
The legislature's 1795 decree effectively vacated the origi-
nal probate-court decision deeming the will void and
granted a new hearing at which the probate court could ad-
judicate the will's validity. Id., at 91, 107. The probate
court held a new hearing pursuant to the decree and con-
cluded that Morison's original will was valid after all. Id.,
at 91. Having now lost in probate court, the Calders ap-
pealed this new decision and challenged the legislature's
decree that had granted the Bulls a new hearing. Id., at
91 -- 92. The Calders argued, eventually to this Court, that
the legislature's decree was an unconstitutional ex post
facto law because it retroactively voided the probate court's
original decision, which caused them to lose an inheritance
that would otherwise have been theirs. Id., at 92.
In Calder v. Bull, this Court gave two reasons why the
legislature's decree granting a new trial did not violate the
State Ex Post Facto Clause. See Art. I, cl. 1. The first
reason was that the legislature's decree operated on a legal
decision by a court, not a past action by the Calders. There
was nothing that the parties had done in the past that was
"in any manner affected by the law or resolution of Connect-
icut." 3 Dall., at 392 (opinion of Chase, J.). "It does not
6 ELLINGBURG v. UNITED STATES

THOMAS, J., concurring

concern, or relate to, any act done by them." Ibid. Instead,
the decree effectively vacated a probate decision and gave
the court an opportunity to correct its decision, just like ap-
pellate courts do every day. Ibid. The new hearing, after
all, was conducted under the same substantive laws as were
in force at the original hearing. In fact, the Justices seemed
to believe that the Connecticut Legislature's "resolution or
law," id., at 387, was not a legislative but a judicial act, con-
sistent with state legislatures' traditional judicial power to
review state-court decisions -- and thus could not be an ex
post facto "law" at all. See id., at 395 -- 396 (opinion of Pat-
erson, J.) ("[W]e may, in the present instance, consider the
Legislature of the State, as having acted in their customary
judicial capacity"); id., at 398 (opinion of Iredell, J.) ("an ex-
ercise of judicial, not of legislative, authority"); id., at 400
(opinion of Cushing, J.) ("If the act is a judicial act, it is not
touched by the Federal Constitution").
The more lasting legacy of Calder, however, was its sec-
ond reason. Three of the four seriatim opinions in Calder
limited the Ex Post Facto Clauses to laws imposing criminal
punishment. On their view, the Clauses did not forbid
other kinds of retroactive laws. Justice Chase, in what has
proved to be the most influential opinion, gave a compre-
hensive account of the scope of the Ex Post Facto Clauses.
He understood the Clauses to be limited to retroactive laws
imposing criminal punishment. He explained that the
Ex Post Facto Clauses covered only those laws that "create"
a "crime," "aggravate" a crime, "encrease the punishment"
for a crime, or "change the rules of evidence, for the purpose
of conviction." Id., at 391.
Justice Chase's account implied that the Clauses did not
apply to other kinds of retroactive laws. First, on his view,
the Clauses did not touch private law. Justice Chase did
"not think" that the Ex Post Facto Clause "was inserted to
Secure the citizen in his private rights, of either property, or
contracts." Id., at 390. Accordingly, the Clauses would not
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

THOMAS, J., concurring

prohibit a law that retroactively paused a debtor's obliga-
tions to a creditor or voided a contract. Such laws, in Jus-
tice Chase's view, were governed by separate constitutional
prohibitions on impairing the obligations of contracts and
making anything but gold or silver a tender in payments of
debts. Ibid.; see Art. I, cl. 1. Second, because the
Clauses were meant as protections against the government,
they did not apply to laws that retroactively made a law
more lenient. They would not, for example, forbid a law
that retroactively "mollifies the rigor of the criminal law."
Calder, 3 Dall., at 391 (opinion of Chase, J.).
The other two seriatim opinions in Calder that addressed
the question agreed. Justice Paterson explained that "the
meaning, annexed to the terms ex post facto laws, unques-
tionably refers to crimes, and nothing else." Id., at 396.
Justice Iredell -- an adamant proponent of the Ex Post Facto
Clauses, see supra, at 2 -- likewise thought that they did not
"extend to civil cases, to cases that merely affect the private
property of citizens." Calder, 3 Dall., at 400. Instead, the
Clauses applied only to laws that retroactively "inflict a
punishment" for an "offence." Ibid.
Some, myself included, have questioned whether Calder
was right to limit the Ex Post Facto Clauses to laws impos-
ing criminal punishment. See, e.g., Satterlee v. Matthew-
son, 2 Pet. 380, 416, and n. (a) (1829) (opinion of Johnson,
J.) (arguing that the Ex Post Facto Clauses protect more);
O. Field, Ex Post Facto in the Constitution, 20 Mich. L. Rev.
315, 331 (1922) ("[T]here have been reputable authorities,
both past and present, who incline to the view that the ex
post facto provisions of the Constitution prohibited civil as
well as criminal legislation"); Eastern Enterprises v. Apfel,
-- 539 (1998) (THOMAS, J., concurring).
Others have defended Calder's limitation. See, e.g., R.
Natelson, Statutory Retroactivity: The Founders' View, 39
Idaho L. Rev. 489, 493 -- 494 (2003); C. Nelson, Originalism
and Interpretive Conventions, 70 U. Chi. L. Rev. 519, 578 -- 
8 ELLINGBURG v. UNITED STATES

THOMAS, J., concurring

582 (2003). But often lost in that debate has been the ques-
tion of what Calder meant when it limited the Clauses to
laws imposing criminal punishment.
III
This Court's recent precedents have attempted to imple-
ment Calder's limitation of the Clauses to criminal punish-
ment. But, in doing so, they have adopted a framework that
turns largely on legislative labeling, has little basis in his-
tory, and is unnecessarily convoluted.
A
The modern precedents follow Calder's limitation of the
Ex Post Facto Clauses to laws that impose criminal punish-
ment. Based on "Justice Chase's now familiar opinion in
Calder," this Court has repeatedly held that the Clauses
apply exclusively to laws that "retroactively alter the defi-
nition of crimes or increase the punishment for criminal
acts," but not to other kinds of retroactive laws. Collins v.
Youngblood, -- 43 (1990); see also, e.g., Kan-
sas v. Hendricks, (1997); Smith v. Doe,
(2003).
But in defining criminal punishment -- and thus the scope
of Calder's limitation -- the Court's modern framework ap-
plies two multifactor tests developed in the 20th century.
The first multifactor test asks whether the legislature "in-
tended" the law to be viewed as criminal or penal. Smith,
538 U. S., at 92 -- 93; see also ante, at 2,. Under this test,
a law is subject to the Ex Post Facto Clauses "[i]f the inten-
tion of the legislature was to impose punishment." Smith,
538 U. S., at 92. But if "the intention was to enact a regu-
latory scheme that is civil and nonpunitive," then a law is
presumptively not subject to the Ex Post Facto Clauses.
Ibid. This test has included up to five factors, most of which
allow a legislature to avoid the Clauses through labeling or
semantics. Those five factors are whether the legislature
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

THOMAS, J., concurring

had a " 'preference' " for " 'one label or the other,' " id., at 93
);
whether the "codification" was in the criminal or civil code,
Smith, 538 U. S., at 94; whether legislative history or simi-
lar indicators suggested nonpunitive goals, United States v.
One Assortment of 89 Firearms, (1984);
whether the legislature provided traditional "safeguards
associated with the criminal process," Smith, 538 U. S., at
96; and whether the legislature gave enforcement power to
an agency with power to enforce civil laws, ibid.
The second multifactor test, which applies only if the law
survives the first test, asks whether the law's other features
render it criminal or penal. See id., at 92. Under this sec-
ond test, a law is subject to the Ex Post Facto Clauses if it
is "so punitive either in purpose or effect as to negate [the
legislature's] intention to deem it civil." Ibid. (internal quo-
tation marks omitted). The Court has at times said that
this second test is a function of up to seven factors: whether
the law involves an affirmative disability or restraint, im-
poses what has historically been regarded as a punishment,
requires a finding of scienter, promotes the traditional aims
of punishment, applies to behavior which is already a crime,
lacks a rational alternative purpose, or is excessive in rela-
tion to that purpose. Kennedy v. Mendoza-Martinez, -- 169 (1963); see Smith, 538 U. S., at 97 (ex-
plaining that Mendoza-Martinez factors "migrated" to ex
post facto jurisprudence). So long as a law survives the first
test, " 'only the clearest proof ' " under the second test can
make it subject to the Ex Post Facto Clauses. Smith, 538
U. S., at 92.
B
This modern framework is incongruous with the histori-
cal purpose of Ex Post Facto Clauses. The modern frame-
work, because of how much it turns on legislative labeling
and semantics, allows a legislature to manipulate when the
10 ELLINGBURG v. UNITED STATES

THOMAS, J., concurring

protection will apply. Under the first test, for example, a
legislature might be able to impose a retroactive $10,000
fine on some previously innocent conduct -- such as drinking
coffee or going to the gym -- if it labeled the law "civil,"
placed it in the civil code, expressed a nonpunitive purpose,
omitted protections for the accused, and let non-traditional
prosecutors (such as a health agency) enforce it. See supra,
at 2 -- 3. Under the second test, the legislature might be able
to prevail by aggravating the fair-notice problems that mo-
tivate the Clauses, such as by having its retroactive law im-
pose strict liability and then applying it only to previously
innocent conduct. See Mendoza-Martinez, 372 U. S., at
168 -- 169. It is unlikely that a constitutional prohibition de-
signed to curb a "cruel and unjust" legislature, 1 Blackstone
46, can be so easily manipulated by the same legislature.
See United States v. Rahimi, (2024)
(THOMAS, J., dissenting) (explaining that the Constitution
does not "allow... majoritarian interests to determine" the
scope of "constitutional rights").
The modern framework is also convoluted. It is difficult
for courts, let alone ordinary citizens, to predict how this
Court will weigh the modern framework's combined twelve
factors spread over two tests. This Court's own precedents
admit that the twelve factors are "neither exhaustive nor
dispositive," United States v. Ward, 
(1980), and need not be given equal weights, Smith, 538
U. S., at 105. Such "multifactor balancing test[s]" invite
"policy-driven, 'arbitrary discretion.' " Gamble v. United
States, (2019) (THOMAS, J., concurring).
We should strive to avoid such unclear rules in any context,
but especially when interpreting a constitutional guarantee
of clear notice.
IV
When Calder said that the Ex Post Facto Clauses apply
only to laws imposing punishment for crimes, it was
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

THOMAS, J., concurring

referring to an established category of laws. A crime meant
a "public wrong," which is an injury to the sovereign in its
sovereign capacity. Calder therefore encompassed offenses
against the sovereign regardless of whether they were nom-
inally criminal or civil. And punishment simply referred to
the law's coercive sanction -- meaning a traditional depriva-
tion of life, liberty, or property -- redressing that public
wrong. Applying this understanding would restore the
Clauses to their proper role without the problems attendant
to the more recent precedents.
A
The English common law divided all unlawful acts into
"private wrongs" and "public wrongs." See 3 Blackstone 2.
Blackstone titled the third and fourth volumes of his Com-
mentaries, respectively, "Of Private Wrongs" and "Of Public
Wrongs." This dichotomy was fundamental to English and
American law.
Public wrongs were injuries to the sovereign. A public
wrong was "a breach and violation of public rights and du-
ties, which affect the whole community, considered as a
community." Ibid. Because a public wrong injured the com-
munity, it was deemed an injury to the sovereign in his sov-
ereign capacity. 4 Blackstone 2 -- 7. It followed that an ac-
tion to redress a public wrong was brought on behalf of the
sovereign, not the victim. J. Locke, Second Treatise of Civil
Government 7 (J. Gough ed. 1948) (Locke). In concrete
terms, actions for public wrongs were brought in England
on behalf of the King, and here on behalf of the State or the
United States -- typically by public prosecutors, rather than
privately by the victims. The sovereign "is supposed by the
law to be the person injured by every infraction of the public
rights belonging to that community, and is therefore in all
cases the proper prosecutor for every public offense." 4
Blackstone 2; see also Robertson v. United States ex rel.
Watson, (2010) (ROBERTS, C. J.,
12 ELLINGBURG v. UNITED STATES

THOMAS, J., concurring

dissenting) (a criminal prosecution is an action "on behalf
of the sovereign, seeking to vindicate a public wrong"). Pub-
lic wrongs included all wrongs deemed injuries to the sov-
ereign and redressable by the sovereign, from murder to
mayhem to public nuisance. 4 Blackstone 5 -- 6.
Private wrongs, in contrast, were injuries to individuals
in their private capacity. An action inflicted a private
wrong insofar as it infringed "the private or civil rights be-
longing to individuals, considered as individuals." 3 Black-
stone 2. For example, a dispute with a fellow citizen over a
land claim or a failure to pay a debt concerned a private
wrong. "[I]f I detain a field from another man, to which the
law has given him a right, this is a civil injury, and not a
crime," Blackstone explained, because "only the right of an
individual is concerned, and it is immaterial to the public,
which of us is in possession of the land." 4 Blackstone 5.
Private wrongs were redressable by the individuals whose
rights were violated, not the sovereign.
A single act could be both a private wrong and a public
wrong. Id., at 5 -- 6. "The same acts will generally constitute
a private injury, as well as a public crime. A public punish-
ment is inflicted on the part of the state, to restrain such
conduct, and the party injured is entitled to a compensation
for the injury he has sustained." 2 Z. Swift, System of the
Laws of the State of Connecticut 292 (1796); accord ibid.
("If one man assaults and beats another, he is punished by
a fine for disturbing the peace, and compelled to compen-
sate in money the person he has abused and wounded.").
The private suit brought by the individual vindicated the
private wrong, and the public prosecution brought by the
sovereign vindicated the public wrong. This overlap carries
forward to modern law: Theft can be redressed through a
tort suit brought by the victim and a criminal prosecution
brought by the state.
When the opinions in Calder spoke of "crimes," they
meant public wrongs. The prevailing definition of a "crime"
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

THOMAS, J., concurring

around the time of Calder was "a violation of law to the in-
jury of the public, a public offense." N. Webster, A Compen-
dious Dictionary of the English Language 72 (1806) (Web-
ster). Blackstone used the terms "crimes" and "public
wrongs" interchangeably. See 4 Blackstone 1 -- 5. His fourth
volume covered "public wrongs, or crimes and misdemean-
ors." Id., at 1.1 The "common-law conception of crime," this
Court has long recognized, was an "offense against the sov-
ereignty of the government." Heath v. Alabama, (1985). So Calder's limitation of the Ex Post Facto
Clauses to crimes would have originally been understood to
include all public wrongs.
Calder itself confirms this understanding. Justice Chase
distinguished crimes not with nominally civil laws enforced
by the sovereign, but with laws that merely "secure[d] pri-
vate rights," like contract laws. 3 Dall., at 390. Justices
Chase and Iredell used "crime" interchangeably with "of-
fence." Ibid.; id., at 400 (opinion of Iredell, J.). Justices
Chase and Paterson said that their definitions tracked
Blackstone's. See id., at 391 (opinion of Chase, J.) ("Sir Wil-
liam Blackstone, in his commentaries, considers an ex post
facto law precisely in the same light I have done."); id., at
396 (opinion of Paterson, J.) (similar). Justice Iredell ex-
plained in a contemporaneous opinion that the Ex Post
Facto Clauses could be limited to crimes because "there...
is little reason to apprehend a legislative interference for
the sake of unjustly transferring property from one man to
another." Minge v. Gilmour, 17 F. Cas. 440, 443, No. 9,631
(CC NC 1798). And, of course, the occasion for Calder's dis-
tinction was a probate dispute, where only private rights
are implicated.2
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Crimes and misdemeanors were for these purposes "syn-

onymous." 4 Blackstone 5.
2 Professor Caleb Nelson has read Calder along the same

lines: "By 'criminal' laws," he has explained, "Justice Iredell
14 ELLINGBURG v. UNITED STATES

THOMAS, J., concurring

In turn, when Calder referred to criminal "punishment,"
it simply meant whatever coercive sanction -- or deprivation
of life, liberty, or property -- the law imposed as redress for
committing those crimes. Blackstone understood punish-
ment to include the traditional "coercive penalties" that the
law imposed as redress for a public wrong. See 4 Black-
stone 7 -- 8. Dictionaries defined "punishment" broadly as
"[a]ny infliction or pain imposed in vengeance of a crime,"
S. Johnson, A Dictionary of the English Language (6th ed.
1785), or "any thing inflicted for a crime," Webster 241. The
power of punishing an offender was the power to harm the
offender in a way that was otherwise forbidden: "[N]o one
ought to harm another in his life, health, liberty, or posses-
sions" -- "unless it be to do justice on an offender." Locke 5
; see also id., at 6 (describing when "one
man may lawfully do harm to another, which is that we call
punishment").
The Ex Post Facto Clauses therefore prohibit retroactive
laws that impose coercive penalties for public wrongs. Con-
trary to the modern framework, it does not matter what the
legislature labels the law, where it places the law, which
agency it vests enforcement with, what its stated goals
were, whether it provides safeguards for the accused,
whether it requires a showing of scienter, or whether the
conduct to which it applies is already a crime. Contra,
Smith, 538 U. S., at 96; Martinez-Mendoza, 372 U. S., at
168 -- 169. What matters is what the law does. If it punishes
a public wrong -- or an injury to the sovereign in its sover-
eign capacity -- then it is subject to the Ex Post Facto

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
and his colleagues may simply have meant laws that de-
fined offenses and imposed punishments for them," even if
"the penalties that they prescribed could be collected
through civil suits." C. Nelson, Originalism and Interpre-
tive Conventions, 70 U. Chi. L. Rev. 519, 582, (2003).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

THOMAS, J., concurring

Clauses. If it changes merely private relations, such as the
rules of contract or property or probate, then it is not.
Whether a law is subject to the Ex Post Facto Clauses will
therefore typically depend on how it is enforced. If it is en-
forced on behalf of the sovereign to redress a sovereign in-
jury, then it is subject to the Clauses. See 4 Blackstone 2.
If instead it is enforced by a private person to vindicate his
own private rights, then it is not. In this case, for example,
the law was subject to the Ex Post Facto Clauses because it
was enforced against Ellingburg by the United States, not
by the First Union National Bank, whose private rights El-
lingburg violated when he robbed it. And the United
States's action was redressing a sovereign injury to the
community as a whole, not a private wrong. Cf. 3 Black-
stone 257 (explaining that the King can bring "common law
actions" to redress private wrongs to himself, such as an
"action for trespass for taking away his goods").3
Calder's understanding secures Ex Post Facto Clause pro-
tection in a wide range of contexts involving nominally civil
laws. Those contexts include civil proceedings seeking fines
for public offenses. See, e.g., Army Corps of Engineers v.
Hawkes Co., (2016) (describing "civil pen-
alties of up to $37,500 for each day [the challenger] violated
the Act"). They include enforcement proceedings brought
by administrative agencies. See Axon Enterprise, Inc. v.
FTC, (2023) (THOMAS, J., concurring)
(describing the 20th-century rise of such proceedings). And
they include municipal sanctions like speeding tickets. "If
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Sovereigns sometimes delegated enforcement of public

wrongs to private persons. But, unlike in actions redress-
ing private wrongs, the private persons in those circum-
stances acted "on behalf of the sovereign" and were subject
to the sovereign's control. Robertson v. United States ex rel.
Watson, (2010) (ROBERTS, C. J., dissent-
ing); see ibid. (collecting authorities).
16 ELLINGBURG v. UNITED STATES

THOMAS, J., concurring

one were to commit a minor traffic offense at a time the of-
fense was to be punished by a $25 fine, and the government
were to then amend the statute and impose a fine of
$1,000,000 dollars, it would be nonsensical to treat that fine
as non-punitive simply because the offense was processed
civilly." Brief for Professor Beth Colgan as Amicus Curiae
8,. Because all of these offenses impose punishments
for public wrongs, Calder would treat them all as subject to
the Ex Post Facto Clauses.
B
This understanding of Calder long prevailed. Courts took
the position that "the relevant line for the Clause's scope"
lay between "punishments imposed in response to public of-
fenses whether prosecuted criminally or civilly on the one
hand, and purely private disputes on the other." Brief for
Professor Beth Colgan as Amicus Curiae 5. This Court con-
firmed, contrary to the modern precedents, that "the ex post
facto effect of a law cannot be evaded by giving a civil form
to that which is essentially criminal." Burgess v. Salmon,
(1878). The influential commentator
Thomas Cooley likewise explained that a "law will be ex
post facto in the constitutional sense" if it "subject[s] an in-
dividual to a pecuniary penalty" or "deprives a party of any
valuable right" retroactively, even if "it does not in terms
declare the acts to which the penalty is attached criminal."
Constitutional Limitations 321 (6th ed. 1890).
In a similar context, when a State sought nominally civil
fines against a company for doing business without proper
forms, this Court explained that the statute "was in the
strictest sense a penal statute." Wisconsin v. Pelican Ins.
Co., (1888). The Court held that the
nominally civil statute was penal because "[t]he cause of ac-
tion was not any private injury, but solely the offence com-
mitted against the State by violating her law." Ibid. Like-
wise, "[t]he prosecution was in the name of the State." Ibid.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

THOMAS, J., concurring

The Court explained that "[t]he real nature of the case is
not affected by the forms provided by the law of the State";
these forms were "immaterial" to whether the law was
criminal or penal in a constitutional sense. Ibid. Thus, the
Court concluded, "[i]n whatever form the State pursues her
right to punish the offence against her sovereignty," an ac-
tion is criminal or penal in substance whenever it seeks to
"compe[l ] the offender to pay a pecuniary fine by way of
punishment for the offence." Ibid.
Other decisions followed the same reasoning. For exam-
ple, when the United States brought a nominally civil ac-
tion for damages based on a public offense, the defendants
were entitled to other criminal-procedure protections be-
cause the action "was in its nature and essence, though not
its form, a penal or criminal action." United States v.
Poyllon, 27 F. Cas. 608, 611, No. 16,081 (NY 1812). And
when a statute forbade "any fine or forfeiture under any pe-
nal statute," the statute applied to a nominally civil action
for debt on behalf of the sovereign against someone who
committed a public offense. Adams v. Woods, 2 Cranch 336,
337, 340 -- 341 (1805) (emphases deleted). Chief Justice
Marshall explained that the category of penal laws referred
"not to any particular mode of proceeding, but generally to
any prosecution, trial, or punishment for the offence." Ibid.
This understanding of Calder harmonizes the Ex Post
Facto Clauses with their historical purpose. It means that
the Clauses ensure fair notice against government enforce-
ment actions, regardless of whether the legislature labels
them civil. As JUSTICE GORSUCH has explained, today's
"civil" laws "regularly impose penalties far more severe
than those found in many criminal statutes." Sessions v.
Dimaya, (2018) (opinion concurring in
part and concurring in the judgment). "Today's 'civil' pen-
alties include confiscatory rather than compensatory fines,
forfeiture provisions that allow homes to be taken, remedies
that strip persons of their professional licenses and
18 ELLINGBURG v. UNITED STATES

THOMAS, J., concurring

livelihoods, and the power to commit persons against their
will indefinitely.' " Ibid. This understanding also helps rec-
oncile Calder with its critics, many of whom have focused
on the injustice of allowing the government to retroactively
impose sanctions for public offenses that it deems civil. See,
e.g., Brief for Professor Wayne A. Logan as Amicus Curiae
31 -- 32; cf. D. Troy, Retroactive Legislation 49 -- 55 (1998).
This understanding of Calder also simplifies the law. Ra-
ther than making the Ex Post Facto Clauses' application de-
pend on twelve factors with indeterminate weights, this un-
derstanding makes it depend on a simple legal inquiry with
a long pedigree in our legal tradition -- whether the law im-
poses a coercive penalty to redress a public wrong. See, e.g.,
Pelican Ins. Co., 127 U. S., at 299; Robertson, 560 U. S., at
278 -- 279 (ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting). In most cases, that
inquiry will just come down to who enforces the law, the
sovereign or the injured private party.
* * *
In Collins v. Youngblood, this Court explained that any
"departure from Calder's explanation of the original under-
standing of the Ex Post Facto Clause[s] was... unjustified."
497 U. S., at 49. The Court understood itself to be bound by
what Calder meant rather than by its intervening prece-
dents that misunderstood Calder. 497 U. S., at 49 -- 50. To-
day, this Court's precedents concerning the scope of laws
imposing criminal punishment have departed from Calder's
understanding of that category. In a future case, the Court
should consider returning to Calder's understanding.

============================================================

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring in the judgment.
To protect federal personnel and property in Illinois, the
President federalized about 300 National Guard members.
The State of Illinois sued, and as relevant here, the District
Court barred the President from deploying the Guard.
After the Seventh Circuit declined to stay the District
Court's order, the Government applied to this Court for a
stay. I agree with the Court's decision to deny the
Government's application for a stay, but I would do so on
narrower grounds.
To federalize the National Guard, the President first
must determine that he is "unable with the regular forces
to execute the laws of the United States." 10 U. S. C.
4 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in judgment. In my view, the statutory term "regular forces"
likely refers to the U. S. military, not to federal civilian law
enforcement officers. On the current record, however, it
does not appear that the President has yet made the
statutorily required determination that he is "unable" with
the U. S. military, as distinct from federal civilian law
enforcement officers, to ensure the execution of federal law
in Illinois. (The President of course would have great
discretion to make that determination, as the State itself
acknowledges. See Supp. Letter Reply Brief for
Respondents 7; Department of Navy v. Egan, -- 530 (1988).)
On that narrow ground, I would deny the Government's
application for a stay. We need not decide more, so I would
not decide more.
The Court goes further. The Court starts by concluding
that "regular forces" means the U. S. military. (As noted
above, I agree with that initial point.) From there, however,
the Court conducts a complicated and debatable statutory
analysis. The Court says that under the Government's
argument, "it is hard to see how performing those
functions" -- that is, protecting federal personnel and
property -- "could constitute 'execut[ing] the laws' under." Ante, at 3. On that premise, the Court further
states that "at least in this posture, the Government has
not carried its burden to show that permits the
President to federalize the Guard in the exercise of inherent
authority to protect federal personnel and property in
Illinois," ante, at 3 -- even if the President finds that he is
"unable" with the U. S. military to protect federal personnel
and property from harm.1

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The statute also separately authorizes the President to federalize the

National Guard if there is an "invasion" or "rebellion." 10 U. S. C.
-- (2).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in judgment

The Court's legal interpretation, as I understand it, could
lead to potentially significant implications for future crises
that we cannot now foresee. Consider a hypothetical
example. Suppose a mob rapidly gathers outside the U. S.
Courthouse in Philadelphia in response to an unpopular
decision (or to influence the outcome of a pending matter).
Suppose also that the mob is threatening to storm the
courthouse and attack the federal judges, prosecutors, and
other personnel inside, and to damage or burn down the
building, thereby preventing the execution of federal law.
Suppose further that U. S. military forces cannot readily
mobilize to deploy to the site in time, that the local police
and federal court security officers are outnumbered, and
that the President wants to federalize National Guard units
to protect the courthouse and the judges, prosecutors, and
other personnel. Under the Court's order today, even in
those circumstances the President presumably could not
federalize the National Guard under.2
Of course, that kind of hypothetical scenario does not
often arise, and we can hope that it will not arise in the
future. But the potential consequences, combined with the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 As I read it, the Court's opinion does not address the President's

authority under the Insurrection Act. See 10 U. S. C., 253.
Moreover, the Court's opinion does not address or purport to disturb the
President's long-asserted Article II authority to use the U. S. military (as
distinct from the National Guard) to protect federal personnel and
property and thereby ensure the execution of federal law. See 1 Supp.
Op. OLC 343 (1971) (W. Rehnquist). As Professor Goldsmith has
succinctly explained: "The protective power is the president's inherent or
independent Article II power to protect federal personnel, property, and
functions. The key point is that the president can assert the protective
power without reliance on Section 12406. He can deploy regular armed
forces without any need to federalize the Guard. Presidents often have."
J. Goldsmith, President Trump Holds the Legal Cards on the Use of the
Military in the Domestic Sphere, Executive Functions (Oct. 8, 2025).
One apparent ramification of the Court's opinion is that it could cause
the President to use the U. S. military more than the National Guard to
protect federal personnel and property in the United States.
6 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in judgment

novelty and difficulty of the statutory issues addressed by
the Court, underscore why I would not opine more broadly
than necessary to resolve this application.3
Before addressing those challenging and far-reaching
statutory questions at this stage of the case, I would have
at least invited further briefing and possibly also held oral
argument, either on the application itself or by granting
certiorari before judgment, akin to what the Court has done
on several recent occasions. See Trump v. CASA, Inc., (2025); Ohio v. EPA, (2024);
National Federation of Independent Business v. OSHA, (2022). As I have stated with respect to previous
interim applications of substantial import and difficulty,
the Court can help guard against mistakes or
misjudgments by employing additional process when
sufficient time is available -- recognizing, of course, that
time will not always be available. See Trump v. Boyle, 606
U. S. ___ (2025) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring); Trump v.
CASA, Inc., 606 U. S., at 876 (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring);
A.A.R.P. v. Trump, (2025) (KAVANAUGH,
J., concurring); Labrador v. Poe, -- 1129
(2024) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring).4
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The Court's decision reflects only likely legal conclusions and comes

at a "preliminary stage." Ante, at 2. That said, the decision will
presumably be a form of precedent throughout the Federal Judiciary that
requires a temporary injunction (either a preliminary injunction or an
injunction pending appeal or certiorari) in like circumstances, unless and
until this Court reaches a contrary conclusion. See Trump v. Boyle, 606
U. S. ___ (2025); Trump v. CASA, Inc., (2025)
(KAVANAUGH, J., concurring). The Court also emphasizes that the
Government has failed to carry its "burden." Ante, at 3. In this context,
that statement seems to convey the truisms that, in future litigation, the
Court could reconsider its view of the law or the Government might seek
to advance new or different arguments.
4 The State's opposition to deployment of the National Guard appears

to stem in part from the State's underlying objections to the activities of
federal immigration officers when they make immigration stops and
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in judgment

In sum, I vote to deny the application but would do so on
narrow grounds and, at this time, would not reach the
broader statutory issues addressed by the Court.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
arrests in Illinois. The State and the Government disagree about
whether the immigration officers have violated the Constitution in
making certain immigration stops and arrests. The basic constitutional
rules governing that dispute are longstanding and clear: The Fourth
Amendment requires that immigration stops must be based on
reasonable suspicion of illegal presence, stops must be brief, arrests must
be based on probable cause, and officers must not employ excessive force.
Moreover, the officers must not make interior immigration stops or
arrests based on race or ethnicity. Cf. Whren v. United States, (1996) ("[T]he Constitution prohibits selective enforcement of
the law based on considerations such as race"). This application does not
require us to delve into the parties' underlying dispute and to determine
whether any particular immigration encounter or series of encounters in
Illinois has violated those basic constitutional principles.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

ALITO, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A443
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. ILLINOIS, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
[December 23, 2025]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS joins, dis-
senting.
" 'In our adversarial system of adjudication, we follow the
principle of party presentation.' " Clark v. Sweeney, 607
U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (per curiam) ). If a party passes up what seems to us a promising
argument, we do not assume the role of advocate. Instead,
we normally decide the questions that the parties choose to
present.
In this case, the Court has unnecessarily and unwisely
departed from standard practice. It raised an argument
that respondents waived below, and it now rules in re-
spondents' favor on that ground. To make matters worse,
the Court reaches out and expresses tentative views on
other highly important issues on which there is no relevant
judicial precedent and on which we have received scant
briefing and no oral argument.
First, the Court suggests that the principal statutory pro-
vision involved in the case, 10 U. S. C., contains
a restriction that has no grounding in the statutory text,
namely, that "unable with the regular forces to execute the
laws of the United States" actually means "unable with the
regular forces to execute the laws of the United States for
reasons other than the lack of lawful authority to do
2 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

so." The Court in effect adds new language to the text Con-
gress enacted.
Second, the Court implicitly suggests that does
not constitute an "Act of Congress" within the meaning of
that phrase in the Posse Comitatus Act.. That is a
surprising conclusion, to say the least.
Third, the Court expresses the tentative view that the
phrase "execute the laws of the United States" in 
does not include "protective functions" so that even if the
National Guard is properly deployed under that provision,
it may not be given the task of preventing potentially lethal
attacks on civilian federal law enforcement officers or the
takeover or destruction of Government facilities. According
to the Court's apparent reasoning, National Guard mem-
bers may enforce the immigration laws by, for example, ar-
resting and processing aliens, but they may not perform the
protective functions for which they are better suited. That,
too, is surprising.
On top of all this, the Court fails to explain why the Pres-
ident's inherent constitutional authority to protect federal
officers and property is not sufficient to justify the use of
National Guard members in the relevant area for precisely
that purpose.
I am not prepared at this point to express a definite view
on these questions, but I have serious doubts about the cor-
rectness of the Court's views. And I strongly disagree with
the manner in which the Court has disposed of this appli-
cation.
I
A
The key statutory provision in this case, 10 U. S. C., provides in relevant part that "[w]henever...
the President is unable with the regular forces to execute
the laws of the United States," he "may call into Federal
service members and units of the National Guard of any
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

ALITO, J., dissenting

State in such numbers as he considers necessary to... ex-
ecute those laws."
In the lower courts, the parties agreed that the phrase
"regular forces" means civilian federal law enforcement of-
ficers, not military service members. Respondents explic-
itly adopted this position in the District Court. That court
disagreed, but when the Government challenged this hold-
ing in the Seventh Circuit, respondents declined to defend
the lower court's interpretation, and the Seventh Circuit
did not reach the issue. The Government's stay application
in this Court asserted that any defense of the District
Court's interpretation had been waived, and respondents
did not dispute either that assertion or the correctness of
the Government's contention that "regular forces" means
federal civilian officers. Thus, the argument that "regular
forces" means the military was either waived or forfeited
three times over.
Ignoring this history, the Court ordered the parties to file
supplemental briefs on the meaning of "regular forces." Re-
spondents "[u]nderstandably... rode with an argument
suggested by" the Court and argued, for the first time and
contrary to their position below, that the "regular forces"
means the military. Sineneng-Smith, 590 U. S., at 379.
The majority now accepts this eleventh-hour argument.
"Nevermind that [respondents] had presented a contrary
theory of the case in the District Court." Id., at 380. For
the Court, respondents' "own arguments, differently di-
rected, fell by the wayside, for they did not mesh with" the
Court's own "theory of the case." Id., at 379.
We should decide this application based on the "party-
presented controversy." Id., at 380. That controversy cen-
tered on the District Court's holding that, contrary to the
President's determination, civilian federal law enforcement
officers were in fact able to execute federal laws in the Chi-
cago area. If the Court has doubts about the parties' inter-
pretation of the phrase "regular forces," it could assume for
4 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

the sake of argument that the parties' interpretation was
correct and proceed on that basis. The Court has done that
on many occasions. E.g., Warner Chappell Music, Inc. v.
Nealy, (2024) (assuming there is a dis-
covery rule for copyright claims); Financial Oversight and
Management Bd. for P. R. v. Centro de Periodismo Investi-
gativo, Inc., 346 (2023) ("assum[ing]
without deciding that Puerto Rico is immune from suit in
federal district court and that [a financial oversight board]
partakes of that immunity" because respondent "never ar-
gued" otherwise in the courts below); Wisconsin Legislature
v. Wisconsin Elections Comm'n, (2022)
(per curiam) (assuming without deciding that complying
with the Voting Rights Act is a compelling interest);
McDonough v. Smith, (2019) (assuming
without deciding that a due process fabricated-evidence
claim may be asserted under Rev. Stat., 42 U. S. C.
).
In this case, the Court has no good reason to stray beyond
the issues that the parties chose to present, and based on
those arguments, the Court should grant the application.
There is no basis for rejecting the President's determination
that he was unable to execute the federal immigration laws
using the civilian law enforcement resources at his com-
mand. In concluding otherwise, the District Court likely
committed both legal and factual error.
B
1
I will begin with the District Court's understanding of the
applicable law. The District Court held that a President is
"unable" to execute federal law within the meaning of 10
U. S. C. only if he is literally "incapable" of execut-
ing the law with the regular forces. App. to Application 23a.
That interpretation is implausible. If the term "regular
forces" means federal civilian law enforcement officers, that
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

ALITO, J., dissenting

interpretation would mean that the President would have
to conclude that the immigration laws could not be enforced
in Illinois even if all other federal law enforcement activi-
ties were put on hold and every federal law enforcement of-
ficer in the country -- including every FBI, DEA, Secret Ser-
vice, and ATF agent, every postal inspector and deputy
marshal, and all the law enforcement officers employed by
other agencies -- were transferred to that area and assigned
that task.
The District Court's interpretation would lead to even
more outlandish results if "regular forces" means the mili-
tary. In that case, a President could not call up the Na-
tional Guard to execute the laws in one locale unless all the
Nation's military forces, if transferred to the area in ques-
tion, would be incapable of executing the laws.
A less extreme interpretation of "unable" is much more
reasonable and consistent with the way the term is com-
monly used. In everyday speech, a person may say that he
or she is "unable" to perform an act simply because the ad-
verse consequences of performing that act would be unac-
ceptable. For example, an attorney might tell a trial court
judge that he or she is "unable" to start a trial on a partic-
ular day because the attorney is scheduled to argue a case
in this Court on that date and no other attorney could pre-
pare for the argument in time. That attorney would be ca-
pable of showing up for the trial on the day in question, but
the attorney's use of the term "unable" would be entirely
natural.
The District Court's interpretation of "unable" was im-
plausible for an additional reason: It seems to prohibit de-
ployment of the National Guard unless the President could
not execute the laws to even the slightest extent. The Dis-
trict Court took what it termed "a binary approach: ability
or not, capability or not." Id., at 68a. As the Ninth Circuit
has explained, however, "Section cannot plausi-
bly be read to mean that so long as some amount of
6 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

execution of the laws remains possible, the statute cannot
be invoked, regardless of how much execution of the laws
remains thwarted or how much personal danger federal
personnel face during operations." Newsom v. Trump, 141
F. 4th 1032, 1051 (2025). It is more reasonable to interpret
to mean that a President is "unable" to execute
the laws when he is substantially impaired from doing so.
2
The District Court also erred in refusing to afford any def-
erence to the President's determination that calling up the
National Guard was needed to execute federal law. The
most directly relevant Supreme Court precedent suggests
that such a determination must be accepted by the courts.
In Martin v. Mott, 12 Wheat. 19, 28 (1827), a militia mem-
ber argued, among other things, that the standard for call-
ing up the militia under the law in force at the time had not
been met. See Act of Feb. 28, 1795, 1 Stat. 424. Section 1
of that law governed use of the militia when the country is
invaded or threatened with invasion, and, much like, authorized use of the militia when "the execu-
tion" of federal law is obstructed. Addressing the stand-
ard, Justice Story's opinion for the unanimous Court held
that "the authority to decide whether the exigency has
arisen... belongs exclusively to the President." 12 Wheat.,
at 30. "[H]is decision," the Court held, "is conclusive," and
therefore, application of the statute depends only on "his
own judgment of the facts." Id., at 30, 33; see also Luther
v. Borden, 7 How. 1, 43 -- 45 (1849) (reaffirming the holding
in Martin and the unreviewability of the President's deci-
sion to call up the militia).
The District Court gave no weight to this precedent. It
saw Martin as a relic, viewed its express holding as limited
to the particular facts of the case, and thought it had been
superseded by more recent political-question decisions.
Such treatment of a Supreme Court precedent that has
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

ALITO, J., dissenting

never been overruled, narrowed, or questioned by this
Court was inappropriate. See Mallory v. Norfolk Southern
R. Co., (2023).
Even if Martin does not dictate judicial acceptance of a
President's decision to call up the National Guard, both
that precedent and a humble appreciation of the role of a
single federal judge surely demanded that such a Presiden-
tial determination be given a modicum of deference. The
District Court afforded none.
For these reasons, the District Court appears to have mis-
understood what the law requires, and those legal errors
alone justify a stay.
C
Once the proper legal framework is recognized, the Pres-
ident's determination must almost certainly be sustained.
The Government's declarations show that U. S. Immigra-
tion and Customs Enforcement (ICE) operations in and
around Chicago have been the target of unprecedented sab-
otage and violence since June of this year. Hundreds of ri-
oters have converged at the Department of Homeland Secu-
rity facility in Broadview, Illinois, the only intake and
processing center for ICE operations in the Chicago area.
These rioters have been organized, gathering offsite and ar-
riving in vans, then getting picked up several hours later
by vans returning with new rioters. They have arrived
armed with shields, gas masks, protective padding, and
other tools for physical combat. And they have blocked en-
try and exit at the ICE facility, physically assaulted person-
nel attempting to enter or leave work, significantly dam-
aged the building, and vandalized both Government and
personally owned vehicles.
The resulting violence has endangered the lives of federal
personnel. Multiple rioters have been found with loaded
guns, some of them semi-automatic. Rioters have hit,
punched, and shoved officers; thrown bottles, rocks, and
8 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

tear gas canisters at officers; attempted to grab officers'
firearms and munitions; pulled gas masks and tear gas can-
isters off the officers' uniforms; targeted officers with bull-
horns and whistles that can cause permanent hearing loss;
aimed strobe lights and lasers at officers' faces; and shot
fireworks at officers. On more than a dozen occasions, one
rioter jumped on the hood of an incoming Government ve-
hicle, and another took up a position immediately behind
the vehicle. When the vehicle stopped, other rioters ran up
and slashed the vehicle's tires. As of early October, more
than 30 federal officers had suffered injuries, and multiple
officers had been hospitalized.
In a widely publicized event on October 4, a federal vehi-
cle carrying Border Patrol agents was boxed in on a public
road by 10 civilian vehicles, and 2 of those vehicles rammed
the Government vehicle. As the agents exited their vehicle,
one of the civilian vehicles was driven directly at an agent,
forcing the agent to fire in self-defense. Hundreds of rioters
then converged near the scene, throwing glass bottles and
other dangerous objects at the agents. A federal vehicle
sent to assist the besieged agents was itself rammed. Later
in the day, a federal van was surrounded by rioters who
slashed its tires, but no emergency assistance was available
because of damage done to other Government vehicles ear-
lier that day.
Even when not on duty, federal officers have been tar-
geted. They have been followed to their homes and "doxed."
Officers and their families have been threatened, and their
homes and vehicles have been vandalized. Criminal enter-
prises have offered bounties for kidnapping or murdering
immigration officers. More than 20 officers have had their
home addresses posted on social media, and posts have
called for officials to be shot and killed on sight.
Local police departments have provided insufficient as-
sistance. When the October 4 ramming incident was re-
ported to the Chicago Police Department, an internal
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

ALITO, J., dissenting

dispatch stated that "NO UNITS WILL RESPOND TO
THIS." On September 13, when rioters threw rocks,
slashed tires, and poured flour into a federal vehicle's gas
tank, ICE officers called the Broadview Police Department
three times to ask for assistance. The Broadview Police
never responded.
In sum, injuries, threats, vandalism, and harassment
have significantly impaired efforts to execute the laws. The
agencies have had to reallocate resources from enforcing
the immigration laws to the provision of security for offic-
ers, the Broadview facility, and other Government prop-
erty. Even if the President's assessment of the situation is
given no deference, these facts adequately show that federal
civilian offers were "unable to" execute the immigration
laws under what appears to be the correct understanding of
that standard.
D
The District Court disagreed but gave no good reason for
doing so. Respondents, as the parties seeking interim re-
lief, bore the burden of proof. See Winter v. Natural Re-
sources Defense Council, Inc., (2008). But
instead of evaluating whether respondents had borne their
burden, the District Court brushed aside the facts set out
in the Government's declarations (many of which were un-
disputed) based on two perceived weaknesses in those dec-
larations.
Neither of the District Court's criticisms justified the
wholesale dismissal of the Government's declarations. The
court's first criticism concerned the failure of two declar-
ants to acknowledge that grand juries had declined to indict
three of the individuals whose arrests were mentioned in
the declarations. The court saw the declarants' failure to
mention the grand juries' actions as evidence of mendacity.
But the court did not take into account the dates on which
the declarations were filed and the dates on which the
10 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

grand juries declined to indict, and it did not find that the
declarants were aware of the grand juries' actions. Unless
the declarants had such knowledge, however, there was no
ground for impugning their candor.
Second, the court suggested that the same declarants' de-
scriptions of the relevant events were exaggerated because
they had submitted similar declarations in another case in
which a different judge found that ICE officers had likely
violated protestors' First Amendment rights. But again,
more would have to be known before accepting this criti-
cism. What we do know is that the cited order in the First
Amendment case did not make any credibility findings and
did not discuss the Government's declarations at all, much
less find them false. See Chicago Headline Club v. Noem,
No. 1:25 -- cv -- 12173, (ND Ill., Oct. 9, 2025), ECF Doc. 43.
For these reasons, the validity of the District Court's two
criticisms is questionable, but even if they are taken at face
value, they cannot justify the court's wholesale refusal to
credit the declarations' uncontested description of serious
and continuous violence.
Nor can the District Court's decision be justified by con-
clusory statements in respondents' declarations about the
capability of state and local law enforcement to provide pro-
tection. E.g., App. to Application 43a; Decl. of Major D.
Orseno, No. 1:25 -- cv -- 12174, (ND Ill., Oct. 6, 2025), ECF
Doc. 13 -- 15. Such statements provided no reason to doubt
the occurrence of the incidents of violence described in the
Government's declarations. And there is an obvious differ-
ence between the capabilities of state and local police and
their willingness to assist. Thus, even if we assume that a
Presidential determination under is reviewable
and not entitled to any special deference, the District Court
erred in refusing to credit the unrefuted facts offered by the
Government. And those facts provide more than enough
support for the President's determination that he was
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

ALITO, J., dissenting

unable to enforce federal law in the Chicago area using fed-
eral civilian law enforcement officers.
II
Instead of abiding by the standard rule on party presen-
tation, the Court took it upon itself to raise the question
whether the parties' understanding of "regular forces" was
correct. And taking a cue from this Court, respondents
abandoned their position below and switched to the argu-
ment that the phrase "regular forces" refers to the military,
not civilian federal law enforcement. The Court tentatively
agrees with respondents' new argument, but even if that is
correct, it does not follow that the President exceeded his
lawful authority when he called the National Guard into
federal service to assist in executing federal law in Illinois.
A
Regardless of how the term "regular forces" is defined, the
President appears to have complied with the requirements
of. The provision asks whether the "President is
unable with the regular forces to execute the laws of the
United States." And the President said unequivocally that
he had "determined that the regular forces of the United
States are not sufficient to ensure the laws of the United
States are faithfully executed... in Chicago." Memoran-
dum for Secretary of War et al., No. 1:25 -- cv -- 12174 (ND
Ill.), ECF Doc. 62 -- 1, pp. 16 -- 17 (Presidential Memo). Not
only is this statement sufficient on its face, but under the
presumption of regularity, the Court must presume that
the President properly arrived at his determination. See
Martin, 12 Wheat., at 32 -- 33 ("When the President exercises
an authority confided to him by law, the presumption is,
that it is exercised in pursuance of law").
The majority does not explain why the President's decla-
ration falls short. Instead, it breezily concludes that a Pres-
ident's inability to execute the law cannot be established
12 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

unless "the military could legally execute the laws." Ante,
at 2. In effect, the Court adds new lan-
guage to the statute so that it now requires that a President
be "unable with the regular forces to execute the laws of the
United States for reasons other than the lack of lawful
authority to do so." We have no authority to add this new
language to the text Congress enacted.
The sole requirement set out in the text of is
that the President must be "unable with the regular forces
to execute the laws of the United States." That text says
nothing about the cause of the President's inability to exe-
cute the laws, and in ordinary usage, it is common to say
that a person is "unable to" perform an act when the obsta-
cle is a rule of law. For example, it would be natural to say
that a person who is fully capable of operating a motor ve-
hicle is nevertheless "unable to" drive to work because his
or her license has been suspended. Or, to take one more
example, it would be natural to say that a federal district
court is "unable to" adjudicate a case in which the plaintiff
sues a citizen of the same State under state law. See 28
U. S. C.. This use of the term "unable" would be en-
tirely appropriate even if the judge, as will almost certainly
be the case, is fully capable of handling such a case.
By the same token, if we apply the ordinary meaning of
"unable to" in a case involving, a President may
be "unable to" use the military to execute the laws due to
either practical or legal constraints.
B
Even if contained the extra requirement that
the Court adds, there would be reasonable grounds for con-
cluding that the President had authority to take the actions
at issue. Indeed, the Court seems to acknowledge as much.
It notes that the President invokes his "inherent constitu-
tional authority... to use the military to protect federal
personnel and property," ante, at 3, and it cites with
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

ALITO, J., dissenting

apparent approval a body of Office of Legal Counsel opin-
ions sanctioning this understanding of inherent Presiden-
tial power. Authority To Use Troops To Prevent Interfer-
ence With Federal Employees by Mayday Demonstrations
and Consequent Impairment of Government Functions, 1
Supp. Op. OLC 343, 343 -- 344 (1971) ; see also In re Neagle, -- 59, 67 (1890)
(recognizing an inherent authority to protect federal
judges); In re Debs, (1895) (recognizing
an inherent authority to protect highways for the passage
of interstate commerce and mail).
That is what happened here: The President authorized
the National Guard to "perform those protective activities
that the Secretary of War determines are reasonably neces-
sary to ensure the execution of Federal law in Illinois, and
to protect Federal property in Illinois." Presidential Memo.
17. Although the Court recognizes this inherent Presiden-
tial power, it does not explain why it is not sufficient to sat-
isfy the new element that the Court has added to.1
The Court seems to suggest that the Posse Comitatus
Act, 18 U. S. C., stands in the way of what the Presi-
dent did here, but that is puzzling. Does the Court mean to
suggest that the Posse Comitatus Act somehow limited a
President's inherent constitutional authority? That is cer-
tainly not Congress's view. See 6 U. S. C. (4) ("[B]y
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 If is triggered only when a President determines that he is

unable to execute the law by using the military, it is not easy to see how
a court could assess and reject such a determination. As discussed, ina-
bility under should likely be interpreted to require no more than
serious detrimental consequences, and therefore the statutory predicate
should likely be regarded as satisfied whenever the deployment of mili-
tary units for the purpose of executing the laws at home would have such
consequences. Assessing the impact of such a deployment would require
a survey and analysis of all the Nation's military needs, and only a Pres-
ident and those under his command are equipped to make such an as-
sessment.
14 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

its express terms, the Posse Comitatus Act is not a complete
barrier to the use of the Armed Forces for a range of domes-
tic purposes, including law enforcement functions, when
the use of the Armed Forces is authorized by Act of Con-
gress or the President determines that the use of the Armed
Forces is required to fulfill the President's obligations un-
der the Constitution to respond promptly in time of war,
insurrection, or other serious emergency"). And in any
event, the Posse Comitatus Act expressly permits the use of
the military to execute the laws when permitted by an Act
of Congress,2 and is of course part of such an Act.3
The Court finds the Posse Comitatus Act relevant largely
because the same phrase -- "to execute the laws" -- also ap-
pears in. The Court's reasoning appears to go as
follows. Under a position long taken by the Government,
the Posse Comitatus Act does not forbid the use of the mil-
itary for "protective functions." This must mean that the
performance of such functions does not constitute the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The Act states: "Whoever, except in cases and under circumstances

expressly authorized by the Constitution or Act of Congress, willfully uses
any part of the Army, the Navy, the Marine Corps, the Air Force, or the
Space Force as a posse comitatus or otherwise to execute the laws shall
be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than two years, or both."
18 U. S. C..
3 I would not take for granted that the Posse Comitatus Act applies to

federalized National Guard units, another question that this Court has
never addressed. Indeed, the Act's enumeration of other military com-
ponents -- "the Army, the Navy, the Marine Corps, the Air Force, [and]
the Space Force" -- makes the omission of the National Guard quite no-
table. If, as the Court states, the term "regular forces" in likely
means the military, Congress clearly views the military and federalized
National Guard units as distinct entities. Otherwise, would non-
sensically say that the President may call up the National Guard when
the National Guard is unable to execute the laws. It is therefore not
obvious that the Posse Comitatus Act would ever apply to federalized
National Guard units, as opposed to the regular military. As 
makes clear, some of the laws and regulations governing "members of
the Regular Army or Regular Air Force" are not applicable to the Na-
tional Guard "when called into Federal service." 10 U. S. C..
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

ALITO, J., dissenting

execution of the laws. Section 12406(3) allows the use of
federalized National Guard members "to execute the laws."
Therefore, it follows that the National Guard may not be
used for protective functions.
The Court's reasoning rests on the presumption that a
phrase has the same meaning when it is used in closely re-
lated statutory provisions, but that presumption is not con-
clusive, and there are reasons to question its application
here. OLC's interpretation of the Posse Comitatus Act is
based heavily on the history and purpose of that Act, not
the ordinary meaning of the phrase "execute the laws,"
which easily encompasses protective functions. See 1 Supp.
Op. OLC, at 344 (examining the "history," "purpose," and
"desig[n]" of the Posse Comitatus Act). Moreover, one of
OLC's reasons for narrowly interpreting the Posse Comita-
tus Act's reach was to avoid intrusion on the President's in-
herent Article II powers and duties. See ibid. (noting the
"President's constitutional duty to protect [federal] func-
tioning" and "inherent authority to use troops, if necessary,
to carry out this duty"). Interpreting the phrase "execute
the laws" in in accordance with the ordinary mean-
ing of its terms would not pose any similar problem.
On the contrary, that interpretation would be consistent
with the way the phrase is used elsewhere. Under Article
II, of the Constitution, the President must "take Care
that the Laws be faithfully executed," and laws protecting
federal officers and property are not excepted. Nor do we
read the Insurrection Act, which authorizes the use of mili-
tia and armed forces to "enforce the laws," as preventing the
President from ordering troops to serve protective func-
tions. 10 U. S. C.. It is therefore entirely possible that
the phrase has different meanings in and the Posse
Comitatus Act, especially since what authorizes is
not the use of the regular military but the National Guard.
We should not hastily dismiss that possibility because in-
terpreting in the way the Court suggests would
16 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

ALITO, J., dissenting

have very strange consequences that Congress is unlikely
to have intended. Under the Court's interpretation, Na-
tional Guard members could arrest and process aliens who
are subject to deportation, but they would lack statutory
authorization to perform purely protective functions.
Our country has traditionally been wary of using soldiers
as domestic police, but it has been comfortable with their
use for purely protective purposes. The Court's interpreta-
tion of assumes that Congress meant for that pro-
vision to turn this approach on its head.
* * *
In conclusion, the Court should have decided this appli-
cation based on the arguments the parties chose to present,
and on that basis should have granted a stay. Injecting an-
other issue into the matter was unwise, and suggesting
views on a host of important questions without adequate
briefing, consideration, or explanation is imprudent.
Whatever one may think about the current administra-
tion's enforcement of the immigration laws or the way ICE
has conducted its operations, the protection of federal offic-
ers from potentially lethal attacks should not be thwarted.
I therefore respectfully dissent.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A443
_________________

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
STATES, ET AL. v. ILLINOIS, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
[December 23, 2025]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, dissenting.
This case touches on sensitive and gravely consequential
questions concerning what roles the National Guard and
U. S. military may play in domestic law enforcement. To be
sure, as the parties observe, Congress has supplied us with
some relevant statutory guidance in 10 U. S. C..
But, as my colleagues' writings attest, that statute raises
as many questions as it answers.
Take just some examples. Before calling up the National
Guard under, must the President be unable to
execute the laws merely with federal civilian law enforce-
ment personnel -- or must he be unable to do so even with
military troops? Is a Presidential declaration that he is un-
able with the regular forces to execute the law judicially re-
viewable -- and, if so, to what extent and under what stand-
ard? Does provide standalone authority
permitting the President to deploy the Guard, and how does
it interact with other statutes in the field, such as the Posse
Comitatus Act, 18 U. S. C., and the Insurrection Act,
10 U. S. C. -- 255? What, if any, inherent Article II
power does the President have to deploy the Guard to pro-
tect federal personnel or property, and how might that in-
form the interpretation of ? And if, as all parties
seem to assume, today's Guard is the successor to the mili-
tia of the founding era, how far can this inherent Presiden-
tial authority extend before it intrudes on Congress's
2 TRUMP v. ILLINOIS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

prerogative to decide when the militia may be used to exe-
cute the laws? See Art. I, cl. 15. If all those questions
were not fraught enough, an even graver one lurks here too:
When, if ever, may the federal government deploy the pro-
fessional military for domestic law enforcement purposes
consistent with the Constitution? See, e.g., Art. IV, ;
Amdt. 14,.
In the present posture of this case, I am not comfortable
venturing an answer to any of those questions. This Court
has never decided a case about the meaning of,
let alone explored its interaction with other statutes in the
field or the Constitution. Nor do we have much help on
many of these matters from the parties' briefs before us, un-
derstandably given that this case comes to us in an inter-
locutory posture on a highly compressed schedule.
Under these circumstances, caution seems to me key, and
I would decide this application narrowly, based only on
those few arguments the parties preserved and the eviden-
tiary record as it stands. See United States v. Sineneng-
Smith, (2020). In their initial briefing
before this Court, the parties proceeded on the premise that
statutorily permits the President to call up and
deploy the National Guard when he is unable to execute
federal law with civilian federal law enforcement officials.
Proceeding on that same premise, I believe the declarations
federal law enforcement officials submitted below support
the grant of a stay for substantially the reasons given in
Parts I -- A, B -- 1, C, and D of JUSTICE ALITO's opinion. See
ante, at 2 -- 11. But I would hazard no opinion beyond that,
leaving instead all the weighty questions outlined above for
another case where they are properly preserved and can re-
ceive the full airing they so clearly deserve.

============================================================

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH, concurring in the denial of the
application to vacate stay.
I concur in the Court's denial of NetChoice's application
for interim relief because NetChoice has not sufficiently
demonstrated that the balance of harms and equities favors
it at this time. See Response in Opposition 37 -- 39.
To be clear, NetChoice has, in my view, demonstrated
that it is likely to succeed on the merits -- namely, that
enforcement of the Mississippi law would likely violate its
members' First Amendment rights under this Court's
precedents. See Moody v. NetChoice, LLC, 
(2024); Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Assn., (2011); cf. Free Speech Coalition, Inc. v. Paxton, 606
U. S. ___ (2025). Given those precedents, it is no surprise
that the District Court in this case enjoined enforcement of
the Mississippi law and that seven other Federal District
Courts have likewise enjoined enforcement of similar state
laws. See No. 1:24 -- cv -- 170 (SD Miss., June 18, 2025);
NetChoice, LLC v. Yost, 716 F. Supp. 3d 539 (SD Ohio
2024); Computer & Communications Industry Assn. v.
Paxton, 747 F. Supp. 3d 1011 (WD Tex. 2024); NetChoice,
LLC v. Reyes, 748 F. Supp. 3d 1105 (Utah 2024); NetChoice,
LLC v. Bonta, 770 F. Supp. 3d 1164 (ND Cal. 2025);
2 NETCHOICE, LLC v. FITCH

KAVANAUGH, J., concurring

NetChoice, LLC v. Griffin, No. 5:23 -- cv -- 5105 (WD Ark.,
Mar. 31, 2025); Computer & Communications Industry
Assn. v. Uthmeier, ___ F. Supp. 3d ___, No. 4:24 -- cv -- 438
(ND Fla., June 3, 2025); NetChoice v. Carr, ___ F. Supp. 3d
___, No. 1:25 -- cv -- 2422 (ND Ga., June 26, 2025).
In short, under this Court's case law as it currently
stands, the Mississippi law is likely unconstitutional.
Nonetheless, because NetChoice has not sufficiently
demonstrated that the balance of harms and equities favors
it at this time, I concur in the Court's denial of the
application for interim relief.

============================================================

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case concerns the Appointments Clause in Article II
of the Constitution. The U. S. Preventive Services Task
Force, an entity within the Department of Health and
Human Services, issues public recommendations about
preventive healthcare services -- for example, cancer and
diabetes screenings. Before 2010, the Task Force's
recommendations were purely advisory. But the Affordable
Care Act of 2010 now mandates that health insurers cover
some of the recommended services at no cost to the insured.
The Secretary of Health and Human Services appointed
the 16 current members of the Task Force. The question in
this case is whether appointment of Task Force members
by the Secretary is consistent with the Appointments
Clause in Article II. That question turns on whether the
Task Force members are principal officers or inferior
officers. Principal officers must be nominated by the
President and confirmed by the Senate. That process can
be lengthy and therefore can hinder the Executive Branch's
ability to promptly fill offices -- and thus also impede the
President's ability to execute the laws through his
2 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

subordinate executive officers. By contrast, inferior
executive officers may be directly appointed by the
President or by the head of a department, such as by the
Secretary of HHS -- a more efficient and expeditious
process.
The Executive Branch under both President Trump and
President Biden has argued that the Preventive Services
Task Force members are inferior officers and therefore may
be appointed by the Secretary of HHS. We agree. The Task
Force members are removable at will by the Secretary of
HHS, and their recommendations are reviewable by the
Secretary before they take effect. So Task Force members
are supervised and directed by the Secretary, who in turn
answers to the President, preserving the chain of command
in Article II. See Edmond v. United States, (1997). Therefore, under Article II and this Court's
precedents, the Task Force members are inferior officers.
As a result, appointment of Task Force members by the
Secretary of HHS is consistent with the Appointments
Clause.
I
A
In 1984, the Department of Health and Human Services
created an advisory body known as the U. S. Preventive
Services Task Force. The Task Force formulates and
publishes evidence-based recommendations regarding
preventive healthcare services.
In 1999, Congress enacted legislation codifying the role of
the Task Force. See, 113 Stat. 1659. That legislation
established the Task Force as an entity within the Agency
for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ), which in
turn is an agency in the Public Health Service within HHS.
Under that 1999 statute, the Director of AHRQ
"convene[s]" the Task Force, which is "to be composed of
individuals with appropriate expertise." Ibid.; see 42
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

U. S. C. -- 4(a)(1). The Task Force reviews "the
scientific evidence related to the effectiveness,
appropriateness, and cost-effectiveness of clinical
preventive services for the purpose of developing
recommendations for the health care community." -- 
4(a)(1).
As presently constituted, the Task Force consists of 16
members who are now appointed by the Secretary of HHS
to staggered 4-year terms. Those members are "nationally
recognized experts in prevention, evidence-based medicine,
and primary care." App. 39. They include researchers,
professors, and practicing physicians with experience and
expertise in public health and across a wide range of
medical specialties. They serve on a volunteer basis, so
they are not paid by the Federal Government for their
service on the Task Force.
Preventive services "can help people avoid acute illness,
identify and treat chronic conditions, prevent cancer or lead
to earlier detection, and improve health." HHS, Issue
Brief -- Access to Preventive Services Without Cost-
Sharing: Evidence From the Affordable Care Act 1 (Jan.
2022). A wide range of individuals and organizations rely
on the Task Force's preventive-services recommendations.
They include "health care systems, professional societies,
employers," "Congress and other policy-makers,
governmental public health agencies," and those directly
"delivering clinical services," such as "primary care
professionals." -- 4(a)(1).
The Task Force develops recommendations through a
standardized process. It selects a topic to study, reviews
the relevant scientific evidence, formulates a draft
recommendation statement, takes public comments, and
then votes on the final recommendation.
The Task Force uses a letter grading system for its
recommendations. It assigns an "A" grade to services with
a high certainty of substantial net benefit and a "B" grade
4 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

to services with at least a moderate certainty of a moderate
net benefit. It also issues "C" and "D" grades to services
with little to no net benefit, and an "I" grade to services for
which the current evidence is "insufficient" to assess the
balance of benefits and harms. App. 46. The Task Force
can vote to change the grade that was assigned in a
previous recommendation.
The Task Force has given an "A" or "B" rating to more
than 40 preventive services. Those services include
screenings to detect lung, breast, cervical, and colorectal
cancer; risk-reducing medications for women at high risk of
breast cancer; nicotine patches for adults trying to quit
smoking; statin medications to reduce the risk of heart
disease and stroke; physical therapy to help the elderly
avoid falls; and diabetes screenings.
For many years after its initial creation in 1984 and
codification in 1999, the Task Force's recommendations
were purely advisory. That changed in 2010 when
Congress passed and President Obama signed the
Affordable Care Act. 124 Stat. 119. That Act requires most
health insurers and group health plans to cover certain
preventive services without cost sharing -- that is, without
imposing copayments, deductibles, or other charges on
patients.
Rather than set forth a fixed list, the Act tied coverage for
preventive services to the recommendations of several
entities within the Federal Government, including the
Preventive Services Task Force. Specifically, the Act
mandates no-cost coverage of "evidence-based items or
services that have in effect a rating of 'A' or 'B' in the
current recommendations" of the Task Force. -- 
13(a)(1).
After the Task Force makes an "A" or "B"
recommendation, the insurance coverage requirements for
that preventive service do not take effect immediately.
Rather, the law directs the Secretary of HHS to "establish
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

a minimum interval," not less than one year, between when
an "A" or "B" recommendation is issued by the Task Force
and when insurers must cover the recommended service
without cost sharing. -- 13(b). During that interval,
the Secretary can review the Task Force's recommendation
and block it from going into effect.
The Affordable Care Act also amended the statute
governing the Task Force to describe the Task Force as
"independent" and to provide that the members of the Task
Force and their recommendations "shall be independent
and, to the extent practicable, not subject to political
pressure." -- 4(a)(1), (6).
B
The question in this case is whether the Task Force
members were appointed in a manner consistent with the
Appointments Clause in Article II of the Constitution.,
cl. 2.
The plaintiffs are several individuals and small
businesses who object to the Affordable Care Act's
preventive-services coverage requirements. The lead
plaintiff, Braidwood Management, runs a health and
wellness center. It offers health-insurance coverage to its
approximately 70 employees through a self-insured plan.
Braidwood wants to exclude coverage for certain drugs and
to impose copays or deductibles for other covered services.
The plaintiffs -- collectively, Braidwood -- sued in the
U. S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas.
Braidwood argued that the structure of the Task Force
violated the Appointments Clause. In Braidwood's view,
Task Force members are principal officers who must be
appointed by the President "with the Advice and Consent of
the Senate." Ibid.
The District Court agreed. It recognized that there are
no statutory removal restrictions on Task Force members,
meaning that the Secretary of HHS may remove them at
6 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

will. But the court nonetheless concluded that Task Force
members are unconstitutionally appointed principal
officers because they "have no superior" who supervises and
directs them. Braidwood Mgmt. Inc. v. Becerra, 627
F. Supp. 3d 624, 646 (ND Tex. 2022). The court enjoined
the Government from enforcing against Braidwood any
insurance coverage mandates based on Task Force
recommendations issued after the 2010 enactment of the
Affordable Care Act.1
The Government appealed to the U. S. Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit. Until that point, the Task Force
members had been selected and appointed by the Director
of AHRQ, an agency within the Public Health Service of
HHS. But in June 2023, while the Government's appeal
was pending, the Secretary of HHS ratified the
appointments of the existing Task Force members and re-
appointed them on a prospective basis. And from then on,
the Secretary has continued to appoint Task Force
members.
The Fifth Circuit affirmed in relevant part. In a thorough
opinion, the court held that the Task Force members are
principal officers who must be appointed by the President
with the advice and consent of the Senate. Like the District
Court, the Fifth Circuit understood the Task Force
members to be removable at will by the Secretary of HHS.
But the Fifth Circuit concluded that the Secretary cannot
block Task Force recommendations before they take effect.
The court pointed to 42 U. S. C. -- 4(a)(6), which
provides that Task Force members "shall be independent
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Braidwood also brought a claim under the Religious Freedom

Restoration Act of 1993, 107 Stat. 1488, 42 U. S. C. et seq. It
prevailed on that claim and secured an injunction against enforcement
of the specific requirement that it cover certain HIV-prevention
medications without cost sharing. The Government did not appeal that
aspect of the District Court's judgment, and this Court's decision will not
affect the injunction premised on Braidwood's RFRA claim.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

and, to the extent practicable, not subject to political
pressure." The Task Force, according to the Fifth Circuit,
"cannot be 'independent' and free from 'political pressure'
on the one hand, and at the same time be supervised by the
HHS Secretary, a political appointee, on the other."
Braidwood Mgmt., Inc. v. Becerra, 104 F. 4th 930, 944
(2024). So the court concluded that the Task Force is not
supervised and directed by the Secretary -- and that Task
Force members are therefore principal officers and may not
be appointed by the Secretary.
We granted certiorari to consider whether appointment
of Task Force members by the Secretary of HHS violates
the Appointments Clause. 604 U. S. ___ (2025).
II
A
The Appointments Clause in Article II of the
Constitution specifies how "Officers of the United States,"
as distinct from employees, must be appointed., cl. 2. An
officer exercises " 'significant authority pursuant to the laws
of the United States.' " Lucia v. SEC, 
(2018). An employee, by contrast, does not exercise
significant governmental authority. See ibid.
The text of the Appointments Clause "very clearly divides
all its officers into two classes": principal officers and
inferior officers. United States v. Germaine, (1879). Here, all agree that the Preventive Services
Task Force members are officers. The question is whether
they are principal or inferior.
Principal officers must be appointed by the President
"with the Advice and Consent of the Senate." Art. II, cl. 2. The constitutionally mandated joint participation of
the President and Senate in the appointments process is
designed to promote "a judicious choice" for "filling the
offices of the Union." The Federalist No. 76, p. 455 (C.
Rossiter ed. 1961) (A. Hamilton). The President and the
8 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Senate are accountable " for both the making of a bad
appointment and the rejection of a good one. " Edmond v.
United States, (1997).
Inferior officers may also be appointed via Presidential
nomination and Senate confirmation. See Art. II, cl. 2.
The Framers, though, recognized that requiring all officers
of the Federal Government to run the gauntlet of
Presidential nomination and Senate confirmation would
prove administratively unworkable as offices became
"numerous" and "sudden removals" and prompt
replacements became "necessary." Germaine, 99 U. S., at
510. So on one of the last days of the Constitutional
Convention -- September 15, 1787 -- they authorized an
additional and streamlined method of appointment for
inferior officers. Specifically, Congress may "by Law vest"
appointment of inferior officers "in the President alone, in
the Courts of Law, or in the Heads of Departments." Art. II, cl. 2. Congress therefore may provide that inferior
executive officers be unilaterally appointed by the
President or a Head of Department.
The Appointments Clause is "more than a matter of
'etiquette or protocol' " -- it is "among the significant
structural safeguards of the constitutional scheme."
Edmond, 520 U. S., at 659. The Appointments Clause
ensures that the President or his subordinate Heads of
Departments play a central role in selecting the officers
within the Executive Branch who will assist in exercising
the "executive Power." Art. II, cl. 1. The Clause thereby
helps protect the independence of the Executive Branch and
maintain the Constitution's separation of powers.
How does a court determine whether an executive officer
is principal (and must be appointed by the President with
the advice and consent of the Senate) or inferior (and may
be appointed by the President or Head of Department
alone)?
Principal officers in the Executive Branch encompass at
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

least the Heads of Departments, who report directly to the
President. Examples include the Secretary of State,
Secretary of the Treasury, Secretary of Defense, and
Attorney General.
Inferior officers are most readily defined by their
relationship to principal officers. "Generally speaking,"
whether "one is an 'inferior' officer depends on whether he
has a superior" other than the President, Edmond, 520
U. S., at 662, and how much power the officer "exercises free
from control by a superior," United States v. Arthrex, Inc.,
(2021). In Edmond v. United States, the
Court summarized the governing principle: Inferior officers
are those "whose work is directed and supervised at some
level by others who were appointed by Presidential
nomination with the advice and consent of the Senate." 520
U. S., at 663.
As the author of Edmond, Justice Scalia, once explained:
"It is perfectly obvious" that the language in Article II
authorizing department heads to appoint inferior officers
"was intended merely to make clear... that those officers
appointed by the President with Senate approval could on
their own appoint their subordinates, who would, of course,
by chain of command still be under the direct control of the
President." Morrison v. Olson, -- 721
(1988) (Scalia, J., dissenting).
B
Before 2010, members of the Preventive Services Task
Force were not officers at all. The Task Force was an
advisory body, and the Task Force members made only non-
binding recommendations. As a result of the 2010
Affordable Care Act, however, the Task Force's "A" and "B"
recommended preventive services now must be covered by
health insurers at no cost to the insured. For that reason,
the parties here agree that the Task Force members
exercise significant governmental authority and qualify as
10 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

"officers" of the United States. They disagree, however,
over whether Task Force members are principal or inferior
officers.
We conclude that Task Force members are inferior
officers because their work is "directed and supervised" by
the Secretary of HHS, a principal officer. Edmond, 520
U. S., at 663. The Secretary's ability to direct and supervise
the Task Force derives from two main sources: the
Secretary's authority to remove Task Force members at
will; and the Secretary's authority to review and block the
Task Force's recommendations before they can take effect.
1
An officer such as a Task Force member who is removable
at will by a principal officer (here, by the Secretary of HHS)
typically qualifies as an inferior officer. So it is here.
This Court has said that the authority to remove an
officer at will is a "powerful tool for control." Edmond, 520
U. S., at 664; see Free Enterprise Fund v. Public Company
Accounting Oversight Bd., (2010). The
reason is straightforward: " 'Once an officer is appointed, it
is only the authority that can remove him, and not the
authority that appointed him, that he must fear and, in the
performance of his functions, obey.' " Bowsher v. Synar, (1986). An officer's " 'presumed desire to
avoid removal' " generally creates a " 'here-and-now
subservience.' " Id., at 727,. The prerogative of at-will
removal of a subordinate, then, often carries with it the
power to supervise and direct that subordinate. See
Intercollegiate Broadcasting System, Inc. v. Copyright
Royalty Bd., 684 F. 3d 1332, 1341 (CADC 2012) (Williams,
J.).
Historical practice supports treating an officer who is
removable at will by a principal officer as an inferior officer.
Since the Founding, Congress has routinely tied inferior-
officer status to at-will removability by Heads of
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

Departments. See Ex parte Hennen, 13 Pet. 230, 259 -- 260
(1839). For example, in designating the "chief Clerk in the
Department of Foreign Affairs" as an "inferior officer," the
First Congress made clear that the Clerk was "to be
employed" as the Secretary of Foreign Affairs "shall deem
proper." Act of July 27, 1789, ch. 4, 1 Stat. 29. The same
was true of the Chief Clerk of the Department of War. See
Act of Aug. 7, 1789, ch. 7, 1 Stat. 49 -- 50. In 1839 in Hennen,
this Court explained that the First Congress had bestowed
upon the Secretaries of various Departments the authority
to "appoint all necessary clerks"; that those clerks were
subject to at-will removal by the Secretaries; and that they
fell "under that class of inferior officers." 13 Pet., at 259 -- 
260; see, e.g., Act of Apr. 30, 1798, ch. 35, 1 Stat. 553 -- 554
(clerks to the Secretary of the Navy); see also, e.g., Act of
Sept. 2, 1789, ch. 12, 1 Stat. 65 (assistant to the Secretary
of the Treasury); Act of Feb. 20, 1792, ch. 7, 1 Stat. 234
(deputy postmasters).
On the other side of the ledger, Braidwood has not
identified any instance where an executive officer was
removable at will by someone other than the President and
nonetheless deemed a principal officer.
Here, because the Secretary of HHS appoints the Task
Force members, he also has the authority to remove the
Task Force members at will. See Braidwood Mgmt. Inc. v.
Becerra, 627 F. Supp. 3d 624, 647 (ND Tex. 2022);
Braidwood Mgmt., Inc. v. Becerra, 104 F. 4th 930, 943 (CA5
2024). When a statute empowers a department head to
appoint an officer, the default presumption is that the
officer holds his position "at the will and discretion of the
head of the department," even if "no power to remove is
expressly given." Hennen, 13 Pet., at 259 -- 260. That is
because the "power of removal of executive officers" is
"incident to the power of appointment." Myers v. United
States, (1926). As this Court recently
summarized in Free Enterprise Fund v. Public Company
12 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Accounting Oversight Board, when as here Congress vests
appointment of inferior officers in "heads of departments,"
"it is ordinarily the department head... who enjoys the
power of removal." 561 U. S., at 493.
The Secretary of HHS has the power to appoint (and has
appointed) the Task Force members. See Part III, infra.
And no statute restricts removal of Task Force members.
Therefore, "there can be no doubt" that the Secretary may
remove Task Force members at will. Hennen, 13 Pet., at
259.
The Secretary's authority to remove Task Force members
at will in turn enables him to supervise and direct them.
When a Task Force member makes a decision that the
Secretary disagrees with, the Secretary may remove that
member. In other words, the Secretary "may consider the
decision after its rendition as a reason for removing" the
Task Force member, "on the ground that the discretion
regularly entrusted to" that member "has not been on the
whole intelligently or wisely exercised." Myers, 272 U. S.,
at 135.
In addition, the Secretary can block a Task Force
recommendation from taking effect by combining his at-will
removal authority with his authority to determine when
Task Force recommendations become binding.
To explain: The Affordable Care Act expressly affords the
Secretary the power to "establish a minimum interval"
between when the Task Force issues an "A" or "B"
recommendation and when insurers must cover the
recommended service without cost sharing. 42 U. S. C.
-- 13(b)(1). Congress specified that the minimum
interval "shall not be less than 1 year," leaving the
Secretary with discretion to set a longer minimum interval.
-- 13(b)(2).
So during the minimum 1-year period after the Task
Force makes a recommendation before it becomes binding,
the Secretary can request that the Task Force reconsider or
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

withdraw a recommendation that he disfavors. He has
plenty of time to remove and replace Task Force members
who refuse. And he can then request that the reconstituted
Task Force modify or rescind the recommendation.
Therefore, in this statutory scheme, the Secretary can use
his at-will removal power to stop any preventive-services
recommendation contrary to his judgment from taking
effect.
In short, through the power to remove and replace Task
Force members at will, the Secretary can exert significant
control over the Task Force -- including by blocking
recommendations he does not agree with. The Secretary's
power to supervise and direct Task Force members in that
way is a strong indication that the Task Force members are
inferior officers.
2
Regardless of whether the Secretary's authority to
remove Task Force members at will suffices on its own to
render them inferior officers, the Secretary also has
statutory power to directly review and block Task Force
recommendations before they take effect. That power
confirms that the Task Force members are inferior officers.
At-will removal is one means of ensuring supervision and
direction. But in evaluating inferior-officer status, the
Court has also examined whether the relevant officer has
the "power to render a final decision on behalf of the United
States" without review by a principal officer. Edmond, 520
U. S., at 665.
That consideration has taken on particular importance in
assessing whether adjudicative officers are principal or
inferior. See id., at 664 -- 665; Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 13 -- 14.
If an adjudicative officer's decisions are reviewable by a
superior, then the officer may be considered inferior even if
not removable at will. See Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 16 -- 17; id.,
14 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

at 25 -- 26 (opinion of ROBERTS, C. J.).2
Here, the Secretary's power to supervise and direct the
Task Force members derives from more than simply at-will
removal authority. As explained, at-will removal provides
the Secretary with a means of ensuring that no
recommendation that he disapproves will take effect. But
the Secretary also has the statutory authority to directly
review -- and, if necessary, block -- Task Force
recommendations before they take effect. So members of
the Task Force cannot make any legally binding, final
decision on behalf of the United States if the Secretary
disagrees and wants to block it. As a result, the Secretary
retains ultimate responsibility over whether Task Force
recommendations become final decisions that mandate no-
cost coverage by health insurers.
To spell this out: A collection of statutes grants the
Secretary general supervisory authority over the Task
Force. That supervisory authority in turn enables the
Secretary to review and, if he chooses, directly block a
recommendation he disagrees with.
First, 42 U. S. C. provides that the Public Health
Service, which houses the Task Force, "shall be
administered... under the supervision and direction of the
Secretary."
Second, Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1966 grants the
Secretary authority to perform "all functions of the Public
Health Service" and its "officers," "employees," and
"agencies." 80 Stat. 1610.3
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Review by an Article III court does not render the adjudicative officer

inferior; it is review by a superior within the Executive Branch that does
so. See Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 17.
3 Braidwood contends that the Reorganization Plan does not apply to

the Task Force because the Plan contains an exception for "the functions
vested by law in any advisory council, board, or committee of or in the
Public Health Service." 80 Stat. 1610. That is incorrect. As Braidwood
itself has explained, the Task Force "ceased to be an advisory committee"
in 2010 "when Congress enacted" the Affordable Care Act and
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

Third, 42 U. S. C. -- 92 states that the Secretary
"may promulgate such regulations as may be necessary or
appropriate to carry out the provisions of this
subchapter" -- including the section of the Affordable Care
Act that requires no-cost coverage of Task Force "A" and "B"
recommendations.
The Affordable Care Act mandates coverage without cost
sharing of "evidence-based items or services that have in
effect a rating of 'A' or 'B' " from the Task Force. -- 
13(a)(1). During the minimum 1-year
interval, the Secretary can use his general supervisory
authority under and Reorganization Plan No. 3 to
direct that the Task Force's recommendation not be "in
effect" and therefore not be binding on health insurers.
Moreover, the Secretary can use his rulemaking authority
under -- 92 to establish a formal review process. For
example, the Secretary can issue a regulation providing
that no Task Force recommendation shall be deemed "in
effect" until he or his designee has affirmatively reviewed
and approved it.4
Taken together, those complementary review authorities
ensure that the Task Force members "have no power to
render a final decision on behalf of the United States unless

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
"empowered" the Task Force to issue binding recommendations. App.
25. Task Force members are officers because, by operation of the ACA,
their "A" and "B" recommendations are not purely advisory. And
Congress has confirmed that the post-ACA Task Force is not an advisory
entity by expressly providing that "the Task Force is not subject to" the
Federal Advisory Committee Act. 42 U. S. C. -- 4(a)(5) (2018 ed.,
Supp. IV).
4 The body within HHS assigned to recommend immunization coverage

requirements under the Affordable Care Act -- the Advisory Committee
on Immunization Practices -- already operates under such a regulation.
The regulation states that a recommendation of the Committee is not
"considered in effect" until "it has been adopted by" the Director of the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, who answers to the
Secretary of HHS. 45 CFR.130(a)(1)(ii) (2024).
16 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

permitted to do so by" the Secretary of HHS. Edmond, 520
U. S., at 665. To be clear, to supervise and direct for
purposes of the Appointments Clause, the Secretary "need
not review every decision." Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 27.
Rather, "[w]hat matters is that" the Secretary "have the
discretion to review decisions rendered by" the Task Force.
Ibid.. Under the statutory provisions
described above, the Secretary possesses that authority.5
C
Given the multiple and mutually reinforcing means by
which the Secretary of HHS can supervise and direct the
Task Force -- namely, both the general authority to remove
Task Force members at will and the more specific statutory
authority to review and block their recommendations before
they take effect -- this Court's precedents preordain the
conclusion that the Task Force members are inferior
officers.
In Edmond v. United States, the Court ruled that judges
of the Coast Guard Court of Criminal Appeals were inferior
officers. See 520 U. S., at 666. In reaching that conclusion,

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The dissent asserts that and the Reorganization Plan are

inapplicable because those statutes give the Secretary authority over the
Public Health Service, and the Task Force is not part of the Public Health
Service at all. Post, at 33 -- 34 (opinion of THOMAS, J.). At oral argument,
the Government succinctly summed up why the dissent's position is
incorrect: "[W]hen you have an entity that's convened by the Public
Health Service, selected by the Public Health Service, supervised by the
Public Health Service, and supported by the Public Health Service, it's
part of the Public Health Service." Tr. of Oral Arg. 34; see also post, at 5
(The "AHRQ," which "is part of the Public Health Service," is
"responsib[le] for the Task Force"). No doubt that is why the provisions
governing the Task Force are housed within the chapter of the U. S. Code
entitled "Public Health Service." See 42 U. S. C. ch. 6A. Braidwood does
not even try to claim that the Task Force falls outside of the Public
Health Service -- on the contrary, it concedes that, from the outset, the
Task Force has been established as an entity "within the Public Health
Service." Supp. Brief for Respondents 1; Brief for Respondents 34 -- 35.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

the Court emphasized that (i) the Judge Advocate General,
who exercised administrative oversight over the judges,
could remove them at will and (ii) the Court of Appeals for
the Armed Forces could review and reverse their decisions.
See id., at 664 -- 665. The Court reached that inferior-officer
conclusion even though, pursuant to the Uniform Code of
Military Justice, no superior could "attempt to influence (by
threat of removal or otherwise) the outcome of individual
proceedings" conducted by the Coast Guard judges. Id., at
664.
Like the Coast Guard judges in Edmond, the Task Force
members here are removable at will and their decisions can
be reviewed and overruled by a superior -- here, the
Secretary of HHS. Therefore, the result in this case follows
a fortiori from Edmond.
In Free Enterprise Fund, the Court considered whether
members of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board were inferior officers. See 561 U. S., at 510. After
finding the members of the PCAOB removable at will by the
Securities and Exchange Commission, the Court concluded
that PCAOB members were inferior officers. See id., at
508 -- 510. The fact that the PCAOB was nonetheless
"empowered to take significant enforcement actions...
largely independently of the Commission" was no barrier to
that conclusion. Id., at 504.
In this case, the Task Force members are removable at
will, just as the PCAOB members were. And Task Force
members have no greater power than PCAOB members did
to independently make final, binding decisions. So the
result in this case also follows directly from Free Enterprise
Fund.
And in United States v. Arthrex, after ensuring that the
Director of the Patent and Trademark Office had authority
to review final decisions issued by Administrative Patent
Judges, the Court deemed those judges to be inferior
officers -- even though they were removable only for cause
18 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

and thus insulated from at-will removal. See 594 U. S., at
16 -- 17; id., at 25 -- 26 (opinion of ROBERTS, C. J).
If the patent judges in Arthrex, whose decisions were
reviewable but who were not removable at will, were
inferior officers, then there can be no doubt that the Task
Force members, who are subject to both forms of control,
are inferior officers.
In sum, considering the Secretary's removal and review
authorities together, the inferior-officer issue is quite
straightforward under Edmond, Free Enterprise Fund, and
Arthrex. In light of those precedents, "we have no
hesitation in concluding" that Task Force members are
inferior officers whose appointment by the Secretary of
HHS is permissible under the Appointments Clause. Free
Enterprise Fund, 561 U. S., at 510.
D
On three separate grounds, Braidwood resists the
conclusion that Task Force members are inferior officers.
First, Braidwood claims that Task Force members cannot
be removed at will. Second, Braidwood contends that Task
Force members exercise unreviewable authority in making
preventive-services recommendations. Third, Braidwood
posits that Task Force members cannot be inferior officers
because the Secretary lacks power to compel the Task Force
to issue a particular recommendation, as opposed to power
to block a recommendation. None of the three arguments
is persuasive.
1
Braidwood first claims that the Secretary cannot remove
Task Force members at will. It rests that argument on 42
U. S. C. -- 4(a)(6). That provision states that Task
Force members and their recommendations shall be
"independent and, to the extent practicable, not subject to
political pressure." See also -- 4(a)(1) (" The Director
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

shall convene an independent Preventive Services Task
Force").
According to Braidwood, it is impossible for Task Force
members to be "independent" if they are also removable at
will. So they must not be removable at will, Braidwood
reasons.
In essence, Braidwood invites the Court to read a for-
cause removal restriction into a statute that does not
explicitly provide for one. We decline to do so. The Court
has said that to "take away" the power of at-will removal
from an appointing officer, Congress must use "very clear
and explicit language." Shurtleff v. United States, (1903); see Hennen, 13 Pet., at 259 -- 260. "[M]ere
inference or implication" does not suffice. Shurtleff, 189
U. S., at 315.
When Congress wants to depart from the default of at-
will removability and instead furnish for-cause protection,
it knows how to do so. In many statutes, Congress has
specified that officers shall be removed only for good cause,
often using a formulation like "inefficiency, neglect of duty,
or malfeasance in office." 15 U. S. C. (Federal Trade
Commissioners); 42 U. S. C. (1) (Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission members); 49 U. S. C. (3)
(Surface Transportation Board members); see also Arthrex,
594 U. S., at 17 (Patent judges may be removed only " 'for
such cause as will promote the efficiency of the service' "
)).
In fact, Congress has done so with respect to members of
other bodies that, like the Task Force, are within the Public
Health Service of HHS: Ethics board members who review
research involving human subjects may be removed only
"for neglect of duty or malfeasance or for other good cause
shown." 42 U. S. C. -- 1(b)(5)(E). Notably, however,
Congress did not employ that kind of language in the
statute governing the Task Force.
Braidwood nonetheless suggests that the term
20 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

"independent" in this statute suffices to displace the default
of at-will removal. But this Court already rejected that
move in Collins v. Yellen. There, the challengers argued
that the Acting Director of the Federal Housing Finance
Agency must have been removable only for cause because
Congress described the agency as " 'independent.' " (2021) ;
emphasis deleted). The Court disagreed, concluding that
the challengers read "far too much into the term
'independent.' " 594 U. S., at 248. The Court explained that
"Congress has described many agencies as 'independent'
without imposing any restriction on the President's power
to remove the agency's leadership." Id., at 249.
Given Collins, Braidwood's argument based on the term
"independent" falls short. The word "independent" alone in
a statute does not make an officer removable only for cause.
Rather, Congress must speak clearly if it wishes to insulate
officers from at-will removal. It has not done so here.
2
Next, Braidwood insists that the Task Force members
cannot be inferior officers because, in Braidwood's view,
they exercise unreviewable authority in making final
recommendations that are binding on health insurers. In
other words, Braidwood contends that the Secretary cannot
prevent the Task Force's "A" and "B" recommendations
from taking effect, and that the Task Force members are
therefore not inferior officers.
The premise is wrong. As we have explained, the
Secretary in fact has authority to review the Task Force's
recommendations and can block them from taking effect.
Braidwood's argument to the contrary is, essentially, just
another version of its first argument. Braidwood again falls
back on the independence provision. Braidwood claims that
-- 4(a)(6)'s requirement that Task Force members be
"independent and, to the extent practicable, not subject to
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of the Court

political pressure" must mean that the Task Force is
completely insulated from the Secretary. As Braidwood
sees it, the Task Force's recommendations cannot be
"independent" or free from "political pressure" if the
Secretary can review and block them. We disagree for two
distinct reasons.
First, the requirement that Task Force members be
"independent" is best read to mean that Task Force
members must not be unduly influenced by their outside
affiliations. Task Force members hail from universities,
hospitals, and professional associations. The requirement
that they be "independent" instructs them not to act as
mere agents or representatives of those outside entities.
See Brief for United States 32 (members "must not regard
themselves as mere representatives of the organizations or
professions in which they serve"); Brief for State of Illinois
et al. as Amici Curiae 13 (the provision ensures that
members are not "operating at the behest of external
entities" given their "professional and organizational ties").
To reinforce that critical aspect of independence, Task
Force members are subject to rigorous conflict-of-interest
rules. See App. 42 -- 44. The stated purpose of those rules is
to protect the public's "confidence in the integrity of the
process by which the Task Force makes its
recommendations." Id., at 42.
Moreover, it would not make sense to read "independent"
in -- 4(a)(6) more broadly to also mean insulation from
politically accountable superiors. That is because the
remainder of -- 4(a)(6) expressly provides that Task
Force members shall be, "to the extent practicable, not
subject to political pressure." (Emphasis added.) Congress
therefore plainly contemplated that insulation from all
political pressure would be impracticable. So to read the
term "independent" to mean that Task Force members
must be entirely shielded from political pressure would
nullify Congress's purposeful choice of language -- "to the
22 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

extent practicable" -- in the remainder of the provision.
-- 4(a)(6). Where one reading of part of a statutory
provision "deprives another" part "of all independent effect"
and another reading "leaves both... with some
independent operation," we generally prefer the latter. A.
Scalia & B. Garner, Reading Law: The Interpretation of
Legal Texts 176 (2012).
Second, even if we were to interpret "independent" to
apply to political pressure, the phrase "independent and, to
the extent practicable, not subject to political pressure"
would mean only that Task Force members are generally
free from the Secretary's influence in their formulation of
recommendations in the first instance. The Secretary
would still retain power to review and block
recommendations in the minimum 1-year period before the
recommendations take effect.
Braidwood disagrees. It contends that the Secretary's
only power with respect to the Task Force's
recommendations is to determine when they take effect. It
says that -- 13 makes the Task Force's
recommendations binding after the minimum 1-year
interval regardless of what the Secretary does. But that
understanding of the statute cannot be squared with the
provisions discussed above that give the Secretary general
supervisory authority over the Task Force.
So given the Secretary's review authority, Congress's
instruction that Task Force members and their
recommendations be "independent and, to the extent
practicable, not subject to political pressure" means at most
that Task Force members can exercise independent
judgment in generating recommendations on the front
end -- in the same way that the Coast Guard judges in
Edmond and the patent judges in Arthrex made initial
adjudicative decisions free from direction by superiors.
In that way, the Task Force's operation vis-à-vis the
Secretary is entirely consistent with Congress's
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

Opinion of the Court

longstanding practice -- reflected in Edmond and Arthrex -- 
of authorizing inferior-officer adjudicators in the Executive
Branch to make initial, independent decisions that are only
then subject to review by a superior officer. The "modern
federal hearing examiner or administrative law judge"
generally "exercises his independent judgment on the
evidence before him, free from pressures by the parties or
other officials within the agency." Butz v. Economou, (1978). But "it certainly is the norm for
principal officers to have the capacity to review decisions
made by inferior adjudicative officers." Arthrex, 594 U. S.,
at 20 (quotation marks omitted). That is the "almost-
universal model of adjudication in the Executive Branch."
Id., at 25 (opinion of ROBERTS, C. J.). Indeed, the
Administrative Procedure Act expressly provides for
agency-head review of initial decisions made by Executive
Branch adjudicators in 5 U. S. C.. And " 'higher-
level agency reconsideration' by the agency head is the
standard way to maintain political accountability and
effective oversight for adjudication that takes place outside
the confines of." Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 20 ); see also
Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 20 ).
The fact that a wide range of administrative law judges
and other inferior-officer adjudicators throughout the
Executive Branch make independent decisions in the first
instance that are only later reviewable by politically
accountable superiors reinforces the conclusion that Task
Force members, whose function at the very least accords
with that practice, are inferior officers. Under the
Appointments Clause, Congress may permissibly provide
for an initial "impartial decision by a panel of experts" who
are appointed by a department head, followed by a final
"transparent decision for which a politically accountable
24 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

officer must take responsibility." Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 16.
The structure of the Task Force preserves both expertise
and accountability.
Finally, even if we perceived ambiguity in how -- 
4(a)(6)'s language regarding independence and freedom
from political pressure should be construed, constitutional
avoidance would counsel against adopting Braidwood's
expansive interpretation. We should not read the statute
in a way that makes the current method of appointment -- 
by the Secretary -- unconstitutional if we can reasonably
read it otherwise. We have applied that constitutional-
avoidance principle in similar Appointments Clause cases.
See, e.g., Edmond, 520 U. S., at 658. As this Court
explained in Edmond, "we must of course avoid" reading
the statute "in a manner that would render it clearly
unconstitutional" when "there is another reasonable
interpretation available." Ibid.
An interpretation of -- 4(a)(6) under which the Task
Force members exercise independent judgment in
formulating recommendations, but the Secretary maintains
authority to review and block them before they take effect
is at the very least a reasonable one. Under that
interpretation, the Task Force's operation is akin to the
longstanding model of agency adjudications. See id., at
664 -- 665; Arthrex, 594 U. S., at 19 -- 20. And that reading
avoids making the statute's method of appointment to the
Task Force -- that is, appointment by the Secretary -- 
unconstitutional. So to steer clear of unconstitutionality,
we would adopt that interpretation even if the statute's
references to "independent" and "to the extent practicable,
not subject to political pressure" created ambiguity as to
what powers the Secretary possesses to review and block
the Task Force's recommendations. -- 4(a)(6).
3
Braidwood's third argument is that Task Force members
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

Opinion of the Court

are not inferior officers because, even assuming that the
Secretary can review and block recommendations, the
Secretary cannot directly compel the Task Force to make an
"A" or "B" recommendation in the first place.
To begin with, in light of the Secretary's at-will removal
power, he could in effect require the Task Force to make
certain recommendations -- at least in some situations. See
-- 4(a)(6) (Task Force "not subject to political pressure"
but only "to the extent practicable"). Specifically, if the
circumstances so warranted, the Secretary could remove
and replace members of the Task Force who were unwilling
to assign an "A" or "B" recommendation to a particular
service.
In any event, even assuming that Braidwood's argument
on this point is correct, that would not affect the Task Force
members' inferior-officer status.
For one thing, when the Task Force declines to issue an
"A" or "B" recommendation, there is less cause for concern
about executive officers exercising significant
governmental authority without adequate supervision and
direction. That is because when the Task Force decides not
to issue an "A" or "B" recommendation, the Government is
not regulating private parties: Health insurers are free to
cover or not cover the preventive service at issue as they
wish. Congress made that freedom of choice explicit in the
statute: "Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to
prohibit a plan or issuer from providing coverage for
services in addition to those recommended by" the Task
Force "or to deny coverage for services that are not
recommended by such Task Force." -- 13(a).
More fundamentally, this Court has not suggested that a
principal officer must be able to compel a subordinate to
take an affirmative act affecting private parties in order for
the subordinate to qualify as an inferior officer. On the
contrary, the Court essentially held the opposite in Free
Enterprise Fund. There, the Court recognized that the
26 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Securities and Exchange Commission lacked the power to
require the PCAOB to "start" individual investigations. 561
U. S., at 504. That was no impediment to this Court's
concluding that the PCAOB members were inferior officers.
Similarly, in Edmond, the Judge Advocate General and
Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces could not compel the
Coast Guard judges to make a particular decision in the
first instance. See 520 U. S., at 664 -- 665. Nor could the
Director of the Patent and Trademark Office exercise that
kind of power over the patent judges in Arthrex. See 594
U. S., at 8 -- 9; id., at 25 -- 26 (opinion of ROBERTS, C. J.). The
Coast Guard and patent judges were nonetheless
considered inferior officers.
Here, even if the Secretary cannot directly order the Task
Force to formulate an "A" or "B" recommendation, that does
not undermine the inferior-officer status of the Task Force
members.
4
In essence, Braidwood urges this Court to read the
relevant statutes as having created an independent
agency -- the U. S. Preventive Services Task Force -- whose
members wield unchecked power in making preventive-
services recommendations of great consequence for the
healthcare and health-insurance industries and the
American people more broadly. At oral argument,
Braidwood went so far as to assert that, with respect to
preventive-services recommendations, the Task Force
members are "more powerful than the Secretary of HHS or
the President." Tr. of Oral Arg. 101.
It would be odd, however, for this Court to attribute to
Congress the intent to create such a powerful independent
agency -- whose members would therefore require
Presidential nomination and Senate confirmation -- when
the text of the statute says nothing of the sort.
When Congress wants to create an independent agency,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 27

Opinion of the Court

it generally does so by explicitly conferring for-cause
removal protection on the agency's leadership. See Part II -- 
D -- 1, supra. And Congress usually couples that express for-
cause protection from removal with an express statement
that those agency heads shall be nominated by the
President and confirmed by the Senate. See, e.g., 15
U. S. C. (The Federal Trade Commission "shall be
composed of five Commissioners, who shall be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate"); 42 U. S. C. (The Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission "shall be composed of five members
appointed by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate"); 49 U. S. C. (1) (The Surface
Transportation Board "shall consist of 5 members, to be
appointed by the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate").
The statute establishing the Task Force contains none of
that customary language -- either with respect to for-cause
removal or appointment by the President with the advice
and consent of the Senate. That silence speaks volumes.
Contrary to the argument advanced by Braidwood, we will
not judicially construct a powerful new independent agency
that Congress and the President did not themselves
establish by statute.
III
Braidwood contends that even if Task Force members are
inferior officers, their appointments were nonetheless
unconstitutional. Since June 2023, after questions arose
about the AHRQ Director's appointment of the Task Force
members, the Secretary of HHS has appointed all Task
Force members, including by re-appointing those who were
already serving. But Braidwood says that the Secretary
lacks statutory authority to make appointments to the Task
Force, which in turn would create a separate Appointments
Clause problem. The dissent advances a version of the
28 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

same argument.
Under the Appointments Clause, "Congress may by Law
vest the Appointment of " inferior officers "in the Heads of
Departments." Art. II, cl. 2.
According to Braidwood and the dissent, though, Congress
has not vested the authority to appoint Task Force
members in the Secretary of HHS, the relevant Head of
Department. Braidwood and the dissent maintain that,
given the absence of any statutory authorization for the
Secretary to appoint, Task Force members must be
appointed by Presidential nomination and Senate
confirmation.
We disagree. Congress has, in two steps, expressly vested
the Secretary of HHS with the authority to appoint Task
Force members. First, in 1999, when Congress codified the
Task Force, Congress authorized the Director of the Agency
for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) to appoint
members of the Task Force. Second, Reorganization Plan
No. 3 of 1966 transfers all of the AHRQ Director's functions
to the Secretary. Congress ratified that Reorganization
Plan in 1984. So in 1999, when Congress gave the AHRQ
Director the authority to appoint Task Force members, that
authority vested in the Secretary.
Beginning in June 2023, the Secretary has exercised that
statutory authority to appoint the Task Force members.
Therefore, since June 2023, all Task Force members
(including the ones who already held office as of that date)
have been appointed by the Secretary of HHS pursuant to
a law enacted by Congress -- and thus they have been
appointed in a manner consistent with the "Congress may
by Law vest" requirement of the Appointments Clause.
Art. II, cl. 2.
A
1
The statute governing the Task Force, as originally
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 29

Opinion of the Court

enacted in 1999 and amended in 2010, authorizes the
AHRQ Director to appoint the Task Force members. See, 113 Stat. 1659; 124 Stat. 541 -- 542. That statute
provides that the Director "shall convene" a Task Force "to
be composed of individuals with appropriate expertise." 42
U. S. C. -- 4(a)(1).
To be sure, the statute does not use the term "appoint."
But Congress need not use magic words to confer
appointment authority. Around the time of the Founding,
"the verb 'appoint' " was synonymous with " 'allot, assign, or
designate.' " NLRB v. SW General, Inc., -- 
313 (2017) (THOMAS, J., concurring) ); see Al Bahlul v. United States, 967 F. 3d 858, 863,
873 -- 874 (CADC 2020) (holding that statute permitting the
Secretary of Defense to "designate" an officer responsible
for convening military commissions vested the Secretary
with authority to "appoint" the convening officer ); post, at 11 (opinion of THOMAS, J.) (A
"statute giving" a department head "authority to assign a
person" to an office satisfies the Appointments Clause
).
Depending on context, other terms like "direct" that are
perhaps less obviously synonymous with "appoint" may also
suffice to confer appointment authority -- and that may be
so even if the same statute uses the term "appoint" with
respect to other officers. See SW General, Inc., 580 U. S., at
312 (THOMAS, J., concurring) (concluding that when the
President " 'direct[s]' " someone to " 'perform the functions
and duties' " of an office temporarily, "he is 'appoint[ing]'
that person as an 'officer of the United States' within the
meaning of the Appointments Clause" even though the
statute refers to "appointment[s]" to the same offices, 5
U. S. C. ).
More to the point, the AHRQ Director's power to
"convene" is naturally read to include the power to appoint
30 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

in this specific context. Of course, "convene" in the abstract
could mean to merely "call together" or "assemble." Supp.
Brief for Respondents 4 (quotation marks omitted). But
where as here there is no separate statutory provision
specifying who is to appoint the individuals to be called
together or assembled, the obvious conclusion is that the
person with the power to convene is also the person with
the power to appoint. That is especially so when the person
charged with convening is required to ensure that members
of the body to be convened meet certain qualifications, such
as "appropriate expertise." -- 4(a)(1).
Congress has elsewhere used the term "convene" to
authorize an official to both assemble a body and select its
members. For example, 10 U. S. C. states: "Military
commissions under this chapter may be convened by the
Secretary of Defense or by any officer or official of the
United States designated by the Secretary for that
purpose." That statute contains no provision using the
term "appoint." Therefore, -- along with a
neighboring provision that also uses a term other than
"appoint" (namely, "detail") -- has been read to authorize the
Secretary of Defense or his designee to appoint commission
members. See Al Bahlul, 967 F. 3d, at 863 -- 864; see also
("When convening a military commission under
this chapter, the convening authority shall detail" eligible
"members of the armed forces"); see also, e.g., 10 U. S. C.
("The Secretary of the military department
concerned shall convene a board of inquiry" to "be composed
of not less than three officers" with specified
"qualifications"); 14 U. S. C. ("The Secretary shall
convene a Coast Guard Reserve Policy Board," and at "least
one-half of the members of the Board shall be Reserve
officers"); 33 U. S. C. (The Secretary of Commerce
"shall convene a personnel board" which "shall consist of
not less than five officers" of a certain "grade").
On the flip side, when Congress wants to decouple the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 31

Opinion of the Court

power to convene from the power to appoint, it has done so
explicitly. Consider 15 U. S. C. (2)(A), which
provides that "the Chief Counsel for Advocacy" within the
Small Business Administration "shall convene an
Interagency Working Group" but then states that the
Working Group shall be composed of representatives from
particular agencies "as selected by the head of the agency."
See also, e.g., 20 U. S. C. -- 2(a), (b) (The Secretary of
Education "shall convene an ad hoc arbitration panel" with
three members "appointed" by others); 50 U. S. C., (d) (2018 ed., Supp. II) ("The Director of National
Intelligence shall convene meetings of the Joint Intelligence
Community Council" with membership of the Council
specified in the law itself ).
The statute setting up the Task Force is more like the
former set of statutes than the latter. So in context, the
AHRQ Director's power to "convene" naturally
encompasses the power to appoint.
Not surprisingly, the Executive Branch's actions for the
last 26 years, since the 1999 codification of the Task Force,
have reflected that straightforward interpretation of the
statute -- without any apparent objection from Congress.
For those 26 years, the relevant government actors have
always read the authorization to "convene" the Task Force
to include the power to appoint the Task Force members.
That considered and consistent Executive Branch
practice -- which began contemporaneously with enactment
of the statute codifying the Task Force in 1999 -- buttresses
the ordinary meaning and natural interpretation of the
term "convene" in the statute. See Loper Bright Enterprises
v. Raimondo, (2024); see also Bondi v.
VanDerStok, 604 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2025) ( -- 
21).
2
Of course, if the statute vested the power to appoint Task
32 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Force members in the AHRQ Director alone, a
constitutional problem would exist. Not in 1999 when the
"convene" provision was enacted and the Task Force's
recommendations were still advisory -- at that point, the
Task Force members were mere employees who could be
appointed by the AHRQ Director. But there would be a
problem beginning in 2010 after the Affordable Care Act
was enacted. Starting then, the Task Force's "A" and "B"
recommendations were no longer merely advisory. Rather,
health insurers had to begin covering those recommended
services at no cost to the insured. So after the Affordable
Care Act, the Task Force members were officers, not just
employees. And as inferior officers, they could be appointed
by the Secretary, who is a Head of Department, but not by
the AHRQ Director. In short, since 2010, the Appointments
Clause has required that the Task Force members be
appointed by the Secretary of HHS.
As the Government explains, however, Congress itself
solved the potential constitutional issue that arose in 2010.
See Supp. Brief for United States 5. Specifically,
Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1966, which was ratified by
Congress in 1984, transfers all authority of the AHRQ
Director to the Secretary. So under Reorganization Plan
No. 3, the AHRQ Director's power to appoint the Task Force
members was transferred to the Secretary. That means the
Secretary possesses the authority to appoint the Task Force
members. And the Secretary has exercised that
appointment authority.
To explain the background a bit more fully: The
Reorganization Act of 1949 charged the President with
examining "the organization of all agencies of the
Government.", 63 Stat. 203. That Act authorized the
President to prepare reorganization plans when he
determined that "the transfer of the whole or any part of
any agency" or its "functions" "to the jurisdiction and
control of any other agency" was necessary., id., at 203;
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 33

Opinion of the Court

see id., at 204.
In 1966, acting pursuant to the 1949 Act, President
Lyndon Johnson issued Reorganization Plan No. 3. Before
1966, the Public Health Service was separate from the
Department of Health and Human Services, then known as
the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (HEW).
See Public Papers of the Presidents, Lyndon B. Johnson,
Vol. I, Apr. 25, 1966, p. 455 (1967). But in 1966,
Reorganization Plan No. 3 transferred to the Secretary of
HHS (then HEW) "all functions of the Public Health
Service" and its "officers and employees" as well as "all
functions of all agencies of or in the Public Health Service."
80 Stat. 1610.
In 1984, Congress passed and President Reagan signed
legislation that ratified and affirmed Reorganization Plan
No. 3 "as law." 98 Stat. 2705.
The AHRQ is an agency "of or in the Public Health
Service," and the AHRQ Director is an "officer" of the Public
Health Service. 80 Stat. 1610; see 42 U. S. C.. So
Reorganization Plan No. 3 "transfer[s]" all of the AHRQ
Director's functions to the Secretary of HHS. 80 Stat. 1610.
As the Government stated at oral argument here, under
Reorganization Plan No. 3, "all of the Director's powers are
the Secretary's powers." Tr. of Oral Arg. 110.
After statutory codification of the Task Force in 1999,
those powers of the Secretary included the AHRQ Director's
power to appoint the Task Force members. Therefore, by
virtue of the 1984 Act ratifying Reorganization Plan No. 3
and the 1999 Act conferring appointment authority,
Congress vested the power to appoint Task Force members
in the Secretary of HHS.6
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 That is not to say that the Secretary must personally perform every

function assigned by Congress to the Public Health Service and
transferred to the Secretary by operation of Reorganization Plan No. 3.
With respect to most functions, the Secretary may delegate responsibility
to carry out the function back to the Public Health Service. See, 80
34 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

To be sure, Congress could have vested the Secretary
with appointment authority in more direct ways. But given
that the Appointments Clause question arose only in 2010
when the Task Force recommendations became binding and
Task Force members became officers under the Affordable
Care Act, it is no surprise that the 1999 statute did not
expressly name the Secretary.
Moreover, this Court has upheld as consistent with the
Appointments Clause statutory schemes that less directly
vest appointment authority in the Head of Department.
For example, in Free Enterprise Fund v. Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board, the Court stated that it had
"previously found that the department head's approval" of
an inferior officer's appointment of another inferior officer
"satisfies the Appointments Clause.",
(2010). For that proposition, the Court cited with
approval United States v. Hartwell, 6 Wall. 385 (1868). In
Hartwell, the Court considered a statute that authorized
"the assistant treasurer, at Boston, with the approbation of
the Secretary of the Treasury, to appoint a specified
number of clerks." Id., at 393. The Hartwell Court explicitly blessed that
arrangement, holding that the clerks were "appointed by
the head of a department within the meaning of the
constitutional provision." 6 Wall., at 393 -- 394.
The appointment scheme at issue in this case more
clearly vests appointment authority in the department
head (the Secretary of HHS) than did the statute in
Hartwell, the validity of which the Court affirmed in Free
Enterprise Fund. See 561 U. S., at 512,. In Hartwell, the Secretary could only approve
or disapprove appointments proposed and carried out by

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Stat. 1610. But where the Constitution requires that the Secretary
personally perform a particular function, like appointing the Task Force
members, delegation is not an option.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 35

Opinion of the Court

the assistant treasurer. So the assistant treasurer could
frustrate the Secretary's ability to appoint clerks of his
choosing simply by refusing to propose their appointment.
Nonetheless, the Court concluded that the statute vested
authority to appoint the clerks in the Secretary. Here,
Reorganization Plan No. 3 grants the Secretary the power
to stand in the shoes of the AHRQ Director and himself
appoint the Task Force members -- far more direct
appointment authority than existed in Hartwell.
B
Braidwood and the dissent push back against the
conclusion that Congress has by law vested the Secretary
with appointment authority. They argue that the statute
governing the Task Force actually does not grant
appointment authority to the AHRQ Director. And they
contend that even assuming that it does so, no statute
"vests" such authority in the Secretary.
1
Braidwood first asserts that the 1999 statute codifying
the Task Force simply says "convene" and is therefore
actually "agnostic" about who should appoint the Task
Force members. Brief for Respondents 22; see Tr. of Oral
Arg. 59 -- 61. In other words, Braidwood claims that
"Congress has not 'vested' the appointment of the Task
Force in anyone." Supp. Brief for Respondents 1. As Braidwood sees it, Congress did not care -- either
in 1999 when it codified the Task Force or in 2010 when it
made the Task Force's recommendations legally binding -- 
whether the Task Force members are appointed by the
AHRQ Director, the Secretary of HHS, the President, the
Secretary of Energy, a private party, or anyone else. See
Tr. of Oral Arg. 59. And Braidwood detects no problem with
a statute under which multiple different officials or entities
could all purport to appoint members of the Task Force.
36 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

Braidwood suggests that the AHRQ Director, the Secretary
of HHS, or the President could simply step in to announce
which collection of individuals is the "real" Task Force. See
Supp. Brief for Respondents 5,.
We will not read the statute to usher in such a bizarre
and half-baked scheme. It is implausible to conclude that
Congress in 1999 established the Task Force and in 2010
charged its members with making legally binding
healthcare recommendations -- but was entirely indifferent
as to who would appoint those members. Tellingly,
Braidwood has failed to identify any other statute that
establishes a government entity but is entirely agnostic
about who will select the members of that government
entity. The far more sensible reading of the Task Force
statute is the Government's: that in 1999, in authorizing
the AHRQ Director to "convene" a Task Force composed of
members with "appropriate expertise," Congress also
charged the Director with selecting those members. Supp.
Brief for United States 2 -- 3 (1)).
The dissent, for its part, cannot bring itself to endorse
Braidwood's farfetched theory. But it nonetheless asserts
that we should not read "convene" to mean "appoint"
because the Appointments Clause supplies a default rule
for how inferior officers should be appointed: by the
President with Senate confirmation. But -- 4(a)(1),
together with Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1966 as ratified
by Congress in 1984, expressly vests appointment authority
in the Secretary and therefore displaces any such default
rule.
The dissent all but concedes that between 1999 and
2010 -- before the Task Force members were officers and
therefore before the Appointments Clause was relevant -- 
the statutory authorization to "convene" was best read to
confer appointment authority. See post, at 23; see also post,
at 22 (When "no other provision addresses how the group's
members are named because the Appointments Clause does
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 37

Opinion of the Court

not apply," the "authority to 'convene' " confers appointment
authority). But according to the dissent, the meaning of the
statute suddenly changed in 2010 after the enactment of
the Affordable Care Act. The problem with that theory is
that the relevant statutory text did not change in 2010.
Both before and after the enactment of the Affordable Care
Act, the statute has granted authority to "convene" a Task
Force "composed of individuals with appropriate expertise."
-- 4(a)(1); -- 4(a)(1) (2006 ed.). So in effect, the
dissent reads the same words to mean different things
before and after 2010.
2
Braidwood and the dissent next argue that, even if the
AHRQ Director's statutory authority to "convene" carries
with it the power to appoint, Reorganization Plan No. 3
does not actually transfer the Director's appointment
authority to the Secretary and thus does not vest
appointment authority in the Secretary.
First, Braidwood and the dissent emphasize that
Reorganization Plan No. 3 is not a "law" at all. They note
that the Plan was originally submitted to Congress in 1966
by President Johnson and took effect only because neither
House of Congress passed a disapproval resolution within
60 days.
True but irrelevant. In a 1984 Act passed by Congress
and signed by President Reagan -- an Act that therefore
indisputably qualifies as a "law" -- Congress stated that it
"hereby ratifies and affirms as law each reorganization
plan" previously enacted, including Reorganization Plan
No. 3 of 1966. 98 Stat. 2705.
Second, Braidwood and the dissent point out that
Congress did not codify the Task Force or the authority to
appoint Task Force members until 1999. And they claim
that Reorganization Plan No. 3 transferred to the Secretary
only those functions that existed as of 1966. But that
38 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

frozen-in-time reading of Reorganization Plan No. 3 finds
no footing in either the statutory text or common sense.
Starting with the text, Reorganization Plan No. 3
transfers to the Secretary "all functions" of the Public
Health Service and its officers. 80 Stat. 1610. That most naturally means an ongoing transfer of
authority -- that is, any new powers granted to the Public
Health Service and its officers by Congress after 1966
would be transferred to the Secretary, in addition to those
powers existing as of 1966. Moreover, the Dictionary Act
provides that, "unless the context indicates otherwise,"
"words used in the present tense include the future as well
as the present." 1 U. S. C.. Reorganization Plan No. 3
speaks in the present tense, providing that "all functions"
"are hereby transferred." 80 Stat. 1610.
The use of the present tense combined with the expansive
phrase "all functions" shows that Congress intended that
Reorganization Plan No. 3 effect a continuing transfer of
functions from the Public Health Service to the Secretary.
Braidwood and the dissent both lean on a provision of the
Reorganization Act of 1949 stating that no "reorganization
plan shall provide for, and no reorganization under this Act
shall have the effect of... authorizing any agency to
exercise any function which is not expressly authorized by
law at the time the plan is transmitted to the Congress." 63
Stat. 205. But that language merely prevented "the
President, under the guise of consolidating and
rearranging, from actually creating authority in the
Executive Branch which had not existed before." Dept. of
Justice, Office of Legal Counsel, Memorandum of William
H. Rehnquist, Assistant Atty. Gen. (Sept. 11, 1969), in
Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1969 (ICC): Hearing before the
Subcommittee on Executive Reorganization of the Senate
Committee on Government Operations, 91st Cong., 1st
Sess., 29 (1969) (Rehnquist Memorandum). In other words,
that provision barred the President from seizing on a
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 39

Opinion of the Court

reorganization plan to unilaterally confer new powers on an
agency.
But that provision in no way barred Congress from later
enacting a law that conferred new powers on an agency
subject to a reorganization plan. That is precisely what
Congress did in 1999 when it codified the Task Force and
granted the AHRQ Director authority to appoint the Task
Force members. At that point, the AHRQ Director's
authority to appoint Task Force members became one of the
"functions" transferred to the Secretary. 80 Stat. 1610.
Reading Reorganization Plan No. 3 to provide for only a
one-time transfer of functions in 1966 and thereby freeze in
time the relationship between the Public Health Service
and the Secretary of HHS would also produce untenable -- 
bordering on absurd -- results from the standpoint of the
agency's practical operations. It would mean that all
functions of the Public Health Service statutorily conferred
on the Service through 1966 would rest with the Secretary,
but any functions statutorily conferred on it after the 1966
Plan became effective would fall outside of the Secretary's
purview. There is no good or plausible reason to think that
Congress created such an "arbitrary bifurcation." Supp.
Brief for United States 6.
To the extent it may be relevant, the then-Secretary of
HEW explained to Congress in 1966 that one objective of
Reorganization Plan No. 3 was to vest all of the Public
Health Service's current and future functions in the
Secretary so that he would have the "flexibility" "to
reorganize" the Service -- then and "at any future time" -- 
"as the requirements of the times demand." Reorganization
Plan No. 3 of 1966 (Public Health Service): Hearing before
a Subcommittee of the House Committee on Government
Operations, 89th Cong., 2d Sess., 7 (1966). If the Secretary
were vested with only the functions of the Public Health
Service that existed as of 1966, he would lack the flexibility
to reorganize the Service as public health needs evolved and
40 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

as Congress correspondingly conferred new powers upon
the Service.
Third, the dissent spins out a new theory of its own,
positing that Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1966 could not
have transferred the AHRQ Director's functions to the
Secretary because otherwise the Director would be an
"empty husk." Post, at 27. But as the Government
explains, the text of Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1966 is
plain: It explicitly states that it " 'transfer[s]' " " 'all
functions' " of " 'officers' " of the Public Health Service,
including the AHRQ Director, " 'to the Secretary.' " Supp.
Brief for United States 5. And after
that statutory transfer, the officers of the Public Health
Service are not "empty husks" because the Secretary may
delegate responsibility to carry out functions back to the
Public Health Service and its officers. See, supra.
Section 2 of Reorganization Plan No. 3 expressly provides
for such delegation: It states that the "Secretary may from
time to time make such provisions as he shall deem
appropriate authorizing the performance of any of the
functions transferred to him by the provisions of this
reorganization plan by any officer, employee, or agency of
the Public Health Service." 80 Stat. 1610. And the
Secretary has in fact delegated functions back to the Public
Health Service. See, e.g., 31 Fed. Reg. 8964 (1966); 33 Fed.
Reg. 5426 (1968); 53 Fed. Reg. 3457 (1988); 61 Fed. Reg.
29566 (1996).
So it is not correct, either in statutory text or in actual
practice, that the Reorganization Plan left the officers of the
Public Health Service as "empty husks."
In sum, Braidwood's and the dissent's arguments on the
vesting issue fall flat. Read in context, two laws taken
together -- Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1966 as ratified by
the 1984 Act; and the 1999 statute conferring appointment
authority -- expressly vest the Secretary with authority to
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 41

Opinion of the Court

appoint the Task Force members.7
3
Braidwood's and the dissent's arguments that Congress
has not properly vested the Secretary with authority to
appoint Task Force members fail on their own terms. But
if there were any doubt on that score, the canon of
constitutional avoidance as applied in this Court's prior
Appointments Clause cases would again dispel it.
Edmond v. United States is instructive. 
(1997). There, the challengers argued that Congress gave
the power to appoint judges of the Coast Guard Court of
Criminal Appeals to the Judge Advocate General. But
because the Judge Advocate General was not a Head of
Department, it would have been unconstitutional for
Congress to vest appointment authority in the Judge
Advocate General alone. Rather than read the statute "in
a manner that would render it clearly unconstitutional,"
the Court adopted a "reasonable" alternative reading: It
interpreted the statutory scheme to vest appointment
authority in the Secretary of Transportation. Id., at 658.
Here, reading the statutes at issue to vest appointment
authority in the AHRQ Director alone would likewise
render them "clearly unconstitutional." Ibid. Meanwhile,
it is at a minimum "reasonable" to read Reorganization
Plan No. 3 to have transferred the AHRQ Director's
appointment power to the Secretary, such that the statutes
together vest the Secretary with authority to appoint the
members of the Task Force. Ibid.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Even if the statutes vested appointment authority in both the

Secretary and the AHRQ Director, the Government says (and Braidwood
agreed, at least at oral argument) that such a structure would not raise
constitutional concerns so long as the Secretary was the one to actually
make the appointments -- as has been the case since June 2023. See
Supp. Brief for United States 7; Tr. of Oral Arg. 67 -- 70, 111.
42 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

Opinion of the Court

C
Not only has Congress vested authority to appoint the
Task Force members in the Secretary of HHS, the Secretary
has now in fact exercised that authority. The Task Force
members have been inferior officers since 2010 when the
Affordable Care Act was enacted. Until June 2023, the
Task Force members were appointed by the AHRQ Director
alone, not by the Secretary. Then in June 2023, after
litigation belatedly alerted the Government to the fact that
Task Force members had become officers, the Secretary
both ratified the Director's previous appointments of the
Task Force members and also re-appointed them (a
sequence of events that similarly occurred in Edmond). The
Secretary has continued to appoint members of the Task
Force, including all current members.
The fact that the Secretary did not begin personally
appointing the Task Force members until June 2023 is
irrelevant to whether the Task Force members appointed
by the Secretary have been properly appointed. In
Edmond, the Secretary of Transportation had not
historically appointed the Coast Guard judges. After
Appointments Clause challenges arose in litigation, the
Secretary "issued a memorandum 'adopting' " the Judge
Advocate General's appointments as his own. Id., at 654.
Those developments did not prevent the Court from
concluding that the Coast Guard judges were properly
appointed. The same is true here.
* * *
To sum up: Task Force members issue preventive-
services recommendations of critical importance to
patients, doctors, insurers, employers, healthcare
organizations, and the American people more broadly. In
doing so, however, the Task Force members remain subject
to the Secretary of HHS's supervision and direction, and the
Secretary remains subject to the President's supervision
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 43

Opinion of the Court

and direction. So under Article II and this Court's
precedents, Task Force members are inferior officers, and
Congress may vest the power to appoint them in the
Secretary of HHS. Congress has done so, and the Secretary
has appointed the Task Force members pursuant to that
grant of authority.
Therefore, the Task Force members' appointments are
fully consistent with the Appointments Clause in Article II
of the Constitution. The structure of the Task Force and
the manner of appointing its officers preserve the chain of
political accountability that was central to the Framers'
design of the Appointments Clause: The Task Force
members were appointed by and are supervised and
directed by the Secretary of HHS. And the Secretary of
HHS, in turn, answers to the President of the United
States.
We reverse the judgment of the Court of Appeals and
remand the case for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

THOMAS, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 316
_________________

ROBERT F. KENNEDY, JR., SECRETARY OF HEALTH
AND HUMAN SERVICES, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.
BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC., ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE ALITO and
JUSTICE GORSUCH join, dissenting.
To promote democratic accountability, the Appointments
Clause establishes a default rule that all Executive Branch
officers must be appointed by the President with the Sen-
ate's approval. Art. II, cl. 2. Congress may depart from
this default by authorizing a department head to appoint
"inferior Officers" -- but only if it does so expressly. Ibid.
This case concerns the U. S. Preventive Services Task
Force, a body that issues legally binding recommendations
regarding preventive healthcare treatments. At the begin-
ning of this suit, a subordinate official within the Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services (HHS) had for years
appointed the Task Force's members. Everyone now agrees
that this practice was unlawful. Everyone further agrees
that no one statute provides for a department head to ap-
point the Task Force's members. But, rather than accept
that the default mode of appointment applies, the Govern-
ment invented a new theory on appeal, arguing that the
combination of two ambiguously worded statutes enacted
decades apart establishes that the Secretary of HHS can
appoint the Task Force's members.
The Court today rushes to embrace this theory. I cannot.
To begin with, I would not rule on the Government's new
2 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

theory before any lower court has done so. But, if we are to
decide this question now, I do not see how Congress has
spoken with the clarity needed to depart from the default
rule established by the Appointments Clause. In ruling
otherwise, the Court treats the default rule as an inconven-
ient obstacle to be overcome, not a constitutional principle
to be honored. And, it distorts Congress's design for the
Task Force, changing it from an independent body that re-
ports directly to the President to one subject to the control
of the Secretary of HHS.
I
A
The Appointments Clause provides that the President
"shall nominate, and by and with the Advice and Consent
of the Senate," appoint all "Officers of the United States."
Art. II, cl. 2. But, "the Congress may by Law vest the
Appointment of such inferior Officers, as they think proper,
in the President alone, in the Courts of Law, or in the Heads
of Departments." Ibid.
The Clause prescribes the exclusive means of appointing
" 'Officers of the United States.' " Lucia v. SEC, (2018). Officers are Government officials who ex-
ercise " 'significant' " federal authority on an "ongoing" ba-
sis. Id., at 245 -- 246. Those who do not exercise such au-
thority are mere nonofficer employees and are not subject
to the Clause's requirements. Id., at 245.1
The Appointments Clause classifies officers as either "in-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The parties agree that the exercise of "significant authority" marks

the dividing line between officers and nonofficer employees. Brief for
Petitioners 2 ; Brief for Respondents
4 -- 5. I will assume that this view is correct for purposes of this opinion.
But see Lucia, 585 U. S., at 254 (THOMAS, J., concurring) ("The Founders
likely understood the term 'Officers of the United States' to encompass
all federal civil officials who perform an ongoing, statutory duty -- no
matter how important or significant the duty").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

THOMAS, J., dissenting

ferior" or noninferior. Noninferior officers, called "princi-
pal" officers in our case law, must be appointed by the Pres-
ident with the Senate's advice and consent. Inferior officers
by "default" must be appointed in the same manner. Ed-
mond v. United States, (1997). But, Con-
gress may depart from the default by conferring the ap-
pointment power on the President alone, a department
head, or the courts. A principal officer in the Executive
Branch is one who has no "superior" other than the Presi-
dent. See id., at 662. An inferior officer is one "whose work
is directed and supervised at some level by" a principal of-
ficer. Id., at 663.
The Appointments Clause serves several purposes. It
protects the President's control over the Executive Branch
by providing that only the President or a department head
under his control may appoint executive officers.2 At the
same time, it checks the President's power by requiring him
to nominate principal officers personally and to obtain the
Senate's consent. These requirements ensure that the se-
lection of officers is a public matter in which the President
must justify "the propriety of his choice." The Federalist
No. 76, p. 457 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (A. Hamilton).
With respect to inferior officers, the Appointments
Clause balances efficiency and accountability. The "obvious
purpose" of allowing appointment by the President alone or

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Although this Court has held that Congress may sometimes vest the

courts with the power to appoint inferior executive officers, Morrison v.
Olson, -- 677 (1988), I doubt that such "inter-branch"
appointments are consistent with the original understanding of the sep-
aration of powers. See In re Sealed Case, 838 F. 2d 476, 489 -- 496 (CADC
1988) (Silberman, J.). In any event, the Appointments Clause at a min-
imum prevents Congress from vesting the appointment power in itself,
as many preframing state legislatures did. See Freytag v. Commissioner, (1991) (Scalia, J., concurring in part and concur-
ring in judgment).
4 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

a department head is "administrative convenience." Ed-
mond, 520 U. S., at 660. But, even with this allowance, the
Clause still imposes significant constraints. The Clause
permits a more informal method of appointment only when
Congress affirmatively chooses one, and Congress has re-
tained the default of requiring Senate confirmation in many
cases where it is not constitutionally required.3 Moreover,
even when Congress chooses to depart from the default
rule, it can vest the appointment power no more than one
rung below the President in the executive hierarchy. See
id., at 658. By preventing lower level officials from appoint-
ing officers, the Appointments Clause ensures that officer
selection remains visible "to the public eye." The Federalist
No. 77, at 461 (A. Hamilton).
B
The Preventive Services Task Force is an "independent
panel" of nationally recognized medical experts charged
with making evidence-based recommendations about pre-
ventive healthcare services. App. 37. Its 16 members are
physicians and researchers in the fields of preventive med-
icine and primary care. They work on a volunteer basis and
receive no compensation for their service.
The Task Force reviews preventive services for their med-
ical efficacy and cost effectiveness. It assigns letter grades
to services, ranging from "A" to "D." "A" represents a high
certainty of a substantial net benefit, and "D" represents a
moderate or high certainty of no net benefit. The Task

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 To give just a few examples, there are 14 Senate-confirmed positions

in HHS besides its head, the Secretary. See Senate Committee on Home-
land Security and Governmental Affairs, Policy and Supporting Posi-
tions, 118th Cong., 2d Sess., 62 -- 70 (Comm. Print 2024). All 93 U. S. At-
torneys, who are subordinate to the Attorney General, likewise are
appointed only by the President with Senate confirmation. 28 U. S. C.. And, the Senate confirms tens of thousands of military officers
each year. See, e.g., 170 Cong. Rec. D512 (May 16, 2024).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Force may alternatively issue an "I" grade if there is insuf-
ficient evidence to assess the balance of a service's benefits
and harms.
HHS officials first commissioned the Task Force in 1984
to serve as a purely advisory body. In 1995, the Agency for
Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) assumed "re-
sponsibility" for the Task Force. 63 Fed. Reg. 880 (1998).
AHRQ is part of the Public Health Service, a collection of
agencies within HHS. 42 U. S. C.. The Agency is
headed by a Director, who is appointed by the Secretary of
HHS.. The Director thus became responsible for
naming the Task Force's members and calling its meetings.
See 63 Fed. Reg. 879 -- 880.
Congress codified AHRQ's responsibility for the Task
Force in 1999. 113 Stat. 1659 -- 1660. It provided that the
Director "may periodically convene a Preventive Services
Task Force to be composed of individuals with appropriate
expertise." 42 U. S. C. -- 4(a)(1) (2000 ed.).
The character of the Task Force fundamentally changed
in 2010, when Congress passed the Affordable Care Act
(ACA). The ACA transformed the Task Force from a purely
advisory body into one whose recommendations carry the
force of law. Specifically, the ACA requires health-insur-
ance issuers and group health plans to cover preventive ser-
vices for which the Task Force has issued an "A" or "B" rec-
ommendation without imposing copayments, deductibles,
or other cost-sharing charges on patients. 42 U. S. C.
-- 13(a)(1). The ACA also replaced the 1999 version
of -- 4(a)(1) with a new version providing that the
AHRQ "Director shall convene an independent Preventive
Services Task Force." It further provided that Task Force
members and their recommendations "shall be independent
and, to the extent practicable, not subject to political pres-
sure." -- 4(a)(6). Following this enactment, the AHRQ
Director continued to appoint Task Force members.
6 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

C
In 2020, four individuals and two businesses who ob-
jected to covering certain preventive treatments sued the
Secretary of HHS and other Government defendants, argu-
ing that the Task Force's members were invalidly appointed
under the Appointments Clause. The parties cross-moved
for summary judgment, with the Government arguing that
the Task Force's members are not officers under the Clause
because they are outside experts who do not exercise signif-
icant governmental authority.
The District Court granted summary judgment for the
challengers. Braidwood Mgmt. Inc v. Becerra, 627 F. Supp.
3d 624 (ND Tex. 2022). The court first held that the Task
Force's members have been officers since 2010, because the
ACA made their recommendations legally binding. It then
held that the Task Force's members had been invalidly ap-
pointed for two independent reasons. First, because no
other officers supervise the Task Force's issuance of recom-
mendations, its members were principal officers who had to
be appointed by the President with Senate confirmation.
Second, even if the Task Force members were inferior offic-
ers, the AHRQ Director could not appoint them because, as
an officer subordinate to the Secretary of HHS, the Director
is not a department head. The District Court issued an in-
junction prohibiting enforcement of the Task Force's recom-
mendations. Braidwood Mgmt. Inc v. Becerra, 666 F. Supp.
3d 613 (ND Tex. 2023).
The Government did not defend its original theory on ap-
peal. Instead, it argued for the first time that the Task
Force's members are officers, but only inferior ones subor-
dinate to the Secretary of HHS. And, while briefing was
ongoing, the Secretary purported to appoint the Task Force
members. By that act, the Government argued, the mem-
bers now lawfully held their offices, because Congress had
vested the appointment of the Task Force's members in the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Secretary. The Government derived this purported ap-
pointment authority from the combination of two statutes,
enacted decades apart. First, -- 4(a)(1) gave the AHRQ
Director the power to "convene" the Task Force, which the
Government read to include appointing its members. Sec-
ond, a statute called Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1966, 80
Stat. 1610 (Reorganization Plan), "transferred" to the Sec-
retary "all functions" of all officers of the Public Health Ser-
vice, including AHRQ. In addition to claiming to appoint
the members, the Secretary issued an order purporting to
ratify all the recommendations that the Task Force had is-
sued from 2010 to 2022, when its members had been unlaw-
fully appointed by the AHRQ Director.
The challengers opposed the Government's new theory.
They contended that the Director's convening power does
not include the power to appoint, and that this power is in
any event not one of the functions transferred by the Reor-
ganization Plan. The challengers also maintained that the
Task Force members were principal officers who had to be
appointed by the President with Senate confirmation.
The Fifth Circuit affirmed in relevant part. Braidwood
Mgmt., Inc v. Becerra, 104 F. 4th 930 (2024). The court as-
sumed without deciding that the Secretary had the statu-
tory power to appoint the Task Force. It then held that
Task Force members are principal officers. The court
acknowledged that, if the Secretary has the authority to ap-
point the Task Force's members, he would thereby have the
authority to remove them at will, giving him a powerful
mechanism for de facto control. But, that control was insuf-
ficient to make the Task Force inferior officers, the court
concluded, because the Secretary has no authority to exer-
cise direct review or supervision over the Task Force's issu-
ance of recommendations. Rather, the statutory scheme
"contemplates complete autonomy" for the Task Force. Id.,
at 944. The court then held that the Secretary's purported
8 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

ratification was invalid because the Secretary has no au-
thority to "review, revise, or issue the preventive-care rec-
ommendations himself." Id., at 948.
The Government asked this Court to decide whether the
structure of the Task Force violates the Appointments
Clause. We granted certiorari. 604 U. S. ___ (2025).
II
I would remand for the Fifth Circuit to consider the im-
portant threshold question that it skipped: whether the
Secretary has the statutory power to appoint the Task
Force. The Secretary may appoint the Task Force's mem-
bers only if (1) Congress has vested in the Secretary the
power to appoint them, and (2) the members are inferior
officers under the Appointments Clause. The answer to the
first question significantly affects the analysis of the second
question. But, no court has passed on the first question,
and this Court has had only a limited opportunity to con-
sider it.
We should resolve the statutory challenge to the Secre-
tary's appointment authority before addressing the consti-
tutional challenge. Due respect for Congress as a coordi-
nate branch of Government usually demands that we
refrain from calling the constitutionality of its enactments
into question " 'unless absolutely necessary to a decision of
the case.' " Ashwander v. TVA, (1936)
(Brandeis, J., concurring). Accordingly, before " 'reaching
any constitutional questions, federal courts must consider
nonconstitutional grounds for decision.' " Jean v. Nelson,
(1985); see Edmond, 520 U. S., at 655 -- 
656 (considering the petitioner's statutory challenge to an
officer's appointment before his constitutional challenge).
That rule applies with special force here because the stat-
utory question logically precedes the constitutional ques-
tion. The Task Force's members are inferior officers if their
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

THOMAS, J., dissenting

"work is directed and supervised at some level" by the Sec-
retary. Id., at 663. To determine whether that is the case,
our precedents instruct us to consider (1) whether the Sec-
retary can remove them at will and (2) whether the Secre-
tary can directly review or command their actions. See Free
Enterprise Fund v. Public Company Accounting Oversight
Bd., (2010). Whether the Secretary ap-
points the Task Force's members affects both these inquir-
ies. Absent a statutory provision to the contrary, "the
power of removal" is "incident to the power of appointment."
Ex parte Hennen, 13 Pet. 230, 233 (1839). And, if the Sec-
retary has the statutory power to appoint, we will also be
more likely to conclude that he has the power to direct the
Task Force and review their decisions. After all, if the Sec-
retary appoints the Task Force, it must be subject to his
supervision to be constitutionally structured. Under the
canon of constitutional avoidance, we would therefore have
to interpret the statutes governing the Task Force to permit
secretarial supervision if it is "fairly possible" to do so.
United States v. Jin Fuey Moy, (1916).
In contrast, if Congress never gave the Secretary the ap-
pointment power, it makes no constitutional difference
whether the Task Force answers to the Secretary or to the
President alone. We would have no reason to put a thumb
on the scale in favor of secretarial supervision.4

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Whether the Secretary has statutory appointment authority may also

affect the appropriate remedy for an unlawful appointment. This Court's
"severability" doctrine directs that, when a court finds " 'a constitutional
flaw in a statute,' " it should "seve[r] any 'problematic portions while
leaving the remainder intact,' " unless the court can divine that Congress
"would have preferred" the statute's wholesale invalidation. Free Enter-
prise Fund, 561 U. S., at 508 -- 509. Thus, when Congress unconstitution-
ally vests the power to appoint a principal officer in a department head,
this Court will ask whether it is possible to save the appointment by
"severing" the provisions that insulate the officer from supervision. See
10 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

The Fifth Circuit did not follow the standard order of op-
erations. It skipped over whether Congress had vested the
appointment of the Task Force's members in the Secretary
and instead held that, even assuming that Congress had,
the Task Force members are principal officers not subject
to the Secretary's supervision. Because the Fifth Circuit
should have decided the statutory question before the con-
stitutional one, I would vacate and remand for it to do so.
See Massachusetts v. Westcott, (1977)
(per curiam).5 It is not our "usual practice" to decide im-
portant legal questions in the first instance. CRST Van Ex-
pedited, Inc. v. EEOC, (2016). Deviating
from standard practice is particularly unwise here, where
the Government first developed its statutory theory on ap-
peal and the parties have only minimally addressed the
question in their principal briefs. But, because the majority
insists on deciding the statutory question now, see ante, at
27 -- 42, so will I.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
United States v. Arthrex, Inc., -- 26 (2021) (plurality opin-
ion). But, if Congress never vested the appointment of an officer in a
department head in the first place, this option is off the table. JUSTICE
GORSUCH and I have criticized the Court's severability doctrine as incon-
sistent with traditional remedial principles. See id., at 32 -- 33 (GORSUCH,
J., concurring in part and dissenting in part); Seila Law LLC v. Con-
sumer Financial Protection Bureau, -- 253 (2020)
(THOMAS, J., concurring in part and dissenting in part). But, so long as
this Court adheres to the doctrine, the question of a department head's
statutory authority is very likely to emerge at the remedial stage. This
reality counsels further in favor of resolving statutory challenges to ap-
pointment authority before constitutional challenges.
5 Although prudence counsels in favor of deciding the statutory ques-

tion first, the Fifth Circuit's decision to skip over it was understandable.
The District Court passed on only the constitutional question because
the Government at that time did not claim that it was the Secretary's
responsibility to appoint the Task Force's members. Like us, the Fifth
Circuit is not supposed to be a court of first view, so it decided only the
question on which it had a lower court decision from which to work. The
fault for the unusual posture of this case lies principally with the Gov-
ernment for adopting an entirely new theory on appeal.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

THOMAS, J., dissenting

III
If forced to decide, I would affirm on the ground that Con-
gress has not given the Secretary of HHS the power to ap-
point Task Force members. The members must therefore
be appointed by the President with Senate confirmation.
A
A department head may appoint an inferior officer only if
Congress has "by Law vest[ed] the Appointment of such" of-
ficer in him. Art. II, cl. 2. At the time of the framing,
" ' by Law' " of course meant "by statute." Lucia, 585 U. S.,
at 254 (THOMAS, J., concurring); see United States v. Mau-
rice, 26 F. Cas. 1211, 1213 (No. 15,747) (CC Va. 1823) (Mar-
shall, C. J.). "[T]he verb 'appoint' meant '[t]o establish any
thing by decree' or '[t]o allot, assign, or designate.' " NLRB
v. SW General, Inc., -- 313 (2017)
(THOMAS, J., concurring) (6th ed. 1785); 1 N.
Webster, An American Dictionary of the English Language
(def. 3) (1828); citations omitted). Thus, to vest appoint-
ment power for an office in a department head, Congress
must pass a statute giving him the authority to assign a
person to that office.
The vesting of appointment authority must be explicit.
When reading two legal texts together, the "specific con-
trols" over the "general." National Cable & Telecommuni-
cations Assn., Inc. v. Gulf Power Co., -- 
336 (2002). The Appointments Clause's default rule of ap-
pointment by the President with Senate confirmation spe-
cifically addresses how an inferior officer is to be appointed.
Appointment authority therefore cannot be deemed implicit
in a more general grant of authority to a department head;
only a provision that specifically addresses appointment
can displace the default. And, because the Appointments
Clause's default rule, as a constitutional provision, is of
greater "dignity" than a statute, we should not presume that
12 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Congress meant to set it aside if the question is doubtful.
See A. Scalia & B. Garner, Reading Law 187 (2012) (Scalia
& Garner). In particular, we cannot infer appointment au-
thority from a principal officer's authority to supervise an
inferior officer. By its default rule, the Appointments
Clause presumes that an inferior officer will act at the di-
rection of a principal officer and yet be appointed by the
President with Senate confirmation.
Further, the statute must vest the power in the depart-
ment head himself, not one of his subordinates. By limiting
the executive officials who can appoint inferior officers to
"the President" and "the Heads of Departments," Art. II., cl. 2, the Appointments Clause prohibits the exercise of
appointment authority by inferior officers, even though in
other contexts a department head can validly act through
such subordinate officers. See Scalia & Garner 107 ("The
expression of one thing implies the exclusion of others"
(boldface deleted)). Thus, a law purporting to vest the ap-
pointment power in an officer below a department head is
not a backdoor way of vesting power in the head; it is a
"clearly unconstitutional" enactment. Edmond, 520 U. S.,
at 658; accord, 11 Op. Atty. Gen. 209, 213 (1865).
Our precedents illustrate these principles. In 1866, Con-
gress "authorized" an "assistant treasurer... to appoint,
with the approbation of the Secretary of the Treasury," cer-
tain "clerk[s]." 14 Stat. 202. Because the
statute required the Secretary's personal approval, this
Court held that such clerks were "appointed by the head of
a department within the meaning of the" Appointments
Clause. United States v. Hartwell, 6 Wall. 385, 393 -- 394
(1868). In contrast, the Court held that a statute authoriz-
ing the "collector" of customs to employ "clerks," Rev. Stat.
(repealed), did not vest the appointment power in the
Secretary of the Treasury, even though the collector was
subordinate to that Secretary. United States v. Smith, -- 533 (1888). Unlike in Hartwell, no "act of
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

THOMAS, J., dissenting

congress" established that the clerks' appointment "could
only be made with the approbation of the Secretary." 124
U. S., at 532; see also United States v. Germaine, (1879) (holding that Congress cannot vest the ap-
pointment power by conferring it on officials who are "the
mere aids and subordinates of the heads of the depart-
ments").
The Executive Branch -- despite having every institu-
tional incentive to avoid the hurdle of Senate confirma-
tion -- has also long recognized that only an explicit statute
can vest the appointment power. For over 170 years, the
Attorney General has held that "without there be[ing an]
express enactment to the contrary,... the appointment of
any officer of the United States belongs to the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate." 6 Op. Atty.
Gen. 1 (1853) ; accord, 15 Op. Atty. Gen.
449, 450 (1878); 17 Op. Atty. Gen. 532, 533 (1883); 26 Op.
Atty. Gen. 627, 629 (1908); 29 Op. Atty. Gen. 116, 117
(1911); 38 Op. Atty. Gen. 566, 574 (1937); 20 Op. OLC 124,
139, (1996). In 1908, for instance, Congress created
the office of Second Deputy Comptroller of the Currency, to
assist the Comptroller and the First Deputy with their du-
ties. 35 Stat. 203. Although Congress had vested the au-
thority to appoint the Comptroller and First Deputy in the
Secretary of the Treasury, it enacted no language to that
effect for the Second Deputy. See 26 Op. Atty. Gen., at 629.
Despite finding the result "anomalous," the Attorney Gen-
eral concluded that the Secretary did "not possess the power
to appoint this Second Deputy." Ibid.
Finally, because of the need for vesting to be explicit,
Congress's choice of words matters. When the First Con-
gress sought to vest the appointment of an inferior officer
in a department head, it usually, if not always, enacted a
provision stating that the head shall "appoint" the officer.
See, e.g., 1 Stat. 29, 50, 65, 68. Although "appoint" is not
the only verb that Congress can use, see SW General, 580
14 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

U. S., at 313 (THOMAS, J., concurring), this Court has been
reluctant to find a vesting where the statute in question
uses a verb that Congress does not typically employ to con-
fer appointment authority. See Edmond, 520 U. S., at 657
(holding that the power to "assign" military judges is not
the power to "appoint" them, because "Congress has con-
sistently used the word 'appoint' " to vest appointment
power for "military positions"); Weiss v. United States, -- 173 (1994) (similar); Auffmordt v. Hedden,
-- 327 (1890) (finding no vesting of ap-
pointment authority in part because "[t]he statute does not
use the word 'appoint,' but uses the word 'select' ").
The Appointments Clause's default of appointment by the
President with Senate confirmation can lead to inefficient
and sometimes "anomalous" results. See 26 Op. Atty. Gen.,
at 629. But, it is our job to enforce it. "We cannot cast aside
the separation of powers and the Appointments Clause's
important check on executive power for the sake of admin-
istrative convenience or efficiency." SW General, Inc., 580
U. S., at 317 (THOMAS, J., concurring).
B
The Government's theory is that Congress vested the ap-
pointment of the Task Force in the Secretary through a
combination of two statutes. First, it reads the AHRQ Di-
rector's power to "convene" the Task Force under 42 U. S. C.
-- 4(a)(1) to include the power to appoint its members.
Second, it asserts that the Reorganization Plan transfers
the "functions" of the Director, including the power to ap-
point, to the Secretary of HHS., 80 Stat. 1610. Nei-
ther premise is correct.
1
The Director's power to "convene" the Task Force does not
include the power to appoint its members. This premise
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

THOMAS, J., dissenting

conflicts with both ordinary meaning and the canon of con-
stitutional avoidance.
To "convene" a group means "to cause" it "to assemble."
Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 272 (11th ed.
2005); accord, American Heritage Dictionary 400 (4th ed.
2000) ("[t]o cause to come together formally"); Black's Law
Dictionary 380 (9th ed. 2009) ("[t]o call together; to cause to
assemble"); New Oxford American Dictionary 379 (3d ed.
2010) ("bring together for a meeting or activity; assemble").
That task is different from selecting the membership of the
group. The President "may, on extraordinary Occasions,
convene both Houses" of Congress. U. S. Const., Art. II,.
That provision means that he can make Congress meet, not
that he can appoint Senators and Representatives. Like-
wise, if someone says that the President "convened" his
Cabinet last Thursday, that statement means that the
President held a meeting with the Cabinet members on that
day, not that he appointed the Cabinet members. The Di-
rector's power to convene the Task Force thus cannot be the
explicit grant of appointment power needed to displace the
default established by the Appointments Clause.
Context supports giving "convene" its ordinary meaning.
Task Force members are unpaid, part-time volunteers, who
ordinarily meet three times a year. 89 Fed. Reg. 101606
(2024). To facilitate these volunteer meetings, Congress di-
rected that AHRQ "shall provide ongoing administrative,
research, and technical support for the operations of the
Task Force." 42 U. S. C. -- 4(a)(3). Part of that support
naturally includes determining when, where, and how the
Task Force will meet -- i.e., convening it. Using the ordinary
definition of "convene" therefore makes sense in the context
of -- 4(a)(1); there is no need to stretch the term to
mean "appoint."
The remainder of the Public Health Service Act, in which
AHRQ's governing statutes are housed, reinforces that the
power to "convene" is not the power to appoint. The Act
16 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

repeatedly provides for the appointment of inferior officers
simply by stating that the Secretary shall "appoint" them.
See, e.g., 242k(a), 247d -- 7e(c)(3), 284(a)(1),
286a(a)(1)(A), 299(a), 300cc -- 40(a), 300hh -- 15(a), 300u -- 7(a).
In contrast, neither the Government nor the majority can
identify a single other instance where the Act uses "con-
vene" to vest the appointment of an inferior officer. Since
Congress generally chose to track the language of the Ap-
pointments Clause when vesting appointment power in the
Act, we should not expect the term "convene" to do so. See
Edmond, 520 U. S., at 657; Auffmordt, 137 U. S., at 327.
The Government's reading of "convene" is even more im-
plausible in the context of its theory that Congress meant
to vest the Secretary with the appointment power by giving
the Director the power to convene. We presume that Con-
gress "generally employ[s] the words which most directly
and aptly express the ideas [it] intend[s] to convey." Gib-
bons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 1, 188 (1824). Had Congress meant
to confer the appointment power on the Secretary, surely it
would have just done so directly -- as it did in many other
provisions of the Public Health Service Act. Supra, at 15
and this page. The implausibility of Congress vesting ap-
pointment authority in this oblique way -- something it ap-
parently has nowhere else done -- makes it all the less likely
that Congress meant "appoint" when it said "convene."
Were there any doubt, the canon of constitutional avoid-
ance makes clear that the power to "convene" does not in-
clude the power to appoint. A statute vesting the appoint-
ment power in the Director, who is not a department head,
would be "clearly unconstitutional." Edmond, 520 U. S., at
658. We must therefore read -- 4(a)(1) not to confer
appointment authority if it is "fairly possible" to do so. Jin
Fuey Moy, 241 U. S., at 401. And, of course, it is "fairly pos-
sible" to read "convene," whose core meaning is simply to
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

THOMAS, J., dissenting

cause to assemble, not to encompass appointment. See su-
pra, at 15.6 Because we can avoid reading -- 4(a)(1) to
vest appointment power in the AHRQ Director, we must.
2
Even if Congress unconstitutionally vested appointment
power in the Director, the Reorganization Plan does not
transfer that power to the HHS Secretary. The Plan "trans-
fer[s]" "all functions" of the "officers and employees of the
Public Health Service" -- including the AHRQ Director -- "to
the Secretary.", 80 Stat. 1610. But, for four reasons,
the power to appoint the Task Force cannot be a "function"
transferred by the Plan.
First, the Reorganization Plan does not apply to functions
that did not exist when the Plan was issued in 1966. This
conclusion follows from the legal backdrop surrounding the
Reorganization Plan's issuance. The Plan was originally a
Presidential directive, not a statute. The Reorganization
Act authorized the President to submit to Congress reor-
ganization plans for executive departments. If neither
House of Congress objected within 60 days, a plan acquired
the force of law. 5 U. S. C. (1964 ed., Supp. II).
President Johnson submitted a Reorganization Plan for the
Public Health Service under this procedure in 1966. 80
Stat. 1610. Following INS v. Chadha, (1983),
which held that single-House vetoes of agency action are
unconstitutional, Congress in 1984 enacted a statute that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The Government and the majority both agree that " 'convene'

doesn't necessarily connote appointment." Tr. of Oral. Arg. 6; see
ante, at 30. The most recent version of the Task Force's Procedure
Manual even says that "AHRQ convenes the Task Force," while "the
Secretary of HHS selects new members" to serve on it -- thereby recog-
nizing the distinction between convening and appointing. U. S. Preven-
tive Services Task Force, Procedure Manual.5.1, 1.9 (Apr. 2023),
https://www.uspreventiveservicestaskforce.org/uspstf/about-
uspstf/methods-and-processes/procedure-manual/procedure-manual-
section-1.
18 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

"ratifies and affirms as law" all previously implemented re-
organization plans. 98 Stat. 2705.
The Reorganization Act prohibited plans from "authoriz-
ing an agency" -- which includes the Secretary -- "to exercise
a function which is not expressly authorized by law at the
time the plan is transmitted to Congress." (4) (em-
phasis added); see (B) (defining "agency" to include
an "officer... in or under an Executive agency").
The Reorganization Plan must be read in harmony with
this limit. We must assume, given the overlap in terminol-
ogy, that the "transfe[r]" of "functions" effected by the Plan
has the same scope as the "transfer" of "functions" author-
ized by the Act. Reorganization Plan ; 5 U. S. C.
(1) (1964 ed., Supp. II); see George v. McDonough,
(2022) (Where a legal text employs a
term "obviously transplanted from another legal source, it
brings the old soil with it" (internal quotation marks omit-
ted)). We must likewise presume that President Johnson
did not mean to exceed the limits on his authority imposed
by the Reorganization Act. See Scalia & Garner 66 ("An
interpretation that validates outweighs one that invali-
dates" (boldface deleted)). Accordingly, the term "func-
tions" in the Plan must have, at most, the same meaning as
it does in the Act. See Reorganization Plan ; 5 U. S. C.
(1) (1964 ed., Supp. II). The Plan thus cannot trans-
fer "functions" that did not exist in 1966, such as the AHRQ
Director's duty to convene the Task Force.
Second, the Reorganization Act prevents us from reading
"functions" to encompass the authority to appoint officers.
Separately from its authorization of a "transfer" of "func-
tions," (1), the Act states that a plan may "provide
for the appointment and pay of the head and one or more
officers of an agency... if the President finds, and in his
message transmitting the plan declares, that by reason of a
reorganization made by the plan the provisions are neces-
sary.". And, "if the appointment is not to a position
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

THOMAS, J., dissenting

in the competitive service, it shall be by the President, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate." Ibid. The
Act thus distinguishes between a transfer of functions and
a conferral of appointment authority, with special proce-
dural requirements imposed on the latter.
Here, the Plan provides only for a transfer of functions.
See. It therefore cannot be read to authorize the ap-
pointment of officers. Cf., e.g., Reorganization Plan No. 3 of
1949, 63 Stat. 1066 (transferring functions and providing
for the appointment of inferior officers in distinct sections).
Further, President Johnson's transmittal message made
none of the findings needed to provide for appointment au-
thority. See Public Papers of the Presidents, Lyndon B.
Johnson, Vol. 1, Apr. 25, 1966, pp. 453 -- 456 (1967). Nor, in
any event, could the transmittal message have provided for
the appointment of the Task Force, which did not exist in
1966. Finally, even if the Reorganization Plan had provided
for the appointment of officers, it could not have authorized
the Secretary to appoint them, because the Reorganization
Act required all non-civil-service officer positions provided
for in reorganization plans to be appointed by the President
with Senate confirmation.. Reading the Plan to
transfer appointment authority would thus flout the Act.
Third, the appointment of the Task Force cannot be a
"function" of the AHRQ Director because the Director can-
not validly appoint its members under the Appointments
Clause. The term "functions" in the Reorganization Act and
Plan is ambiguous. It could refer either to whatever "func-
tions" an officer is nominally authorized to perform by stat-
ute, or it could refer solely to those "functions" that he may
perform "when all applicable law" -- including the Constitu-
tion -- "is taken into account." United States v. Briggs, (2020) (observing that the same ambiguity
arises when a statute refers to crimes " 'punishable by
death' "). "[C]ontext is determinative" in resolving this am-
biguity. Id., at 73.
20 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Here, the purpose of a "reorganization" plan is to "give a
definite and orderly structure to" a department's existing
functions, not to create new functions that a department
cannot otherwise lawfully perform. Oxford English Diction-
ary 923 -- 924 (2d ed. 1989) (defining "organize"). A plan may
not, "under the guise of consolidating and rearranging,...
creat[e] authority in the Executive Branch which had not
existed before." Dept. of Justice, Office of Legal Counsel,
Memorandum of William H. Rehnquist, Assistant Atty.
Gen. (Sept. 11, 1969), in Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1969
(ICC): Hearing before the Subcommittee on Executive Re-
organization of the Senate Committee on Government Op-
erations, 91st Cong., 1st Sess., 29 (1969) (Rehnquist Mem-
orandum). Yet, that is precisely what the Government's
reading accomplishes, since, without the Reorganization
Plan, the Executive has no power to appoint the Task Force
outside the gauntlet of Senate confirmation.
Finally, reading the Plan to transfer appointment au-
thority creates constitutional problems. If the Reorganiza-
tion Act authorized the President to make such a transfer,
it would be unconstitutional. Only "Congress" can vest the
appointment of inferior officers in a department head, and
it must do so "by Law." Art. II, cl. 2. But, the President
is not Congress, and an executive edict is not a "Law." See
Lucia, 585 U. S., at 254 (THOMAS, J., concurring); Maurice,
26 F. Cas., at 1213. Additionally, of the Plan permits the
Secretary to "authoriz[e] the performance of any of the func-
tions transferred to him by the provisions of this reorgani-
zation plan by any officer" of the Public Health Service or
HHS at large. The Secretary, however, is the sole head of
HHS. He therefore cannot constitutionally authorize any
other officer to perform the function of appointing the Task
Force. Constitutional avoidance again requires us to reject
the Government's reading.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

THOMAS, J., dissenting

C
The majority embraces both steps of the Government's
argument, but its reasoning is unpersuasive.
1
The majority follows the Government in reading "con-
vene" to mean "appoint." Ordinary meaning and the con-
stitutional-avoidance canon again foreclose this approach.
a
The majority finds appointment power in the Director's
duty to "convene" only by applying the wrong standard.
The majority acknowledges that the term "convene" "could
mean to merely 'call together' or 'assemble.' " Ante, at 30.
But, it asserts that, in the absence of a separate, explicit
"provision specifying who is to appoint the individuals to be
called together or assembled," it is reasonable to infer that
"the person with the power to convene is also the person
with the power to appoint." Ibid. There is, however, a sep-
arate provision -- the Appointments Clause, which specifi-
cally addresses how all inferior officers are to be appointed.
Its default rule controls absent an "express enactment to
the contrary." 6 Op. Atty. Gen., at 1. By definition, an in-
terpretation that relies on an inference from the absence of
a separate appointment provision cannot "expressly" over-
come the default. Contra, ante, at 28, 36, 40.
The same problem plagues the majority's examples of
Congress purportedly using "the term 'convene' to authorize
an official to both assemble a body and select its members."
Ante, at 30. To begin, it begs the question to list a handful
of statutes that use the term "convene" and then simply de-
clare that they confer appointment authority because the
statutes do not elsewhere specifically address appoint-
ments. That assumption does not follow. Take the major-
ity's lead example, the convening of military commissions
under 10 U. S. C.. The Secretary of Defense has no
22 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

need to divine implicit authority to name military commis-
sion members from his authority to "conven[e]" them, be-
cause, as the majority admits, a neighboring provision
states that the Secretary "shall detail" certain "commis-
sioned officer[s] of the armed forces" to serve on military
commissions., (b); see ante, at 30.
But, even granting the majority's premise that these stat-
utes implicitly confer member-selection authority through
the power to "convene," the statutes are inapposite because
none involves the appointment of officers. To return to, "detailing" already commissioned military officers to
serve on a military tribunal is not an appointment to office
under the Appointments Clause; it is simply the conferral
of additional related duties on an officer who has already
been appointed pursuant to the Clause. See Weiss, 510
U. S., at 172 -- 176. That is why the Secretary can delegate
detailing authority to an inferior "officer or official of the
United States," which he could not do if naming commission
members constituted an appointment. See, 948i(b).
The majority's other examples similarly involve statutes
giving related duties to already commissioned officers.7
The majority's examples therefore tell us nothing about
whether the term "convene" confers appointment authority
explicitly enough to overcome the constitutional default. Of
course, outside the appointments context, authority to "con-
vene" a group can imply authority to select its members. If
a group does not already exist, and no other provision ad-
dresses how the group's members are named because the
Appointments Clause does not apply, an officer may be able
to "convene" the group only if he first names its members.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 See, 14906 (providing that a "board of inquiry" be made

up of "officers" holding "a grade above major or lieutenant commander");
14 U. S. C. (providing for a "Coast Guard Reserve Policy Board"
made up of active-duty and reserve officers of the Coast Guard); 33
U. S. C. (providing for a "personnel board" comprising "officers... in... or above" a certain "grade").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

THOMAS, J., dissenting

In that case, the predicate-act canon would justify inferring
naming authority. See Scalia & Garner 192 ("Authoriza-
tion of an act also authorizes a necessary predicate act"
(boldface deleted)). But, that canon cannot apply when the
Appointments Clause provides the default rule for naming
a group's members: " '[W]here the means for the exercise of
a granted power are given, no other or different means can
be implied.' " Id., at 193. Hence, the majority can produce
no examples where Congress has used "convene" to confer
appointment authority.
For the same reason, the majority errs in emphasizing
AHRQ's power to convene Task Force members when Con-
gress first codified its relationship to the Task Force in
1999. At that point, the Task Force was a purely advisory,
nonofficer body that disbanded upon issuing its recommen-
dations. See App. 37 -- 38 (noting that the Task Force be-
came a permanent body with staggered appointments in
2001). It may have been fair then to infer a power to ap-
point Task Force members from the power to "convene"
them. But, when a statutory term draws a particular mean-
ing from its context, that meaning "may change in light of
a subsequent enactment" that alters the context. Scalia &
Garner 254 -- 255. So it goes for the Task Force after the
ACA: With that 2010 legislation, Congress converted the
Task Force into an "independent" standing body of officers
with a detailed list of duties and the authority to issue rec-
ommendations with the force of law. See 42 U. S. C. -- 
4(a).8 That change brought the Appointments Clause into
the picture, and its default mode of appointment displaced
any appointment authority that might otherwise have been

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 For this reason, the majority is wrong to assert that "the relevant

statutory text did not change in 2010." Ante, at 37. As the majority
recognizes, the meaning of "convene" in -- 4(a)(1) depends on its
"context," ante, at 29 -- 30, and that context changed dramatically with the
enactment of the ACA.
24 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

implicit in the Director's power to "convene."9
The majority likewise cannot explain why Congress
would vest appointment authority using the term "convene"
when it consistently uses "appoint" in other provisions of
the Public Health Service Act. Supra, at 15 -- 16. True, the
Appointments Clause does not impose a "magic words" re-
quirement to vest appointment authority, ante, at 29, but it
is uncontroversial that "different terms" in a statutory
scheme "usually have different meanings" Pulsifer v.
United States, (2024). As our precedents have repeatedly rec-
ognized, if Congress generally uses the term "appoint" to
vest appointment authority within a particular statutory
scheme, we should be more reluctant to find an express
vesting of appointment authority in a provision that uses a
different term. See Edmond, 520 U. S., at 657; Weiss, 510
U. S., at 171 -- 172; Auffmordt, 137 U. S., at 326 -- 327.10
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 The intervening passage of the ACA also makes the majority's ap-

peals to "consistent Executive Branch practice" fall flat. Ante, at 31 (cit-
ing Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, (2024)).
The Government concedes that its practice from 2010 until its appeal in
this suit was for the AHRQ Director to appoint Task Force members in-
validly, based on the mistaken view that the members were not officers.
See Brief for Federal Defendants in Braidwood Mgmt., Inc., No. 23 -- 
10326 (CA5), ECF Doc. 159, pp. 31, 41. The practice thus sheds no
light on whether the Director's convening power constitutes an express
vesting of appointment authority that overcomes the constitutional de-
fault. And, surely this Court did not overrule Chevron U. S. A. Inc. v.
Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., (1984), only to
defer to concededly unlawful executive action.
10 As the majority notes, ante, at 29, I have previously found that the

President's power to "direct" an official to "perform the functions and du-
ties of " an "office temporarily" under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act
of 1998 (FVRA) is a vesting of appointment authority. 5 U. S. C.
(2), (3); see SW General, 580 U. S., at 312 -- 313 (concurring opin-
ion). But, there, context made unmistakably clear that the President's
power to "direct" was a power to appoint. Section 3345(a) obviously con-
cerns appointment because the sole subject matter of the FVRA is the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Nor can the majority make sense of why Congress would
choose to vest appointment power in the Director, only so
that it could be transferred to the Secretary. The best ex-
planation the majority can give is that "it is no surprise that
the 1999 statute did not expressly name the Secretary" as
the Task Force's appointing officer, because "the Appoint-
ments Clause question arose only in 2010." Ante, at 34.
But, it is a surprise on the majority's view that Congress
did not name the Secretary in 2010 -- when Congress
"str[uck]" out the 1999 version of -- 4(a) and replaced
it with a new and much altered version. 124 Stat. 541 -- 542.
Congress even made significant changes to the very clause
granting the Director convening authority. Compare 113
Stat. 1659 (" 'The Director may periodically convene a Pre-
ventive Services Task Force... ' ") with 124 Stat. 541 ("The
Director shall convene an independent Preventive Services
Task Force... ' "). Congress thus made a conscious choice
to keep convening authority with the Director.
Tellingly, the majority struggles to find any precedent for
the oblique, two-step theory of vesting that it endorses. The
best analogy it can muster is Hartwell. There, this Court
concluded that Congress had validly vested appointment
authority in a department head where the statute allowed
an assistant treasurer to name clerks with the "approba-
tion" of the Secretary of the Treasury. 6 Wall., at 393; see
ante, at 34 -- 35. But, the statute at issue envisioned the two
officers working together in a coherent way. For conven-
ience's sake, the more junior officer identified the clerks to
be hired. Then, to satisfy the Appointments Clause, the

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
filling of vacant offices. Congress enacted the provision in a section titled
"Federal Vacancies and Appointments." Pub. L. 105 -- 277, 112 Stat.
2681 -- 611. And, the provision would be meaningless if it did not author-
ize the President to fill an office. In contrast, -- 4(a)(1) has a per-
fectly sensible meaning if the Director's power to convene does not in-
clude the power to appoint. Supra, at 15.
26 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Secretary gave his personal approval before the appoint-
ment took effect. Here, on the Government's account, the
Director has no formal role in the appointment process: The
entirety of the Director's power to convene is transferred to
the Secretary, and the Secretary is free to exercise it with-
out any input from the Director. See ante, at 33. In other
words, according to the Government, when Congress in
2010 provided that "[ t]he Director shall convene [the] Task
Force," the statute would have had the same legal effect if
it had said, "the Secretary (and not the Director) shall con-
vene the Task Force." See -- 4(a)(1). A far simpler ex-
planation is that Congress did not mean to vest appoint-
ment authority when it granted authority to "convene."11
b
Even if the majority had the better reading of "convene,"
it would still be fairly possible to read the term to mean only
"to assemble." The canon of constitutional avoidance there-
fore forecloses the majority's interpretation.
The majority does not suggest that its reading would pre-
vail if the constitutional-avoidance canon applies. It in-
stead concludes that there is no constitutional problem to
avoid, because the Reorganization Plan "transfer[s] all au-
thority of the AHRQ Director to the Secretary." Ante, at 32.
According to the majority, the Reorganization Plan is a
mechanism that siphons away any authority granted to the
AHRQ Director and automatically redirects it upward to
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 The majority also seeks support from Edmond v. United States, (1997), another case in which the Department's Secretary "had
not historically appointed" the officers at issue. Ante, at 42. But, the
statute that the Secretary invoked provided that "[t]he Secretary of
Transportation may appoint... officers... of the Department of Trans-
portation," including the Coast Guard judges involved in the case. 49
U. S. C. ; see 520 U. S., at 656. The vesting of appointment au-
thority could not have been more explicit. There was no need to string
together two ambiguous statutes enacted decades apart to find that Con-
gress had departed from the constitutional default.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 27

THOMAS, J., dissenting

the Secretary. The AHRQ Director may then exercise only
those powers that the Secretary "delegate[s]" to him, ante,
at 33, -- even if a later statute vests those powers with
the AHRQ Director directly. This reallocation of the Direc-
tor's powers guarantees that, no matter how clearly Con-
gress vests the Director with authority, the Director never-
theless remains an empty husk with no powers other than
what the Secretary returns to him. Thus, according to the
majority, when Congress provided that "[t]he Director shall
convene" the Task Force, what it really meant was, again,
that "the Secretary (and not the Director) shall convene" the
Task Force. This reading of the Reorganization Plan is in-
correct. But, even if it were right, it would still leave a con-
stitutional problem.
The simplest response to the majority is that the Reor-
ganization Plan does not in fact transfer any appointment
power that the AHRQ Director may have, for the reasons I
have explained. See supra, at 17 -- 20. But, even if the Re-
organization Plan vested the Director's convening authority
in the Secretary, it would not follow that the Director auto-
matically loses that authority. It is the norm in the Execu-
tive Branch for subordinates and superiors to possess, in a
sense, the same power. By virtue of the Vesting Clause of
Article II, all executive power ultimately belongs to the
President; to the extent other Executive Branch officials
possess authority, it is only to exercise it "on his behalf."
Seila Law LLC v. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau,
-- 204 (2020) (plurality opinion). Congress
frequently recreates this structure in miniature within de-
partments. Several departments, for example, have vesting
clauses conferring all the department's authority on its sec-
retary, while at the same time other provisions confer spe-
28 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

cific powers and duties on inferior officers within the de-
partment.12 Thus, even if the Reorganization Plan prospec-
tively transfers all authority conferred by later enacted
statutes on officers in the Public Health Service, there is no
reason to think that the Plan meant to depart from the
norm of shared executive power.
The majority's empty-husk theory is also hard to square
with Congress's legislation regarding AHRQ. " 'Congress
presumably does not enact useless laws.' " Garland v. Car-
gill, (2024). And, Congress has pains-
takingly defined the powers and responsibilities of the
Agency, and its relationship to other entities in HHS, across
no fewer than 33 U. S. Code provisions. See to 299c -- 
7. Congress established AHRQ and provided for all its pow-
ers after the Reorganization Plan. Yet, if the majority is
right, there was no need to structure AHRQ in any detail,
because all the powers conferred on the Agency in fact be-
long to the Secretary alone.
Not even the majority is willing to follow its interpreta-
tion of the Reorganization Plan to its logical conclusion. Ac-
cording to the majority, the Task Force is a Public Health
Service agency subject to the Reorganization Plan. See
ante, at 14 -- 15,. Yet, the majority describes the Task
Force as having certain duties conferred by statute, see
ante, at 3 -- 5, and then, in its constitutional analysis, dis-
cusses at length how a "collection of statutes" allows the
Secretary to exercise adequate supervision over the perfor-
mance of those duties, see ante, at 14 -- 18, 20 -- 27. But, this
analysis is all superfluous under the majority's interpreta-
tion of the Reorganization Plan, wherein all the Task
Force's nominal powers really belong to the Secretary, who
can exercise them directly or delegate them to any agency

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 See, e.g., 6 U. S. C. (3) (Department of Homeland Security);

22 U. S. C. (3)(A) (Department of State); 28 U. S. C. (De-
partment of Justice).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 29

THOMAS, J., dissenting

within HHS. On this view, the Task Force can exercise au-
thority only at the sufferance of the HHS Secretary.
Even accepting the majority's empty-husk theory, how-
ever, we would still need to apply constitutional avoidance.
If Congress is not utterly irrational, its detailed allocations
of authority to agencies within the Public Health Service in
post-Reorganization Plan statutes must at least carry some
precatory force. In other words, even on the majority's in-
terpretation of the Reorganization Plan, Congress at least
recommended that the AHRQ Director exercise the power
to convene the Task Force. "Congress is a coequal branch
of government whose Members take the same oath we do to
uphold the Constitution of the United States." Rostker v.
Goldberg, (1981). We must therefore pre-
sume that, in all of its "judgments," even precatory ones, it
means to adhere to the Constitution. Ibid. Thus, even on
the empty-husk view of the Reorganization Plan, we would
still have a duty to avoid reading the power to "convene" as
the power to appoint if fairly possible.
Finally, the majority suggests that, even if Congress has
"vested appointment authority in both the Secretary and
the AHRQ Director," that decision raises no "constitutional
concerns so long as the Secretary was the one to actually
make the appointments." Ante, at 41,. Not so. When
choosing between possible readings of a statute, we must
adopt the one that will prevent the statute from being un-
constitutional in any respect, even if the statute is constitu-
tional as applied to the case before us. See Clark v. Mar-
tinez, -- 383 (2005). And, if the power to
convene includes the power to appoint, then -- 4(a)(1)
is unconstitutional insofar as it confers authority on the Di-
rector. There is no escaping the canon of constitutional
avoidance, and applying that canon, "convene" clearly can-
not mean "appoint."
30 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

2
Even if Congress had vested appointment power in the
Director, the majority is still incorrect to hold that the Re-
organization Plan transfers that power to the Secretary.
To begin, the power to appoint the Task Force is not a
"function" of the Director because the appointment of an of-
ficer is not a "function" under the Reorganization Act and
because appointment is not a power the Director validly en-
joys. See supra, at 18 -- 20. The majority disregards these
defects in its reading.
Nor can the majority explain why the Reorganization
Plan extends to later enacted functions. The majority ap-
peals to the Dictionary Act, ante, at 38, but that Act recog-
nizes that "the present tense" does not "include the future"
where "context indicates otherwise." 1 U. S. C.. Here,
the Reorganization Act supplies critical contrary context by
providing that a reorganization plan cannot "authoriz[e] an
agency to exercise a function which is not expressly author-
ized by law at the time the plan is transmitted to Congress."
5 U. S. C. (4) (1964 ed., Supp. II).
The majority objects that this provision bars the President
from acting, not Congress. Ante, at 38 -- 39. But, while Con-
gress is welcome to confer new powers on the Secretary
whenever it likes, it chose in 42 U. S. C. -- 4(a)(1) to
confer authority on the Director. The Reorganization Plan
cannot alter that allocation of authority unless the Presi-
dent violated (4) by issuing a plan that applies to fu-
ture enactments.13
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 The majority seeks support from an Office of Legal Counsel memo-

randum authored by the future Chief Justice Rehnquist. Ante, at 38 -- 39.
But, that memorandum merely cautions against an unduly strict reading
of the phrase " 'expressly authorized by law.' " Rehnquist Memorandum
29. It says nothing about the temporal limit imposed by 5 U. S. C.
(4). The majority also cites 1966 congressional testimony by the
then Secretary stating that the Reorganization Plan would give him "the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 31

THOMAS, J., dissenting

The majority's concern appears to be that applying
(4) as written would produce "untenable -- bordering
on absurd -- results" by giving the Secretary no control over
post-1966 functions of the Public Health Service. Ante, at
39. That concern is misplaced. As Congress has enacted
new functions for the Public Health Service, it has con-
ferred new grants of supervisory authority to go with them.
When Congress established AHRQ, for instance, it provided
that "[t]he Secretary shall carry out this subchapter acting
through the Director," thereby giving the Secretary control
over all of AHRQ's functions. 42 U. S. C.. Congress
has also generally provided that "[t]he Public Health Ser-
vice... shall be administered by the Assistant Secretary
for Health under the supervision and direction of the Sec-
retary.". Any new enactment concerning the Public
Health Service will therefore fall within the Secretary's
purview, without any need to rely on the Reorganization
Plan. The real absurdity is to hold, as the majority does,
that Congress can establish an entire agency and set out its
functions in minute detail only for the Reorganization Plan
to automatically deprive the agency of those functions. See
ante, at 33.
The majority also cannot brush aside the problem that a
presidentially issued reorganization plan is not a "law" that
can confer appointment power. The majority claims that
point is "irrelevant" because Congress made the Plan a law
when it ratified the Plan in 1984. Ante, at 37. But, the 1984
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
'flexibility' 'to reorganize' the Service" both in 1966 "and 'at any future
time.' " Ante, at 39. This "legislative history is not the law." Epic Sys-
tems Corp. v. Lewis, (2018). And, in any event, the
Secretary never testified that the Reorganization Plan would override
future statutes creating agencies within the Public Health Service or
vesting authority in officers of the Public Health Service. Nor would ap-
plying (4) as written prevent the Secretary from restructuring the
powers conferred on him by the Plan at any future time. It would prevent
him only from claiming that later conferred powers fall within the scope
of the Plan.
32 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Act simply "ratifie[d] and affirme[d]" the Plan as it then ex-
isted. 98 Stat. 2705. It did not purport to expand the "func-
tions" transferred by the Plan. And, we must presume that
the Plan, when issued, was consistent with both the Reor-
ganization Act and the Constitution. Thus, any reading
that, like the majority's, would have unnecessarily placed
the Plan in conflict with either of those authorities must be
rejected.
Finally, the majority mistakenly contends that constitu-
tional avoidance supports its reading of the Reorganization
Plan. Ante, at 41. An essential premise of the majority's
argument is that Congress has unconstitutionally vested
appointment power in (or, at a minimum, has encouraged
the Secretary to unconstitutionally delegate appointment
power to) the AHRQ Director. Supra, at 16, 29. Reading
the Reorganization Plan to transfer appointment power
does not make that defect disappear. It only creates new
constitutional problems -- namely, by authorizing the Secre-
tary to delegate appointment authority to other officers in
HHS and by implying that the Reorganization Act author-
ized the President to vest the appointment of officers. Su-
pra, at 20. The only approach that genuinely avoids a con-
stitutional problem is the one that the majority refuses to
entertain: reading the Director's convening power not to en-
compass the power to appoint.
IV
The majority's erroneous statutory holding may save the
Secretary's midappeal claim of authority, but it makes hash
of Congress's design. Congress established the Task Force
to be an independent agency that answers directly to the
President. By misinterpreting the statute, the Court recon-
figures the Task Force to be subordinate to the Secretary of
HHS.
Because the majority concludes that Congress has vested
the appointment power for the Task Force in the Secretary,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 33

THOMAS, J., dissenting

it must also consider whether the Task Force's members are
principal or inferior officers under the Appointments
Clause. The majority holds that they are inferior because
(1) the Secretary can remove Task Force members at will,
and (2) the Secretary can directly review and block the Task
Force's recommendations. Ante, at 10. But, the majority's
statutory error infects its reasoning on both points.
As I have noted, the power to remove follows the power
to appoint. Supra, at 9. The majority's sole basis for finding
that the Secretary can remove Task Force members is its
erroneous statutory holding. See ante, at 11 -- 12.
The majority's threshold error likewise leads it to read in
a power of direct supervision that would not otherwise ex-
ist. Because, on the majority's view, the Task Force's con-
stitutionality turns on whether it is subordinate to the Sec-
retary, it must find that the Secretary has control over the
Task Force if it fairly can. See supra, at 9. But, viewing
the question as one of pure statutory interpretation, it is
clear that Congress did not mean for the Secretary to exer-
cise control over the Task Force's recommendations.
The majority relies on 42 U. S. C. and the Reorgan-
ization Plan to find that the Secretary has "general super-
visory authority" over the Task Force (although, again,
there would be no reason to discuss any other statute if the
majority took seriously its own interpretation of the Reor-
ganization Plan). Ante, at 14. The former provides that the
Public Health Service "shall be administered... under the
supervision and direction of the Secretary,", and the
latter that the Secretary may perform "all functions of the
Public Health Service," Reorganization Plan. A key
premise of the majority's analysis is thus that the Task
Force is part of the Public Health Service.
By statute, the Public Health Service "shall consist of "
AHRQ and four other agencies not relevant here. 42
U. S. C.. Thus, the only way to conclude that the Task
Force is part of the Public Health Service is to find that it
34 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

is part of AHRQ. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 33 -- 34.
The Task Force is not part of AHRQ. Section 299b -- 
4(a)(1) provides that the AHRQ Director shall convene an
"independent Preventive Services Task Force." (Emphasis
added.) When modifying a federal agency, the term "inde-
pendent" often means "not part of and... therefore inde-
pendent of any other unit of the Federal Government." Col-
lins v. Yellen, (2021); see, e.g., Harrow v.
Department of Defense, (2024); Federal
Election Comm'n v. Beaumont, (2003); J.
Selin & D. Lewis, Administrative Conference of the United
States, Sourcebook of United States Executive Agencies 17 -- 
18 (2d ed. 2018). That subsection (a)(1) uses "independent"
in this sense is clear from its contrast with subsection (b)(1),
which "establishe[s] within the Agency [i.e., AHRQ] a Cen-
ter for Primary Care Research." (Emphasis added.) Fur-
ther, subsection (a)(3), entitled "Role of Agency," provides
that "[t]he Agency shall provide ongoing administrative, re-
search, and technical support for the operations of the Task
Force." If the Task Force were part of AHRQ, presumably
all of subsection (a), and not simply subsection (a)(3), would
describe the Agency's role. And, it is awkward to refer to
an agency as "provid[ing] support for" a part of itself. Fi-
nally, subsection (a)(6) provides that the members of the
Task Force and their recommendations "shall be independ-
ent and, to the extent practicable, not subject to political
pressure." This language implies that the Task Force is not
subject to supervision beyond the supervisory authority
that the President holds over all executive officers under
Article II.
It is not difficult to see why Congress might have wanted
to make the Task Force independent of the HHS Secretary.
Congress presumably thought that the "individuals with
appropriate expertise" who serve on the Task Force would
be better positioned than the Secretary to determine "the
effectiveness, appropriateness, and cost-effectiveness of
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 35

THOMAS, J., dissenting

clinical preventive services" by the standards of "scientific
evidence." -- 4(a)(1). Congress's choice to make the
Task Force answer directly to the President thus likely re-
flects an important policy judgment.
Before adopting its new theory on appeal, the Govern-
ment had consistently understood the Task Force to be in-
dependent of AHRQ and HHS. Task Force recommenda-
tions, which are published by AHRQ, contain the disclaimer
that the Task Force's views are not "an official position of
AHRQ or the U. S. Department of Health and Human Ser-
vices." U. S. Preventive Services Task Force, The Guide to
Clinical Preventive Services (2014). AHRQ's website ex-
plains that, "[w]hile AHRQ staff supports the Task Force,... the Task Force is an independent body, and its work
does not require AHRQ or HHS approval."14 And, in this
very suit, the Government initially asserted that the Task
Force "is not part of " AHRQ, and characterized the Task
Force as "an independent body of medical experts" acting
"independently for [its] own purposes." ECF Doc. 64, at 51 -- 
52, and.
The majority maintains that the Task Force is part of the
Public Health Service because it is " 'convened' " and " 'sup-
ported by the Public Health Service.' " Ante, at 16,.
Congress has told us, however, that the Task Force is part
of the Public Health Service only if it is part of AHRQ. See
42 U. S. C.. That " 'explicit definition' " must " 'con-
trol' " our analysis. Burgess v. United States, -- 130 (2008). Neither consideration that the majority
raises speaks to the dispositive issue whether the Task
Force is part of AHRQ.15 Perhaps the analysis would be
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 U. S. Preventive Services Task Force (Sept. 2024), https://www.ahrq.

gov/cpi/about/otherwebsites/uspstf/index.html.
15 The majority also claims that the Task Force is part of the Public

Health Service because the Public Health Service " 'select[s]' " and " 'su-
pervise[s]' " it. Ante, at 16,. Both assertions are false. First, as I
36 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

different if the only alternative were to deem the Task Force
unconstitutionally structured. But, looking simply to the
best meaning of the language Congress enacted, it is clear
that the Task Force is not part of AHRQ or the Public
Health Service more broadly, and thus that it is not subject
to meaningful supervision by the Secretary.16
The majority protests that we should not lightly conclude
that Congress created a "powerful independent agency"
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
have explained, no statute vests the appointment of the Task Force's
members in the Secretary or any other officer of the Public Health Ser-
vice. The majority's reliance on this supposed fact further underscores
that its threshold statutory error infects its supervision analysis. Sec-
ond, it begs the question to argue that the Task Force is part of the Public
Health Service because the Public Health Service supervises it. We can-
not know whether the Public Health Service has legal authority to su-
pervise the Task Force unless we first determine that the Task Force is
part of the Public Health Service. See 42 U. S. C. ; Reorganization
Plan. And, as a matter of historical fact, from 2010 until the start
of this suit, the Public Health Service has not purported to supervise the
Task Force. See supra, at 35.
The majority further errs in claiming that the challengers concede that
the Task Force is part of the Public Health Service. Ante, at 16,. The
challengers concede only that the Task Force was "an advisory commit-
tee within the Public Health Service" when it "was first created in 1984."
Supp. Brief for Respondents 1. They maintain that the ACA elevated the
Task Force to the status of "an independent agency." Brief for Respond-
ents 53.
16 The majority also invokes 42 U. S. C. -- 13 and 300gg -- 92.

The former provision requires the Secretary to impose a minimum inter-
val of at least one year before the Task Force's recommendations become
legally binding. -- 13(b). The latter provision gives the Secretary
authority to issue regulations "to carry out the provisions of th[e] sub-
chapter" containing -- 13. The majority concludes that these pro-
visions -- when combined with the Secretary's purported power to remove
the Task Force's members and to supervise them under and the
Reorganization Plan -- empower him to control the content of the Task
Force's recommendations. Ante, at 12 -- 13, 15. Without those additional
sources of supervisory power, -- 13 and 300gg -- 92 are best read to
give the Secretary power to determine only when insurers can be ex-
pected to come into compliance with the Task Force's recommendations,
not to control the substance of those recommendations.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 37

THOMAS, J., dissenting

with "unchecked power in making preventive-services rec-
ommendations of great consequence" for the public. Ante,
at 26. This rhetoric is entirely out of place. Even if the Task
Force is independent of the Secretary, it is still subordinate
to the President, which is all that matters from a constitu-
tional standpoint. The President can remove Task Force
members at will. Myers v. United States, -- 
164 (1926). And, the Vesting Clause may also empower the
President to "issue binding orders" to the Task Force and
"nullify" its decisions. S. Calabresi & S. Prakash, The Pres-
ident's Power To Execute the Laws, 104 Yale L. J. 541, 584,
596 (1994). Nor need an agency be especially "powerful,"
ante, at 26, to be independent. The Railroad Retirement
Board, Peace Corps, and Chemical Safety and Hazard In-
vestigation Board, for example, are all independent agen-
cies despite having relatively narrow authority. See 22
U. S. C. ; 42 U. S. C. (6); 45 U. S. C..
Even more curiously, the majority professes reluctance to
find that an agency is independent absent language "explic-
itly conferring for-cause removal protection on the agency's
leadership" and "an express statement that those agency
heads shall be nominated by the President and confirmed
by the Senate." Ante, at 27. It is unconstitutional for any
agency head wielding "significant executive power" to be re-
movable only for cause. Seila Law, 591 U. S., at 220; ac-
cord, Trump v. Wilcox, 605 U. S. ___ (2025). But, Congress
is free to create independent agencies subject to Presiden-
tial control if it wishes. We therefore have no business say-
ing that we will not recognize an agency as independent un-
less Congress also tacks on removal restrictions. In fact,
"Congress has described many agencies as 'independent'
without imposing any restriction on the President's power
to remove the agency's leadership." Collins, 494 U. S., at
249 (collecting examples). Likewise, to presume appoint-
ment by a department head absent explicit statutory lan-
38 KENNEDY v. BRAIDWOOD MANAGEMENT, INC.

THOMAS, J., dissenting

guage to the contrary inverts the default mode of appoint-
ment established by the Appointments Clause.
In sum, Congress enacted a constitutional, independent
Task Force subject to the President's control but not to the
control of the Secretary of HHS. To save the Task Force
from its threshold error, the majority alters Congress's le-
gitimate design.
* * *
Under our Constitution, appointment by the President
with Senate confirmation is the rule. Appointment by a de-
partment head is an exception that Congress must con-
sciously choose to adopt. The Framers established this rule
to ensure that the President is accountable for the selection
of officers in the Executive Branch. And, it is the law,
whether we agree with it or not. Had the Court taken seri-
ously this rule, it would not have rushed to rule on the Gov-
ernment's new theory, much less adopted it. I respectfully
dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH delivered the opinion of the Court.
Pursuant to the Clean Air Act, the U. S. Environmental
Protection Agency approved California regulations
requiring automakers to alter their fleets of new vehicles.
Under those California regulations, automakers must
manufacture more electric vehicles and fewer gasoline-
powered vehicles. The goal is to decrease emissions from
the use of gasoline and other liquid fuels. Producers of
gasoline and other liquid fuels sued EPA, arguing that
EPA's approval of the California regulations violated the
Clean Air Act.
The sole issue before this Court is whether the fuel
producers have standing to maintain their suit.
The fuel producers assert that the California regulations
reduce the manufacture and sale of cars powered by
gasoline and other liquid fuels, thereby causing a decrease
in sales of those fuels by the fuel producers. So fuel
producers take in less revenue than they would in a free
market. Invalidating the regulations, they say, would
remove a regulatory impediment to their ability to fully
compete in the market. And without California's
2 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

regulations in effect, manufacturers would likely make
more cars powered by gasoline and other liquid fuels,
thereby increasing purchases of those fuels and redressing
the fuel producers' injury.
EPA and California dispute redressability. They suggest
that, even if the regulations are invalidated, car
manufacturers nonetheless would not manufacture more
gasoline-powered cars. They posit that the California
regulations no longer have any impact because, in a free
market, consumer demand for and manufacturers' supply
of electric vehicles would still supposedly exceed what the
California regulations mandate.
Based on this Court's precedents and the evidence in the
record, we hold that the fuel producers have standing. We
therefore reverse the contrary judgment of the U. S. Court
of Appeals for the D. C. Circuit and remand for that court
to consider the merits of the fuel producers' legal claims.
I
A
As relevant here, the Clean Air Act requires the
Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, to periodically
"prescribe... standards" that limit emissions of certain air
pollutants from new motor vehicles. 42 U. S. C.
(1). To promote uniformity in vehicle emissions
regulations, the Act also preempts state standards "relating
to the control of emissions from new motor vehicles.".
But the Act's preemption provision exempts California.
Under certain circumstances, California may adopt
emissions standards for new motor vehicles that are more
stringent than EPA's. California may do so when it
concludes that more stringent standards are needed to meet
"compelling and extraordinary conditions." (1)(B).
Other States may also adopt California's stricter limits on
emissions from new motor vehicles, but may not adopt or
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

enforce state standards that differ from California's..
The upshot of this system is that EPA sets nationwide
emissions standards for new motor vehicles; California in
limited circumstances may set more stringent emissions
standards for vehicles sold in the State; and other States
may either follow EPA's standards or adopt California's but
may not set their own.
Over the years, California has often requested and
received EPA approval for stricter emissions standards to
combat local California air-quality problems like smog.
See, e.g., 38 Fed. Reg. 10319 (1973).
Beginning in 2005, California also attempted to use its
unique preemption exception as one means to address
global climate change. As relevant here, the State asked
EPA for approval of regulations that limit greenhouse-gas
emissions and force electrification of the new vehicle fleet
sold in the State. See 73 Fed. Reg. 12157 (2008).
In 2008, under the George W. Bush administration, EPA
denied California's first such request. EPA explained that
the Clean Air Act permits California to enact standards to
address local and regional pollution where the causal
factors are tied to California. But EPA reasoned that the
authority granted to California did not extend to efforts to
combat global climate change. See id., at 12156 -- 12157,
12168.
Since then, as Presidential administrations have come
and gone, EPA has repeatedly altered its legal position on
whether the Clean Air Act authorizes California
regulations targeting greenhouse-gas emissions from new
motor vehicles.
This case involves California's 2012 request for EPA
approval of new California regulations. As relevant here,
those regulations generally require automakers (i) to limit
average greenhouse-gas emissions across their fleets of new
motor vehicles sold in the State and (ii) to manufacture a
certain percentage of electric vehicles as part of their
4 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

vehicle fleets. Cal. Code Regs., tit. 13,.3, 1962.2
(2022). The greenhouse-gas emissions limits remain in
force indefinitely into the future, and the specific
requirements for electric vehicles in new vehicle fleets run
through model year 2025. See ibid. (EPA has separately
approved a new California electric-vehicle mandate that
applies through model year 2035 and beyond; that separate
set of regulations is not at issue in this suit.1)
Under President Obama, EPA reversed its legal position
and, in 2013, allowed the California regulations to take
effect. 78 Fed. Reg. 2112 (2013). Then in 2019, under
President Trump, EPA flipped back and rescinded approval
of the California regulations. 84 Fed. Reg. 51328 (2019). In
2022, under President Biden, EPA again reversed course
and reinstated approval of California's regulations. 87 Fed.
Reg. 14333 (2022). That is where things stand as of now,
although President Trump has directed EPA to again
reconsider its approval of California's standards. Exec.
Order No. 14154, 90 Fed. Reg. 8353 -- 8354 (2025).
To date, acting pursuant to the Clean Air Act, 17 States
and the District of Columbia have copied California's
greenhouse-gas emissions standards for new motor
vehicles, the electric-vehicle mandate, or both. Together
with California, those jurisdictions account for about 40
percent of America's market for new cars and light-duty
trucks.
B
In 2022, after EPA reinstated approval of California's
2012 regulations, several fuel producers sued EPA in the
D. C. Circuit. The fuel producers primarily argued that
EPA lacked authority under the Clean Air Act to approve
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Acting under the Congressional Review Act, Congress recently

passed and the President signed legislation to block that separate set of
California regulations. See H. J. Res. No. 88, 119th Cong., 1st Sess.
(2025).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

the California regulations. They reasoned that the
regulations did not target a local California air-quality
problem -- as they say is required by the Clean Air Act -- but
instead were designed to address global climate change.
The fuel producers manufacture and sell automobile fuels
such as gasoline, diesel, and ethanol. For example,
American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers is a
national trade association that represents many American
fuel companies that produce and sell gasoline and other
liquid fuels for automobiles. Diamond Alternative Energy
sells renewable diesel, an alternative to traditional
petroleum-derived diesel. Valero Renewable Fuels
Company manufactures and sells ethanol.
To establish Article III standing for their D. C. Circuit
challenge, the fuel producers submitted 14 declarations and
devoted two pages of their opening brief to standing. In one
declaration, for example, an analyst for American Fuel &
Petrochemical Manufacturers explained that "the demand
for gasoline and diesel fuel will be depressed" by
California's regulations (also adopted by 17 other States)
because they "require the sale of vehicles that use less
gasoline and diesel fuel" or "use no liquid fuel at all." App.
172 -- 174. As support, the declaration quoted California's
own estimate that "its regulations would cause 'substantial
reductions in demand for gasoline exceeding $1 billion
beginning in 2020 and increasing to over $10 billion in
2030.' " Id., at 173. Various fuel producers further stated
that those "injuries would be substantially ameliorated if
EPA's decision" to reinstate the waiver "were set aside."
Id., at 137, 181.
Notably, in the D. C. Circuit, EPA did not argue that the
fuel producers lacked Article III standing. EPA's silence on
standing was telling -- the proverbial dog that did not
bark -- because EPA routinely challenges a party's standing
when the agency believes that injury in fact, causation, or
redressability is questionable. So EPA's failure to do so
6 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

here tends to suggest that EPA believed that the fuel
producers had standing.
California, along with other States that chose to adopt
California's regulations, intervened in the D. C. Circuit to
defend EPA's approval of those regulations. To support its
motion to intervene, California submitted declarations
emphasizing the importance of the regulations -- now and in
the future -- to meeting California's emissions-control goals.
For example, a California official responsible for Clean Air
Act compliance stated that, without the regulations, "it is
reasonable to expect that there would be fewer" electric
vehicles "produced and sold..., and thus additional
gasoline-fueled vehicles produced and sold during these
model years." Id., at 110. All of that "would increase
criteria pollutant emissions," as California's own "modeling
has confirmed." Ibid. Another California official explained
that invalidating the fleet-wide emissions standards and
electric-vehicle mandate "would result in higher
greenhouse gas and criteria pollutant emissions" from the
"additional gasoline-fueled cars" that would be produced
and sold. Id., at 115.
After the D. C. Circuit granted California's motion to
intervene, however, California completely changed its tune
about the continuing impact of the regulations. In its
merits briefing in that court, California suddenly argued
that the fuel producers lacked Article III standing because
they had not "established any probability" that automobile
"manufacturers would change course if EPA's decision were
vacated." Brief for State and Local Government
Respondent-Intervenors in No. 22 -- 1081 (CADC), p. 15.
Specifically, California suggested that because of supposed
"surging consumer demand" for electric vehicles,
invalidating the fleet-wide emissions standards and
electric-vehicle mandate would not cause vehicle
manufacturers to make more gasoline-powered vehicles.
Id., at 14. Therefore, California argued that judicial
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

invalidation of the California regulations was not likely to
redress the fuel producers' injuries.
The D. C. Circuit agreed with California and held that
the fuel producers lacked Article III standing. Ohio v. EPA,
98 F. 4th 288, 300 (2024). The court explained that
redressability depended on how third-party automakers
would act in the absence of California's fleet-wide emissions
standards and electric-vehicle mandate. According to the
D. C. Circuit, the fuel producers failed to "cite any record
evidence" or "file additional affidavits or other evidence"
demonstrating that automakers would respond to
invalidation of the regulations by producing fewer electric
vehicles and more gasoline-powered vehicles. Id., at 303
(quotation marks and alteration omitted).2
This Court granted certiorari limited to the question of
whether the fuel producers have Article III standing. 604
U. S. ___ (2024).
II
Article III of the Constitution confines the jurisdiction of
federal courts to "Cases" and "Controversies.", cl. 1. For
a lawsuit to constitute a case within the meaning of Article
III, the plaintiff must have standing to sue. To demonstrate
standing, plaintiffs must answer a basic question -- 
" 'What's it to you?' " FDA v. Alliance for Hippocratic
Medicine, (2024). It may be that some of the D. C. Circuit's standing
analysis stemmed from a misunderstanding about when the California
fleet-wide emissions standards expire.
8 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

Separation of Powers, 17 Suffolk U. L. Rev. 881, 882
(1983)). In other words, plaintiffs must show that they
possess "a 'personal stake' in the dispute" and are not mere
bystanders. 602 U. S., at 379 ).
"By limiting who can sue, the standing requirement
implements 'the Framers' concept of the proper -- and
properly limited -- role of the courts in a democratic
society.' " 602 U. S., at 380 ). Standing doctrine also " 'tends to assure that the
legal questions presented to the court will be resolved, not
in the rarified atmosphere of a debating society, but in a
concrete factual context conducive to a realistic
appreciation of the consequences of judicial action.' " 602
U. S., at 379 ).
This Court's "cases have established that the irreducible
constitutional minimum of standing contains three
elements": injury in fact, causation, and redressability.
Lujan v. Defenders of Wildlife, (1992).
The first requirement, injury in fact, requires the
plaintiff to demonstrate an injury that is "concrete,"
"particularized," and "actual or imminent, not speculative."
Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 381
(quotation marks omitted). "Monetary costs are of course
an injury." United States v. Texas, 
(2023).
The second and third requirements, causation and
redressability, are usually "flip sides of the same coin."
Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 380
(quotation marks omitted). Causation requires the plaintiff
to show "that the injury was likely caused by the
defendant," and redressability requires the plaintiff to
demonstrate "that the injury would likely be redressed by
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

judicial relief." TransUnion, 594 U. S., at 423. "If a
defendant's action causes an injury, enjoining the action or
awarding damages for the action will typically redress that
injury." Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at
381. To be sure, redressability "can still pose an
independent bar in some cases," but "the two key questions
in most standing disputes are injury in fact and causation."
Id., at 381, and. The additional redressability
requirement generally serves to ensure that there is a
sufficient "relationship between 'the judicial relief
requested' and the 'injury' suffered." California v. Texas,
(2021) ); see Haaland v. Brackeen, -- 293 (2023).
Importantly, if a plaintiff is "an object of the action (or
forgone action) at issue," then "there is ordinarily little
question that the action or inaction has caused him injury,
and that a judgment preventing or requiring the action will
redress it." Lujan, 504 U. S., at 561 -- 562.
When the plaintiff is not the object of a government
regulation, however, causation and redressability often
depend on how regulated third parties not before the court
will act in response to the government regulation or judicial
relief. See Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at
383. Courts must distinguish the "predictable" from the
"speculative" effects of government action or judicial relief
on third parties. Ibid.; see also Department of Commerce v.
New York, (2019). With respect to
causation (and redressability), a court must conclude that
" 'third parties will likely react' " to the government
regulation (or judicial relief) " 'in predictable ways' " that
will likely cause (or redress) the plaintiff's injury. Alliance
for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 383.
Here, the fuel producers say that they suffered injury in
fact caused by the California regulations. They point out
10 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

that the entire purpose of California's fleet-wide emissions
standards and electric-vehicle mandate is to reduce the use
of gasoline and other liquid fuels in motor vehicles as
compared to what otherwise would occur in a free market.
The regulations cause automakers to, among other things,
produce fewer gasoline-powered vehicles. That in turn
causes fewer gasoline sales, leading to a monetary injury in
fact for producers of gasoline and other liquid fuels.
As to redressability, the fuel producers say that
invalidating the California regulations would likely redress
their injury because it would remove a regulatory
impediment to the sale and use of their products. They
further contend that, absent the regulations, automakers
would likely produce fewer electric vehicles and more
gasoline-powered vehicles. Production of those vehicles
would predictably lead to more purchases of gasoline and
other liquid fuels sold by the fuel producers. In short, they
argue that when the government tells automakers to make
more cars that use less gasoline, there should be little
question that the gasoline producers have standing to sue.
In this Court, neither EPA nor California meaningfully
disputes injury in fact or causation. But they argue that
the fuel producers did not establish redressability.
According to EPA and California, even if the California
regulations are invalidated, the fuel producers have not
shown that vehicle manufacturers would reduce the
percentage of their fleets that consist of electric vehicles (or
otherwise stated, increase the percentage that consists of
gasoline-powered vehicles). EPA and California suggest
that the automobile market has changed -- apparently
permanently in their view -- and strong consumer demand
for (and manufacturers' supply of) electric vehicles means
that automakers are unlikely to manufacture or sell any
additional gasoline-powered cars even if the California
regulations are invalidated.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

III
We hold that the fuel producers have standing to sue.
To begin, the injury in fact and causation elements of the
fuel producers' standing, which no party disputes, are
straightforward.
As for injury in fact, the fuel producers make money by
selling fuel. Therefore, the decrease in purchases of
gasoline and other liquid fuels resulting from the California
regulations hurts their bottom line. Those monetary costs
"are of course an injury." United States v. Texas, (2023).
As for causation, EPA's approval authorized California
(and ultimately 17 other States) to enforce regulations that
require lower fleet-wide greenhouse-gas emissions and the
electrification of automakers' vehicle fleets, thereby
reducing purchases of liquid fuels such as gasoline. The
regulations likely cause fuel producers' monetary injuries
because the regulations likely cause a decrease in
purchases of gasoline and other liquid fuels for automobiles.
Indeed, that is the whole point of the regulations.
As for redressability, invalidating the California
regulations would likely redress at least some of the fuel
producers' monetary injuries.3 Even "one dollar" of
additional revenue for the fuel producers would satisfy the
redressability component of Article III standing.
Uzuegbunam v. Preczewski, (2021). And
as we will explain, it is "likely" that invalidating the
California regulations would result in more revenue for the
fuel producers from additional sales of gasoline and other
liquid fuels. FDA v. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, (2024).
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 In this opinion, we use the term "invalidated" as shorthand to

describe the result from setting aside EPA's approval of the California
regulations. Under D. C. Circuit precedent, setting aside EPA's approval
would mean that California may not enforce its greenhouse-gas
emissions limits and electric-vehicle mandate for new vehicle fleets.
12 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

A
When a plaintiff is the "object" of a government
regulation, there should "ordinarily" be "little question"
that the regulation causes injury to the plaintiff and that
invalidating the regulation would redress the plaintiff's
injuries. Lujan v. Defenders of Wildlife, 
(1992).
The fuel producers here might be considered an object of
the California regulations because the regulations
explicitly seek to restrict the use of gasoline and other
liquid fuels in automobiles. When the government
prohibits or impedes Company A from using Company B's
product, then both Company A and Company B might be
deemed objects of the government action at issue. For
example, if the government bans hot dog sales in stadiums,
then hot dog manufacturers, not just stadiums, might be
considered objects of the regulation. If the government
prohibits aluminum bats in Little League, then aluminum
bat manufacturers, not only Little League, might be objects
of the regulation. If the government bans bookstores from
selling certain publishers' books, then those publishers, not
just bookstores, might be objects of the regulation. See
Bennett v. Spear, (1997); Energy Future
Coalition v. EPA, 793 F. 3d 141, 144 -- 145 (CADC 2015).
This Court has applied principles of that kind in various
contexts. For example, when a State prohibited parents
from sending their children to private schools, affected
schools had standing to sue, even though parents were the
directly regulated parties. See Pierce v. Society of Sisters,
-- 536 (1925). And when the Federal
Communications Commission announced that it would
deny a license to any broadcasting station that conducted
certain business with broadcasting networks, a
broadcasting network (CBS) had standing to sue even
though broadcasting stations were the directly regulated
parties. See Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. v. United
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

States, (1942).
According to the fuel producers, when a regulation
targets the provider of a product or service by limiting
another entity's use of that product or service, the targeted
provider ordinarily has standing -- without the need for
much additional analysis. See Bennett, 520 U. S., at 169.
So too here, according to the fuel producers. As they see it,
the government is targeting the use of gasoline and other
liquid fuels by regulating at the assembly line rather than
the gas pump. Either way, they say that the California
regulations pose a legal barrier to the fuel producers' sale
of their products and deny them the opportunity to compete
in the marketplace without government interference. And
the fuel producers assert that removing a coercive
government standard that restricts the use of their
products would allow them to compete more fully in the
marketplace and thus provide redress for purposes of
Article III. See ibid.; Energy Future Coalition, 793 F. 3d, at
144 -- 145.
That argument is not without force and, at a minimum,
highlights how the government might seek to indirectly
target a product or service "through a conduit" in addition
to regulating it directly. Brief for Petitioners 43. But we
ultimately need not further consider that argument in this
case because, regardless, the fuel producers have readily
demonstrated their standing.
B
This case presents what the Court has described as the
"familiar" circumstance where government regulation of a
business "may be likely" to cause injuries to other linked
businesses. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at
384. As the Court has explained, "when the government
regulates (or under-regulates) a business, the regulation (or
lack thereof) may cause downstream or upstream economic
injuries to others in the chain, such as certain
14 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

manufacturers, retailers, suppliers, competitors, or
customers." Ibid.
In cases of that kind, this Court's analysis of causation
and redressability has recognized commonsense economic
realities. When third party behavior is predictable,
commonsense inferences may be drawn. Importantly, EPA
agrees that "commonsense economic principles" can be
useful when evaluating Article III standing. Brief for
Federal Respondents 39.
In this case, those commonsense economic principles
support the fuel producers' standing. The California
regulations force automakers to manufacture more electric
vehicles and fewer gasoline-powered vehicles. See Bennett,
520 U. S., at 169.4 The standards force automakers to
produce a fleet of vehicles that, as a whole, uses
significantly less gasoline and other liquid fuels.
California's regulation of automakers' vehicle fleets in turn
will likely "cause downstream or upstream economic
injuries to others in the chain," such as producers of
gasoline and other liquid fuels. Alliance for Hippocratic
Medicine, 602 U. S., at 384.
By the same token, the fuel producers persuasively
contend that invalidating California's regulations would
likely mean more gasoline-powered automobiles, which
would in turn likely mean more sales of gasoline and other
liquid fuels by the fuel producers. See Bennett, 520 U. S.,
at 170 -- 171. Because the fuel producers have suffered
classic monetary injury caused by a government regulatory
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Recall that the California regulations at issue impose a direct

electric-vehicle mandate along with fleet-wide limits on average
greenhouse-gas emissions from new motor vehicles. Automakers may
comply with the fleet-wide emissions limits by producing more electric
vehicles, more low-emission vehicles, or both. See Cal. Code Regs., tit.
13,.3(a)(1), (a)(4). For the sake of simplicity, we refer to the
production of additional electric vehicles, recognizing that some
manufacturers may also (or alternatively) manufacture additional low-
emission vehicles to comply with California's fleet-wide emissions limits.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

action, it would be surprising and unusual if invalidating
the regulations did not redress the fuel producers' injuries.
See Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 381 ("If
a defendant's action causes an injury, enjoining the action... will typically redress that injury"). After all, the fact
that a regulation was designed to produce a particular
effect on the market ordinarily means that the likely result
of vacating that regulation would be to reduce that effect on
the market. Cf. Lujan, 504 U. S., at 561 -- 562.
EPA and California push back on that reasoning,
asserting that this case is unusual and does not fit the
typical pattern. They suggest that the new vehicle market
has developed in a way that even if the California
regulations are invalidated, automakers would not likely
manufacture or sell more gasoline-powered cars than they
do now.
To begin with, that is an odd argument for EPA and
California to advance. After all, if invalidating the
regulations would change nothing in the market, why are
EPA and California enforcing and defending the
regulations? The whole point of the regulations is to
increase the number of electric vehicles in the new
automobile market beyond what consumers would
otherwise demand and what automakers would otherwise
manufacture and sell. And EPA and California are
presumably defending the regulations because they think
that the regulations still make a difference in the market.
In all events, record evidence confirms what common
sense tells us: Invalidating the regulations likely (not
certainly, but likely) would make a difference for fuel
producers because automakers would likely manufacture
more vehicles that run on gasoline and other liquid fuels.
First, the fuel producers' standing declarations explain
that California's regulations have historically harmed the
fuel producers by causing a decrease in purchases of fuel.
The declarations further quote California's estimate that
16 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

its standards would produce " 'substantial reductions in
demand for gasoline exceeding $1 billion beginning in 2020
and increasing to over $10 billion in 2030.' " App. 173. The fuel producers' declarations
emphasize, moreover, that California itself asserted that
the State's standards would reduce emissions partly
through " 'reductions in fuel production.' " Id., at 148. The
declarations also note that California recognized that the
"oil and gas industry" and "fuel providers" would likely be
"most adversely affected" by the regulations due to "the
resulting substantial reductions in demand for gasoline."
Id., at 137 (quotation marks omitted).
Second, the record reveals that California itself stated in
2021, when asking EPA to reinstate the regulations, that
the regulations are "critical not just for immediate
emissions reductions" but also for "greater emission
reductions in the future." Id., at 66. And
after the fuel producers sued EPA in 2022, California
moved to intervene and attached expert declarations
stating that California's standards are likely to decrease
fuel use. Specifically, California's experts opined that
absent California's regulations, "fewer" electric vehicles
"are likely to be sold than would otherwise have been...
and thus additional gasoline-fueled vehicles would be sold."
Id., at 115; see also id., at 110. California itself therefore
acknowledged that its regulations were still having an
impact and that invalidating the regulations would likely
affect the automobile market and increase demand for
gasoline and other liquid fuels.
Third, EPA too has stated that the California regulations
are likely to reduce consumption of fuel. When approving
California's regulations, EPA repeatedly affirmed that
California "needs" its standards "to address compelling and
extraordinary air quality conditions in the state." 87 Fed.
Reg. 14334; see id., at 14353. And in proposing to amend
California's state implementation plan under the Clean Air
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

Act more than two years after this suit was filed, EPA
credited California's estimates that the regulations would
continue reducing greenhouse-gas emissions in California
through at least 2037. 89 Fed. Reg. 82558 (2024).
Fourth, five automakers who have invested heavily in
electric vehicles -- and thus have an interest in the
government continuing to support and favor that market -- 
intervened on the side of EPA and California in the Court
of Appeals. Their motion to intervene predicted that,
absent California's regulations, other automakers would
seek a competitive advantage over them by selling fewer
electric vehicles and more gasoline-powered vehicles. See
Motion To Intervene of Ford Motor Co. et al. in No. 22 -- 1081
(CADC), pp. 4, 11 -- 12, 14. As with California's motion to
intervene, the automakers' assessment that the regulations
make a difference -- and that invalidating them would make
a difference -- indicates that the regulations are still likely
having a real-world impact on the automobile market.
In short, the commonsense economic inferences about the
operation of the automobile market -- combined with the
statements of the fuel producers, California, EPA, and the
vehicle manufacturers -- make it sufficiently "predictable"
that invalidating California's regulations would likely
redress the fuel producers' injury. Alliance for Hippocratic
Medicine, 602 U. S., at 383.
Article III's redressability requirement serves to align
injuries and remedies. The primary goals of that
requirement are to ensure that plaintiffs do not sue the
wrong parties and that courts do not issue advisory
opinions. The redressability requirement should not be
misused, however, to prevent the targets of government
regulations from challenging regulations that threaten
their businesses. EPA and California cite no case where
Article III's redressability requirement has been applied to
prevent challenges to a regulation setting a permanent
ceiling on the sale or use of a business's products. Here, the
18 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

fuel producers have established their standing to challenge
EPA's approval of the California regulations.5
C
EPA and California further argue, however, that the fuel
producers had to introduce still more evidence -- for
example, affidavits either from expert economists or from
directly regulated automakers explaining how they would
respond to a court order invalidating California's
regulations. See Brief for Federal Respondents 17 -- 18, 43 -- 
44; Brief for State Respondents 13.
We disagree. This Court has not demanded that
plaintiffs introduce evidence from expert economists or
from directly regulated third parties to show how third
parties would likely respond to a government regulation or
invalidation thereof. Rather, to show redressability, the
plaintiff must simply "show a predictable chain of events"
that would likely result from judicial relief and redress the
plaintiff's injury. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 602
U. S., at 385. In Department of Commerce v. New York, to
take just one example, this Court considered a challenge by
several States and other plaintiffs to the Government's
decision to reinstate a citizenship question on the census.
-- 759 (2019). The States argued that
reinstating the question would likely cause noncitizens to
respond to the census at lower rates, thereby causing
noncitizen residents of the States to be undercounted, and
in turn leading to reduced representation and other harms
for those States. Id., at 766 -- 767. The Court did not require
the States to produce affidavits or testimony from
noncitizens explaining that they would not respond to the
census in light of the citizenship question.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 We need not decide whether every piece of record evidence described

above is necessary to establish standing here. The totality of record
evidence, along with commonsense inferences about market realities,
readily suffices to demonstrate standing.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

Requiring the plaintiff to produce affidavits from
regulated parties would be especially problematic in cases
of this kind. It would render the plaintiff's ability to obtain
judicial review dependent on the happenstance of whether
the plaintiff and the relevant regulated parties are aligned
and share litigation interests -- and whether the regulated
party is willing to publicly oppose (and possibly antagonize)
the government regulator by supporting the plaintiff's suit.
Such a rule would create incentives for gamesmanship and
could make it difficult or impossible to establish standing
in cases where the standing analysis should be
straightforward. A heightened "proof of redressability"
requirement of that kind would ultimately close the
courthouse doors to many traditional challenges to agency
action. Cf. id., at 768. Such a rule has little to commend it,
and we decline to adopt it.
D
In ruling against EPA and California, we recognize that
there may conceivably be some atypical instances where a
market has permanently and dramatically changed such
that invalidating a challenged regulation would have no
effect on the market in question, thereby defeating
redressability.6 But that is likely to be a fairly rare and
unusual scenario, for a couple of reasons.
First, we can assume that governments do not usually
continue to enforce and defend regulations that have no
continuing effect in the relevant market. EPA and
California continue to enforce these regulations, and for
three years, EPA and California have tenaciously defended
them in court. So it is difficult to put much stock in their
suggestion that invalidating the regulations (in California
and 17 other States) would have zero effect on the new
vehicle market in America both now and in the future.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Or a regulation may have expired, making the legal challenge moot.

But that scenario is covered by mootness doctrine, not redressability.
20 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

Simply put, EPA's and California's own actions -- their
statements, their enforcement decisions, their litigation
positions -- undermine the central premise of their
redressability argument. When as here a government seeks
to justify its regulatory actions by, on the one hand, touting
the consequences for fuel usage and emissions while, on the
other, maintaining that those same regulations are
unreviewable because there are no consequences, courts
can appropriately be skeptical. Judges "are 'not required to
exhibit a naiveté from which ordinary citizens are free.' "
Department of Commerce, 588 U. S., at 785 
(Friendly, J.)).
Second, EPA and California's view of redressability fails
to account for dynamic markets and the effects of
interrelated economic forces and regulatory programs that
change over time. Supply and demand may depend on,
among other things, the strength of the overall economy,
regulatory emissions standards, international
developments, government subsidies to particular
industries, and tax incentives, among many other factors.
Predicting developments in complex markets can be a
difficult and uncertain endeavor, particularly when various
governments' regulatory, spending, and tax policies are at
play.7
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Even if it appears that a market may have temporarily rendered a

regulation irrelevant, the market may shift again. This market may be
an example. Even supposing that California's regulations as of 2022
were momentarily having no continuing effect on the automobile market
due to surging consumer demand for electric vehicles, the demand for
electric vehicles may have slowed or at least not matched what might
have been anticipated. See, e.g., I. Penn, Electric Vehicles Died a
Century Ago. Could That Happen Again? N. Y. Times, May 27, 2025,
section B, p. 1; R. Felton, EV Sales Streak Grinds to a Sudden Halt, Wall
Street Journal, May 8, 2025; Carmakers Scale Down Electrification
Plans as EV Demand Slows, Reuters, Sept. 12, 2024; C. Otts, GM Delays
Electric Vehicle Buildout in New Sign of Weakening Demand, Wall
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of the Court

To deny standing based on a theory that invalidating an
important regulation would actually have zero impact on a
dynamic and heavily regulated market requires a degree of
economic and political clairvoyance that is difficult for a
court to maintain. That is particularly so when the
government regulation itself may be skewing the market at
issue. So courts should exercise caution before denying
standing because of a claimed lack of redressability rooted
in questionable economic speculation.
In advancing their argument, EPA and California also
point out that some automakers are now in compliance with
California's regulatory mandates. But that is not
surprising. Compliance with government regulation
usually suggests regulatory effect, not the absence of effect.
Nor is such compliance especially probative of how all
automakers are acting or would respond to a court order
invalidating California's regulations -- including in the 17
other States that have adopted those regulations. In the
D. C. Circuit, California pointed to evidence that seven
automakers had announced future plans to sell more
electric vehicles than California's regulations required.
Brief for State and Local Government Respondent-
Intervenors in No. 22 -- 1081, at 14. But California offered
no evidence that the cited press releases from seven
automakers represented commitments definite enough to
withstand potential future market fluctuations and
regulatory changes. Nor did California offer evidence that
the statements of those seven automakers represented the
likely behavior of the entire automaking industry, including
potential new market entrants. Recall that the
automakers' own motion to intervene in the Court of
Appeals suggested otherwise -- that if the regulations were

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Street Journal, July 24, 2024; J. Ewing, Carmakers Downshift on E.V.
Spending as Sales Growth Slows, N. Y. Times, Nov. 10, 2023, section B,
p. 1.
22 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

invalidated, other automakers would seek a competitive
advantage by manufacturing more gasoline-powered cars.
In sum, this case does not present the unusual scenario
where invalidating a challenged government restriction on
businesses in a competitive market is not likely to have any
effect. Here, it may not be certain, but it is at least
"predictable" that invalidating the California regulations
would likely result in the fuel producers ultimately selling
more gasoline and other liquid fuels. See Alliance for
Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 383.
E
Two of our colleagues have filed dissenting opinions.
They primarily object to the Court's decision to grant
certiorari in this case. But having granted certiorari, we
proceed to decide the question presented for our review.
JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR suggests that the D. C. Circuit's
erroneous standing analysis was attributable to its
misunderstanding about the duration of California's fleet-
wide emissions standards. See post, at 2 (dissenting
opinion). So in her view, the Court need only correct that
factual misunderstanding and remand the case to the D. C.
Circuit. See post, at 3. But the D. C. Circuit's standing
analysis did not rest entirely on that misunderstanding.
And neither EPA nor California asked for such a remand -- 
even though they acknowledged the D. C. Circuit's
misunderstanding. Moreover, because this litigation has
gone on for three years, we see no good reason to waste the
parties' time and resources by remanding for further
analysis of the standing issue in the Court of Appeals when
the parties have comprehensively briefed it and we can
readily resolve it now.
JUSTICE JACKSON separately argues that the Court does
not apply standing doctrine "evenhandedly." Post, at 1
(dissenting opinion). A review of standing cases over the
last few years disproves that suggestion. See, e.g., Alliance
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

Opinion of the Court

for Hippocratic Medicine, 602 U. S., at 374; United States v.
Texas, 599 U. S., at 674; Haaland v. Brackeen, -- 292 (2023); Reed v. Goertz, 
(2023); TransUnion LLC v. Ramirez, -- 
418 (2021); California v. Texas, (2021);
Uzuegbunam, 592 U. S., at 282 -- 283; Thole v. U. S. Bank
N. A., -- 542 (2020); Department of
Commerce, 588 U. S., at 766 -- 768. In this case, as we have
explained, this Court's recent standing precedents support
the conclusion that the fuel producers have standing.
* * *
This case concerns only standing, not the merits. EPA
and California may or may not prevail on the merits in
defending EPA's approval of the California regulations.
But the justiciability of the fuel producers' challenge to
EPA's approval of the California regulations is evident.
Courts should not "make standing law more complicated
than it needs to be." Thole v. U. S. Bank N. A., (2020). The government generally may not target
a business or industry through stringent and allegedly
unlawful regulation, and then evade the resulting lawsuits
by claiming that the targets of its regulation should be
locked out of court as unaffected bystanders. In light of this
Court's precedents and the evidence before the Court of
Appeals, the fuel producers established Article III standing
to challenge EPA's approval of the California regulations.
We reverse the judgment of the Court of Appeals and
remand the case for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 7
_________________

DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC, ET AL.,
PETITIONERS v. ENVIRONMENTAL
PROTECTION AGENCY, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CIRCUIT
[June 20, 2025]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, dissenting.
In May 2022, several businesses in the fuel industry chal-
lenged the Environmental Protection Agency's effective re-
instatement of two California vehicle-emissions rules. The
rules in question aimed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
by requiring vehicle manufacturers to produce more fuel-
efficient cars. Before the D. C. Circuit, petitioners argued,
relying in part on statements from California regulators
and the EPA, that this shift toward fuel efficiency would
reduce demand for the fossil fuels they produce, thereby
causing a financial injury. Petitioners did not meaningfully
address redressability, likely because they assumed it
would follow naturally from the evidence about injury and
causation. With no dispute over those elements, the case
appeared ready to proceed to the merits.
Then, a factual complication arose. California, which had
intervened to defend its regulations before the D. C. Circuit,
explained that by the time this suit was filed, car manufac-
turers could no longer change their manufacturing schedule
for cars with model years up to 2025. See Brief for Petition-
ers 13 -- 14, 41; Brief for State Respondents 10 -- 11. Evidence
in the record overwhelmingly supported that contention.
See Ohio v. EPA, 98 F. 4th 288, 302 -- 303 (CADC 2024)
(per curiam) (recounting statements to that effect from
2 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Ford, Tesla, Toyota, Chrysler, Hyundai, and Mitsubishi).
As the car manufacturers explained to the court, production
plans are set years in advance and cannot be changed on
short notice. Ibid.
Due in part to petitioners' own briefing, the D. C. Circuit
thought that neither of California's regulations would apply
beyond model year 2025. See Brief for Private Petitioners
in No. 22 -- 1081 (CADC), p. 9 ("The program covers vehicles
from model years 2015 through 2025..."). So, when the
court considered redressability, it asked only whether vaca-
tur of the rules "would be substantially likely to result in
any change to automobile manufacturers' vehicle fleets by
Model Year 2025." 98 F. 4th, at 302. On that question, the
evidence did not support petitioners, who bore the burden
of proof to establish redressability. Ibid.; see Lujan v. De-
fenders of Wildlife, (1992). Thus, the
D. C. Circuit dismissed the petition for lack of standing. 98
F. 4th, at 306.
Before this Court, the EPA conceded that the D. C. Cir-
cuit had been partly mistaken about the facts. Whereas
that court thought both of California's rules expired with
model year 2025, in fact only one of the two does. See Brief
for Federal Respondents in Opposition 5. That concession
undercut the core factual premise on which the D. C. Cir-
cuit's standing analysis depended. See 98 F. 4th, at 302 -- 
303. It called instead for a new assessment of redressabil-
ity: Would manufacturers change their plans for any future,
post-2025 model years if the court vacated the fuel-effi-
ciency rule? California now says that, by the time petition-
ers sued, demand for electric vehicles had expanded so dra-
matically that manufacturers would not return to
producing more environmentally unfriendly vehicles even if
the rules were vacated. Petitioners say otherwise. Yet the
D. C. Circuit never opined on this purely factual question,
and it is hard to see why this Court should do so in its stead.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Having granted certiorari, the Court relegates to a foot-
note the actual basis for the D. C. Circuit's decision. See
ante, at 7,. A version of that footnote should have been
the Court's entire opinion in this case. For reasons un-
known, the majority instead conjures up a "heightened
'proof of redressability' requirement" that the D. C. Circuit
did not adopt and that no party advanced, and then labori-
ously "decline[s] to adopt" that requirement. See ante, at
19. I see no need to expound on the law of standing in a
case where the sole dispute is a factual one not addressed
below.* Indeed, as JUSTICE JACKSON explains, this case is
unlikely to present a live controversy for much longer re-
gardless of petitioners' standing, as the administration is
likely to withdraw the challenged rules. See post, at 6 (dis-
senting opinion). I would simply have vacated the case and
remanded it to the D. C. Circuit to reconsider its redressa-
bility analysis, keeping in mind the now corrected timeline
for the challenged vehicle-emissions programs.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*The majority suggests it can disregard the actual basis for the D. C.
Circuit's decision because (in the majority's view) that court "did not rest"
its analysis "entirely" on its factual error. Ante, at 22. Having granted
certiorari in this case to conduct the factbound standing analysis in the
first instance, the majority now asserts a remand would "waste... time
and resources" because "the parties have comprehensively briefed" the
issue. Ibid. What the parties briefed, however, is whether petitioners
bore any evidentiary burden to establish standing at all. See Brief for
Petitioners 24 -- 37 (arguing that, because California's rules are a "regu-
latory hurdle" to the sale of petitioners' product, no evidence of redress-
ability was required). To be sure, the fuel producer petitioners argued in
a single paragraph that they should prevail "[e]ven if [they] were legally
required to produce record evidence to support redressability." Id., at
37 -- 38. "But our usual practice is to leave matters of that sort for re-
mand." E.M.D. Sales, Inc. v. Carrera, (2025)
(KAVANAUGH, J., for the Court).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

JACKSON, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 7
_________________

DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC, ET AL.,
PETITIONERS v. ENVIRONMENTAL
PROTECTION AGENCY, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CIRCUIT
[June 20, 2025]

JUSTICE JACKSON, dissenting.
Standing is a constitutional doctrine meant to promote
judicial restraint. By design, it " 'prevent[s] the judicial pro-
cess from being used to usurp the powers of the political
branches' " and "helps safeguard the Judiciary's proper -- 
and properly limited -- role in our constitutional system."
United States v. Texas, -- 676 (2023). But
standing doctrine cannot serve that important purpose if
the Judiciary fails to apply it evenhandedly. When courts
adjust standing requirements to let certain litigants chal-
lenge the actions of the political branches but preclude suits
by others with similar injuries, standing doctrine cannot
perform its constraining function. Over time, such selectiv-
ity begets judicial overreach and erodes public trust in the
impartiality of judicial decisionmaking.
Today's ruling runs the risk of setting us down that path.
The Court shelves its usual case-selection standards to re-
vive a fuel-industry lawsuit that all agree will soon be moot
(and is largely moot already). And it rests its decision on a
theory of standing that the Court has refused to apply in
cases brought by less powerful plaintiffs. This case gives
fodder to the unfortunate perception that moneyed inter-
ests enjoy an easier road to relief in this Court than ordi-
nary citizens. Because the Court had ample opportunity to
2 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

avoid that result, I respectfully dissent.
I
In 2022, petrochemical companies and other fuel-
industry groups filed this lawsuit challenging a Govern-
ment action under the Clean Air Act.
President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Clean Air Act
into law in 1963 to "protect and enhance the quality of the
Nation's air resources so as to promote the public health
and welfare and the productive capacity of its population."
As added, 77 Stat. 392, 42 U. S. C. (1). One of the
ways the Act sought to achieve that goal was by requiring
all "new motor vehicles or new motor vehicle engines" sold
in the United States to comply with certain emissions
standards established by the Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA). (1), 7522(a)(1).
To ensure that automakers would not have to comply
with a competing patchwork of emissions standards set by
various States, the Act pre-empts state efforts to regulate
vehicle emissions. Under the statute's pre-emption provi-
sion, "[n]o State... shall adopt or attempt to enforce any
standard relating to the control of emissions from new mo-
tor vehicles.".
But, notably, that provision contains an exception for the
State of California, which was the only State whose efforts
to regulate auto emissions predated the Clean Air Act. Rec-
ognizing that "California's unique problems and pioneering
efforts justified a waiver of the preemption section," S. Rep.
No. 403, 90th Cong., 1st Sess., 33 (1967), Congress allowed
California to adopt more stringent emissions standards
than the Federal Government., 81 Stat. 501. Thus,
under the current statute, California can obtain a pre-
emption waiver that allows it to adopt emissions standards
that are, "in the aggregate, at least as protective of public
health and welfare as applicable Federal standards."
(1). The statute specifically directs EPA to grant
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

JACKSON, J., dissenting

such a waiver unless the agency finds that California's
standards are "arbitrary and capricious," not necessary to
"meet compelling and extraordinary conditions," or incom-
patible with specific statutory requirements. Ibid. Con-
sistent with that directive, EPA has granted dozens of pre-
emption waivers for California emissions programs over the
past several decades.1
This case concerns one of those waivers: a 2013 waiver
that EPA granted for a California emissions program tar-
geting greenhouse gases. 78 Fed. Reg. 2112 (2013). Cali-
fornia's program had two main components. Id., at 2114.
First, it required automakers to ensure that a certain per-
centage of their vehicle fleets for model years 2017 to 2025
was composed of electric vehicles. Ibid. Second, it imposed
fleet-wide limits on average greenhouse gas emissions;
those fleet-wide emissions limits would gradually increase
in stringency through model year 2025, at which point the
limits would remain at 2025 levels permanently. Ibid. No-
body challenged the waiver in court, and California's pro-
gram went into effect without incident.
In the years that followed, automakers upped their pro-
duction of electric and low-emissions vehicles significantly,
investing billions of dollars in new manufacturing facilities
and other infrastructure. Consumer demand for those ve-
hicles surged, too. So much so that, by 2018, automakers
were selling well over 200,000 fully electric vehicles per
year -- a more-than-tenfold increase from the 18,000 vehi-
cles sold in 2011, the year before California sought the
waiver from EPA.
In 2019, however, EPA changed course and rescinded the
waiver. 84 Fed. Reg. 51310. The agency concluded that
California's emissions standards were not necessary " 'to

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See EPA, Vehicle Emissions California Waivers and Authorizations,

https://www.epa.gov/state-and-local-transportation/vehicle-emissions-
california-waivers-and-authorizations.
4 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

meet compelling and extraordinary conditions,' " and were
also pre-empted by a different federal law. Id., at 51328.
Three years later, EPA reversed its position again. In
2022, the agency reinstated the waiver, asserting that its
2019 decision to rescind the waiver rested on an incorrect
understanding of federal law. 87 Fed. Reg. 14332 -- 14333.
That 2022 waiver-reinstatement decision precipitated
this lawsuit. Members of the fuel industry sought review of
that decision in the D. C. Circuit, arguing that it contra-
vened the Clean Air Act and exceeded EPA's statutory au-
thority. Although EPA's reinstatement of the waiver did
not regulate the fuel industry directly, petitioners claimed
that the revival of California's emissions standards would
injure them by suppressing the sale of gas-powered vehicles
and thus quelling consumer demand for their fuel products.
The D. C. Circuit rejected that argument. Ohio v. EPA,
98 F. 4th 288, 294 (2024) (per curiam). The panel unani-
mously held that petitioners lacked standing because they
had failed to show that a court order invalidating the
waiver would actually redress their asserted injury -- 
namely, diminished demand for fuel. The court reasoned
that petitioners' "injuries would be redressed only if auto-
mobile manufacturers responded to vacatur of the waiver
by producing and selling fewer non-conventional vehicles or
by altering the prices of their vehicles such that fewer non-
conventional vehicles -- and more conventional vehicles -- 
were sold." Id., at 302. But petitioners had "fail[ed] to point
to any evidence affirmatively demonstrating that vacatur of
the waiver would be substantially likely to result in any
change to automobile manufacturers' vehicle fleets by
Model Year 2025," when the court believed California's pro-
gram would terminate. Ibid.2 To the contrary, the court
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 As noted above, the electric-vehicle-mandate component of Califor-

nia's program sunsets with model year 2025, but the other component of
the program -- the fleet-wide limits on average greenhouse-gas emis-
sions -- remains in effect indefinitely.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

JACKSON, J., dissenting

concluded, the "only evidence points in the opposite direc-
tion." Ibid.
Among other evidence, the court cited an expert declara-
tion submitted by California, which had intervened to de-
fend the waiver. The declaration documented how electric-
vehicle sales in California had already surpassed state-
mandated levels as a result of rising consumer demand and
automakers' long-term planning choices, "suggesting that
vacatur of the [electric] vehicle mandate would not redress
[p]etitioners' injuries." Id., at 305. The court also pointed
to a brief from the auto industry echoing the same point and
explaining that " 'both internal sustainability goals and ex-
ternal market forces' are prompting manufacturers to tran-
sition toward electric vehicles, irrespective of California's
regulations." Id., at 303,. Based on petitioners' failure
to submit any countervailing evidence, the court found "no
basis to conclude that [p]etitioners' claims are redressable."
Id., at 305.
Seven months after the D. C. Circuit issued its decision,
President Trump was elected to a second term in office. We
granted certiorari the following month. 604 U. S. ___. One
month later, the Government asked us to hold this case in
abeyance while the new administration "reassess[ed] the
basis for and soundness of " the waiver at issue. Motion of
Federal Respondents To Hold Briefing Schedule in Abey-
ance 3. We declined to do so and instead set this case for
argument.
II
A
Article III of the Constitution restricts the jurisdiction of
federal courts to actual "Cases" or "Controversies." That
case-or-controversy requirement limits our power as
judges: It means that we can only resolve concrete legal dis-
putes -- those with real stakes for real people -- and we must
6 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

turn away litigants who ask us to decide purely hypothet-
ical questions. Standing doctrine furthers the end of ensur-
ing that each case has real stakes by requiring anyone who
files a federal lawsuit to establish, as a threshold matter,
that they have suffered a genuine injury that can actually
be redressed by a court. As the majority aptly puts it, the
doctrine forces every plaintiff to "answer a basic question -- 
' "What's it to you? " ' " Ante, at 7.
The fuel industry's answer to that question here should
give us all pause. In their petition for certiorari, the indus-
try members asserted that California's emissions standards
harmed them by suppressing the sale of gas-powered cars
and thereby driving down demand for fuel. But they later
made clear that any such harm would be exceedingly short
lived: EPA is presently reviewing California's pre-emption
waiver, and as petitioners' counsel told us at oral argument,
the agency is likely to withdraw that waiver imminently,
which will put an end to California's emissions program for
good. Tr. of Oral Arg. 69. In fact, petitioners' counsel was
so confident of that outcome that he told us he would bet
his "bottom dollar" on it. Ibid.
His confidence is not overstated. President Trump re-
scinded this exact same waiver the last time he was in of-
fice. And EPA has told us that it is actively reconsidering
its decision to grant the waiver. Because a withdrawal of
the waiver would moot this case, an obvious question arises:
Why would this Court rush to opine on whether the fuel in-
dustry's legal challenge raises an Article III "case" or "con-
troversy" when all involved -- including petitioners them-
selves -- believe that any such "case" or "controversy" will
soon vanish?
The Court had plenty of other options. For one thing, it
could have denied certiorari, recognizing that one of the
core components of California's emissions program -- the
electric-vehicle mandate -- is about to sunset. Regardless of
what EPA does here, that mandate will terminate in just a
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

JACKSON, J., dissenting

few months, when model year 2025 ends. Automakers are
already accepting preorders on model-year-2026 vehicles,
and, by Thanksgiving, their entire fleets for model year
2026 will be available. This means that even if the electric-
vehicle mandate is currently harming the fuel industry -- a
dubious proposition in itself, see Part III -- A, infra -- that
harm will cease before petitioners brief the actual merits of
their challenge, let alone before any court rules on it.
Alternatively, this Court could have deferred its decision
in this case until after EPA concludes its reassessment of
the waiver, as the Government asked us to do. The Govern-
ment rarely proposes that we withhold judgment after cer-
tiorari is granted, and it did so here before any party had
filed its brief. In the rare cases where the Government does
ask us to defer, we often grant those requests -- and we
sometimes decide to put cases on hold independently.3 But,
for some reason, in this case, we rejected the Government's
request and proceeded to render a decision anyway.
A third option, once we granted certiorari, would have
been to simply vacate the judgment and remand the case to
the D. C. Circuit. The D. C. Circuit's opinion appeared to
rest, at least in part, on the erroneous factual assumption
that California's entire emissions program -- and not just its
electric-vehicle mandate -- would sunset with model year
2025. As the majority observes, "[i]t may be that some of
the D. C. Circuit's standing analysis stemmed from a mis-
understanding about when the California fleet-wide emis-
sions standards expire." Ante, at 7,.4 Once EPA clari-
fied the regulatory timeline in its certiorari brief, it would
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 We have opted to defer decision with respect to other closely watched

cases in recent months. See, e.g., Bessent v. Dellinger, 604 U. S. ___
(2025) (holding emergency application in abeyance pending expiration of
a temporary restraining order).
4 The D. C. Circuit's mistake in this regard could have stemmed from

the fact that, until recently, petitioners themselves seem to have shared
that understanding. See Pet. for Cert. 26 (arguing that "the Court can
8 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

have been reasonable for this Court to give the D. C. Circuit
an opportunity to reconsider its analysis on a corrected rec-
ord. Cf. Lawrence v. Chater, -- 167 (1996)
(per curiam) ("We have GVR'd [i.e., granted, vacated, and
remanded] in light of a wide range of developments, includ-
ing... changed factual circumstances"). That approach
might have even allowed for a quicker resolution of this
matter by obviating the need for a seven-month detour to
this Court. But the Court granted plenary review instead.
Our insistence on resolving the standing question in this
case strains our usual case-selection standards, which are
highly selective. We typically grant review in just a few
dozen cases each year -- a tiny fraction of the thousands of
petitions we receive.5 That is because, as we have often ex-
plained, ours "is not a court of error correction." S. Breyer,
Reflections on the Role of Appellate Courts: A View From
the Supreme Court, 8 J. App. Prac. & Process 91, 92 (2006).
Rather, we grant review in cases "only for compelling rea-
sons." Supreme Court Rule 10. This case -- concerning a
record-specific disagreement about standing to sue in a dis-
pute that will soon be moot anyway -- hardly cries out for
our involvement.
To be sure, if the lower courts were divided on some legal
question in this case, then maybe certiorari would be justi-
fied. They are not. Similarly, if the lower courts had been
clamoring for us to clarify how best to evaluate Article III
redressability when plaintiffs assert injuries based on third
parties' responses to regulation, then maybe our interven-
tion would have been sensible. They have not. Indeed, we
recently spoke to the redressability issue -- just last Term,
we decided a case addressing our redressability standard at
length. See FDA v. Alliance for Hippocratic Medicine, 602
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
decide this case before it becomes moot" because "it will presumably ren-
der a decision before model year 2025 ends").
5 This Term, for instance, the Court has docketed nearly 4,000 new

cases but will issue fewer than 60 signed opinions.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

JACKSON, J., dissenting

U. S. 367 (2024); ante, at 7 -- 22.
At most, then, the Court's ruling today amounts to little
more than error correction in the context of a dispute that
all agree will be over soon in any event.
B
This is not to suggest that no one will benefit from the
Court's decision to dabble in error correction in this case.
Our ruling will no doubt aid future attempts by the fuel in-
dustry to attack the Clean Air Act. But Article III requires
a live case or controversy, not merely the potential that a
favorable judgment will help the plaintiff in some future
lawsuit.
Also, I worry that the fuel industry's gain comes at a rep-
utational cost for this Court, which is already viewed by
many as being overly sympathetic to corporate interests.
See, e.g., A. Liptak, Corporations Find a Friend in the Su-
preme Court, N. Y. Times, May 4, 2013.6 Some knowledge-
able researchers have suggested that this reputation is un-
founded.7 But, at this point, that unfortunate perception
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 See also L. Epstein & M. Gulati, A Century of Business in the Su-

preme Court, 1920 -- 2020, 107 Minn. L. Rev. Headnotes 49, 57 (2022)
(concluding, based on an analysis of all decisions involving business liti-
gants between 1920 and 2020, that the current Court is "significantly
more likely to favor business than... any Court era in the last 100 years"
and "is the first Court in the last 100 years that rules in favor of business
more often than not"); A. Feldman, Empirical SCOTUS: The Big Busi-
ness Court, SCOTUSblog, Aug. 8, 2018, https://www.scotusblog.com/
2018/08/empirical-scotus-the-big-business-court/ (analyzing data from
the 2015 through 2017 Terms, and concluding that the Court "increased
its pro-business momentum"); L. Epstein, W. Landes, & R. Posner, When
It Comes to Business, the Right and Left Sides of the Court Agree, 54
Wash. U. J. L. & Pol'y 33, 43 -- 50 (2017) (concluding, based on an analysis
of all decisions involving business litigants between 1946 and 2015, that
the "Court's tendency to favor business in unanimous decisions has in-
creased, not decreased, over time").
7 See, e.g., J. Adler, Is the Business of the Court (Still) Business? 713

Annals Am. Acad. Pol. & Soc. Sci. 221, 222 (2025) ; cf. Republican Party of Pa. v.
Degraffenreid, 592 U. S. ___, ___ (2021) 
(THOMAS, J., dissenting from denial of certiorari) (arguing
that state efforts to prevent voter fraud are important even
"where allegations [of fraud] are incorrect," because " '[c]on-
fidence in the integrity of our electoral process is essential
to the functioning of our participatory democracy' ").
It may be difficult for the public to know exactly what to
make of the Court's decision to address the fleeting legal
issue presented here. For its part, the Court does not ex-
plain why it is so eager to resolve this highly factbound,
soon-to-be-moot dispute. See ante, at 22 -- 23. For some, this
silence will only harden their sense that the Court softens
its certiorari standards when evaluating petitions from
moneyed interests, looking past the jurisdictional defects or
other vehicle problems that would typically doom petitions
from other parties. This Court's simultaneous aversion to
hearing cases involving the potential vindication of the

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
have "criticized the 'probusiness' characterization of the Roberts court as
a simplistic, insufficiently nuanced, and unhelpful way to characterize or
understand the court's jurisprudence").
8 E.g., E. Pollman, The Supreme Court and the Pro-Business Paradox,

135 Harv. L. Rev. 220, 223 (2021) ("Corporations have often pushed for
rights and challenged external rules and regulations that create respon-
sibility, and as the Supreme Court in recent years has appeared to take
a friendly stance toward their claims, it has developed a 'pro-business'
reputation"); F. Salmon, The Most Pro-Business Supreme Court Ever,
Axios (Aug. 4, 2022); J. Surowiecki, Courting Business, The New Yorker
(Feb. 28, 2016); B. Goad, Business Racks Up Wins With Roberts Court,
The Hill (May 5, 2014); A. Liptak, Justices Offer Receptive Ear to Busi-
ness Interests, N. Y. Times, Dec. 19, 2010.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

JACKSON, J., dissenting

rights of less powerful litigants -- workers, criminal defend-
ants, and the condemned, among others9 -- will further for-
tify that impression.
In my view, we should have either denied certiorari out-
right or held this matter in abeyance pending EPA's recon-
sideration of its waiver grant. Barring that, we should have
simply vacated and remanded for the D. C. Circuit to recon-
sider its ruling on a clarified factual record.
III
But that's not all. The Court's substantive Article III
standing analysis, though not entirely implausible, also in-
vites questions about inconsistent decisionmaking and
whether this Court is holding business litigants to the same
standards as everyone else. The majority has made nothing
short of a herculean effort to justify the conclusion that re-
dressability exists on this record. See ante, at 15 -- 18. Its
demonstrated concern for ensuring that the fuel industry's
ability to sue is recognized on these facts highlights a po-
tential gap in the manner in which the Court treats the
claims of plaintiffs pursuing profits versus those seeking to
advance other objectives.
A
It is "a bedrock principle that a federal court cannot re-
dress 'injury that results from the independent action of
some third party not before the court.' " Murthy v. Missouri,
(2024). Accordingly, "we have 'been reluc-
tant to endorse standing theories that require guesswork as
to how independent decisionmakers will exercise their judg-
ment.' " Ibid.
It is indisputable that petitioners' theory of standing re-
quires guesswork as to how independent decisionmakers
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 E.g., Nicholson v. W.L. York, Inc., 605 U. S. ___ (2025) (JACKSON, J.,

dissenting from denial of certiorari); Shockley v. Vandergriff, 604 U. S.
___ (2025) (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting from denial of certiorari).
12 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

(specifically, automakers and consumers) would respond to
a court order invalidating the pre-emption waiver for Cali-
fornia's emissions standards. The only way that such an
order could possibly benefit the fuel industry would be if it
ultimately spurred the production, purchase, and usage of
more gas-powered cars. The majority holds, however, that
our usual skepticism about standing theories that turn on
independent third-party conduct is not warranted because,
in its view, petitioners' theory of redressability rests on
"commonsense economic principles." Ante, at 14.
I have no quarrel with relying on common sense as a gen-
eral matter. But we should acknowledge that what counts
as a "commonsense" inference to the Justices on this Court
may not be viewed as such by others. And, if anything, the
actual evidence presented in this case suggests that the ma-
jority's "[c]ommon sense is not so common." J. Bartlett, Fa-
miliar Quotations 299 (18th ed. 2012) ).
The central problem petitioners face is one of timing.
Had they challenged California's emissions program at its
inception, then commonsense intuitions might have suf-
ficed to establish redressability; indeed, "the whole point"
of California's program was to reduce fuel consumption, as
the majority notes. Ante, at 11. But petitioners did not
challenge the program at its inception. Instead, they chal-
lenged it nearly a decade after California obtained its pre-
emption waiver. By that point, consumer demand for elec-
tric and low-emissions vehicles had grown many times over,
and automakers had invested billions to transform their
production and marketing strategies. As California's ex-
pert attested, by the time petitioners filed suit, automakers
were "already selling more qualifying vehicles in California
than the State's standards require." App. 202.
Furthermore, several major automakers -- including
Ford, Volvo, Honda, BMW, and Volkswagen -- explicitly told
the court below that they "have no plans to abandon their
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

JACKSON, J., dissenting

extensive and growing financial commitments to electric ve-
hicles" because their "long-term, world-wide, industry-
transformative planning... is already well underway."
Brief for Industry Respondent-Intervenors in No. 22 -- 1081
(CADC), pp. 12 -- 13. Meanwhile, consumers are now "will-
ing to pay price premiums for [qualifying vehicles], some-
times thousands of dollars above the manufacturer's sug-
gested retail price." App. 192. And demand for electric
vehicles continues to grow, "both in California and nation-
wide." Id., at 202.
Against the weight of that evidence, the majority's "com-
monsense" intuitions about automaker and consumer be-
havior are much less certain. Maybe some automakers
would actually produce more gas-powered cars if a court
were to invalidate California's emissions program now. Or
maybe not. Maybe any such uptick in production would
cause consumers to buy more gas-powered cars moving for-
ward. Or maybe not.
The only thing we know for sure is that the onus of estab-
lishing what is likely to happen is on petitioners (the fuel
industry), as the party invoking the jurisdiction of a federal
court. It is the fuel producers who must present evidence
supporting their theory that invalidation of the waiver by a
court will benefit them -- intuition alone will not suffice.
When redressability " 'depends on the unfettered choices
made by independent actors not before the courts,' " it "be-
comes the burden of the plaintiff to adduce facts showing
that those choices have been or will be made in such man-
ner as to... permit redressability." Lujan v. Defenders of
Wildlife, (1992).
Petitioners have made little effort to meet that burden.
None of the declarations they submitted below say anything
substantive about redressability. None purport to address,
much less refute, any of the data or analyses California's
expert or the automaker intervenors have provided. In-
14 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

deed, all of the language that the majority quotes from pe-
titioners' declarations derives from statements originally
made in 2011 and 2012 -- a full decade before petitioners
filed this lawsuit. See ante, at 15 -- 16. Although petitioners
shrewdly attempt to bolster their submissions by citing as-
sertions from California's intervention motion, almost all of
those assertions concern the nearly defunct electric-vehicle
component of California's program -- not the fleet-wide
emissions limits -- suggesting that any redressability is
likely to expire within months.10
It is perhaps due to the "paucity of evidence in the record
regarding the redressability of [petitioners'] injuries," 98
F. 4th, at 303, that petitioners' primary contention is that
they do not need to submit any evidence at all to establish
redressability. Brief for Petitioners 18 ("[W]hen a third-
party response is predictable, no more is needed than a dose
of common sense"). Indeed, petitioners' opening brief de-
votes just two pages to the argument that the actual record
in this case supports redressability. See id., at 37 -- 38 (ar-
guing, in the alternative, that the Court should reverse
"[e]ven if petitioners were legally required to produce record
evidence to support redressability").
Petitioners' obvious disinterest in developing or relying
on the evidentiary record in this litigation is the reason why
the majority has had to perform yeoman's work in cobbling
together a plausible factual basis for redressability. See,
e.g., ante, at 15 -- 17 (scouring the regulatory history and
scant record for redressability-related evidence). Whatever
one thinks about the majority's labored redressability anal-
ysis, the effort it expends on this endeavor is striking -- es-
pecially when compared to the Court's approach to Article
III standing in cases involving civil rights.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 This, of course, underscores the illogic of this Court's decision to is-

sue a ruling in this case at all. See Part II -- A, supra.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

JACKSON, J., dissenting

B
The Court's remarkably lenient approach to standing in
this case contrasts starkly with the stern stance it has
taken in cases concerning the rights of ordinary citizens.
See, e.g., Whitmore v. Arkansas, -- 156
(1990) ("A federal court is powerless to create its own juris-
diction by embellishing otherwise deficient allegations of
standing"). Here, the Court's "commonsense" inferences
readily align with the fuel industry's assertions of economic
injury, even in the face of conflicting evidence. But for less
wealthy individual plaintiffs, establishing redressability to
the Court's satisfaction is often harder to come by.
Take our decision in Warth v. Seldin, 
(1975). There, the Court held that a group of low-income
plaintiffs in upstate New York lacked standing to challenge
a zoning ordinance that effectively barred the construction
of affordable housing in the town where they wished to
move. Id., at 493. The plaintiffs had alleged that the ordi-
nance -- which prohibited the construction of multifamily
housing virtually anywhere in town -- excluded them from
the town, causing injury, by depressing the supply of afford-
able housing options. Id., at 504 -- 507. The Court rejected
the claim for lack of redressability. Ibid.
Under the Court's reasoning, the plaintiffs' "desire to live
in [the town] depended on the efforts and willingness of
third parties to build low- and moderate-cost housing," and
"their inability to reside in [the town was] the consequence
of the economics of the area housing market, rather than of
[the defendants'] assertedly illegal acts." Id., at 505 -- 506.
Critically, the Court stated that it was not enough for the
plaintiffs to show generally that the zoning ordinance sup-
pressed the overall supply of affordable housing. Rather,
we explained, the plaintiffs needed to show that the invali-
dation of the ordinance by court order would lead to the
availability of specific units that met their individual needs
and fell within their individual budgets. Id., at 506.
16 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

"[C]ommonsense economic principles," ante, at 14 -- say,
about the general impact of increased housing supply on
housing prices -- did not rescue the plaintiffs.
Our decision in Allen v. Wright, (1984), was
more of the same. There, we held that a group of Black
parents lacked standing to challenge the Internal Revenue
Service's (IRS) policies concerning tax exemptions for pri-
vate schools. Id., at 739 -- 740. The parents had alleged that
the IRS's failure to deny tax-exempt status to racially ex-
clusionary private schools in their communities was hinder-
ing desegregation efforts in the districts their children at-
tended. Id., at 752 -- 753. This Court held that, although the
parents had stated a cognizable injury, they had not shown
that denying tax-exempt status to the exclusionary private
schools would redress that injury. Id., at 758 -- 759.
Notably, in Allen, the Court specifically observed that the
plaintiffs' redressability theory hinged on speculation
about, among other things, how private-school parents and
administrators would respond to the loss of their tax ex-
emptions and whether that response would actually affect
the racial makeup of local public schools. Id., at 758. Jus-
tice Brennan noted in dissent that "[c]ommon sense alone
would recognize that the elimination of tax-exempt status
for racially discriminatory private schools would serve to
lessen the impact that those institutions have in defeating
efforts to desegregate the public schools." Id., at 774. But
"[c]ommon sense alone" was not enough for those plaintiffs,
either.
For a more recent example, look at Clapper v. Amnesty
Int'l USA, (2013). In that case, the Court held
that a group of human-rights, media, labor, and legal or-
ganizations lacked standing to challenge certain electronic-
surveillance practices under the Foreign Intelligence Sur-
veillance Act. Id., at 402, 406. Among the reasons we pro-
vided for this holding was that any surveillance activities
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

JACKSON, J., dissenting

the Government pursued would ultimately have to be ap-
proved by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court
(FISC), and the plaintiffs could "only speculate as to
whether that court will authorize such surveillance." Id.,
at 413. We could have easily drawn a commonsense infer-
ence that the FISC was likely to approve at least some of
the surveillance activities of concern to the plaintiffs, given
that (per the Government's own statistics) the FISC ap-
proved over 99% of the surveillance-authorization requests
it received. Id., at 430 (Breyer, J., dissenting). But instead we "decline[d] to abandon
our usual reluctance to endorse standing theories that rest
on speculation about the decisions of independent actors."
Id., at 414.
I could go on. My point here is not that any of these par-
ticular standing decisions was wrongly decided. Instead, I
am simply observing that the Court seems inconsistent in
its willingness to premise redressability on commonsense
inferences about third-party behavior. That inconsistency,
which we reinforce with today's holding, tends to redound
to the benefit of particular litigants. But nothing in Article
III's text or history justifies relying on "commonsense" in-
ferences in one standing context and not another. The Con-
stitution does not distinguish between plaintiffs whose
claims are backed by the Chamber of Commerce and those
who seek to vindicate their rights to fair housing, desegre-
gated schools, or privacy. But if someone reviewing our
case law harbored doubts about that proposition, today's de-
cision will do little to dissuade them.
* * *
It is easy to deprecate the single phrase inscribed atop
the entrance to our courthouse by conceptualizing it as a
mere platitude. But "Equal Justice Under Law" remains
this Court's guiding light nearly a century after those words
18 DIAMOND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, LLC v. EPA

JACKSON, J., dissenting

were first engraved there. Striving to embody that partic-
ular ideal is what distinguishes our work as judges from
that of the well-heeled lawyers and lobbyists who walk into
similarly ornate buildings every day to promote the inter-
ests of their clients. It may sometimes be difficult to tell
one marble façade from another -- especially when some of
them share a common architect.11 But those of us who are
privileged to work inside the Court must not lose sight of
this institution's unique mission and responsibility: to rule
without fear or favor. If the Court privileges the interests
of one class of litigants over others, even unintentionally, it
can damage Americans' faith in an impartial Judiciary and
undermine the long-term credibility of its judgments.
Time will tell if today's decision portends a broader shift
in the Court's view of Article III standing for all litigants.
If it does not, and if the Court is not fastidious in maintain-
ing consistency across its certiorari decisions and substan-
tive rulings, its decisions will come to represent, like so
many marble façades, another mere facsimile of justice.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 See U. S. Commission on Fine Arts, Cass Gilbert, https://www.cfa.

gov/about-cfa/who-we-are/cass-gilbert (noting that Cass Gilbert, who de-
signed the Supreme Court building, also designed the Chamber of Com-
merce's headquarters in Washington, D. C., and the New York Life build-
ing in Manhattan, among other major commercial offices).

============================================================

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH delivered the opinion of the Court.
In civil enforcement proceedings under the Telephone
Consumer Protection Act, are district courts bound by the
Federal Communications Commission's interpretation of
the Act? The answer is no.
I
This case involves an FCC order that interprets the
Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, or TCPA. The
TCPA protects businesses and consumers from intrusive
telemarketing communications. Among other restrictions,
the TCPA prohibits a business from sending an "unsolicited
advertisement" by fax to a "telephone facsimile machine"
absent an opt-out notice informing recipients that they can
choose not to receive future faxes. 105 Stat. 2395, as
amended, 47 U. S. C. (1)(C), (2)(D).
The TCPA provides a private right of action. (3).
Private parties may sue the sender of an unlawful fax -- an
unsolicited fax that lacks an opt-out notice -- for damages or
injunctive relief in federal or state court. Ibid.; 28 U. S. C.
; see Mims v. Arrow Financial Services, LLC, (2012). For monetary damages, the TCPA
2 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

sets a floor of $500 for each unlawful fax. 47 U. S. C.
(3)(B). A court may order treble damages if it finds
a violation willful or knowing. (3).
A combination of factors -- namely, the private right of
action, the statutory minimum damages for each violation,
the number of violations that a business can quickly rack
up when sending mass fax advertisements, and the class-
action device -- has spawned substantial TCPA litigation
over unwanted faxes. Plaintiffs have sought significant
damages against businesses that sent fax advertisements
without opt-out notices.
McKesson Corporation is, among other things, a
healthcare company. In 2009 and 2010, in an effort to
promote McKesson's products, a McKesson subsidiary sent
unsolicited fax advertisements to various medical practices.
McLaughlin Chiropractic Associates received some of those
faxes. In 2014, McLaughlin sued McKesson in the U. S.
District Court for the Northern District of California.
McLaughlin alleged that McKesson violated the TCPA by
faxing unsolicited advertisements without the opt-out
notice that the statute requires.
McLaughlin requested damages and an injunction, and it
also sought to represent a class of other recipients of
McKesson's faxes. Some recipients (including McLaughlin)
received the faxes on a traditional fax machine -- the
standalone device dedicated to receiving and printing faxes.
But others received the faxes through online fax services,
either by email or through an online portal.
The District Court certified a class of fax recipients,
drawing no distinction between faxes received on
traditional fax machines and faxes received through online
fax services.
As McLaughlin's lawsuit progressed, another company
with no connection to the litigation petitioned the FCC for
a declaratory ruling about whether the TCPA applies to
faxes received through online fax services. Months after
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

the District Court certified the class in McLaughlin's suit,
the FCC issued an order -- known as the Amerifactors
order -- interpreting the term "telephone facsimile machine"
in the TCPA. In re Amerifactors Financial Group, LLC, 34
FCC Rcd. 11950 (2019) (declaratory ruling). The FCC ruled
that "an online fax service is not a 'telephone facsimile
machine.' " Id., at 11953, ¶11. Under that interpretation,
the TCPA would not prohibit faxes received through online
fax services.
As the parties here recognized, if the FCC's Amerifactors
order were binding on the District Court, it would
undermine McLaughlin's class-action lawsuit because
McLaughlin defined the class to include plaintiffs who
received unsolicited faxes through online fax services.
After receiving briefing on the issue, the District Court
deemed the Amerifactors order "a final, binding order" that
dictated the court's interpretation of the TCPA. True
Health Chiropractic, Inc. v. McKesson Corp., No. 13 -- cv -- 
2219 (ND Cal., Dec. 24, 2020), App. to Pet. for Cert. 38a. In
line with Ninth Circuit precedent, the court reasoned that
it lacked the authority "to question the validity of FCC final
orders" such as the Amerifactors order. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 37a. Under the judicial review provisions of the
Hobbs Act, according to the District Court, those FCC
orders are " 'subject to the exclusive review of the court of
appeals' " in pre-enforcement suits. Id., at 36a ).
After the District Court determined that the Amerifactors
order was binding, the court granted summary judgment to
McKesson and against McLaughlin on the claims involving
faxes received through online fax services. The District
Court then decertified the class. That left McLaughlin with
winnowed-down claims based on 12 unsolicited faxes that
McLaughlin received on a traditional fax machine. So
McLaughlin obtained a damages award of only $6,000.
On appeal, the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth
4 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

Circuit affirmed, agreeing that the District Court was
"bound" by the Amerifactors order. True Health
Chiropractic, Inc. v. McKesson Corp., No. 22 -- 15710 etc.
(Oct. 25, 2023), App. to Pet. for Cert. 6a -- 7a.
This Court granted certiorari to decide whether the
Hobbs Act required the District Court to follow the FCC's
legal interpretation of the TCPA. 603 U. S. ___ (2024). The
Court previously considered that question but ultimately
did not decide it in PDR Network, LLC v. Carlton & Harris
Chiropractic, Inc., (2019).
II
In 1950, Congress passed and President Truman signed
the Administrative Orders Review Act, commonly known as
the Hobbs Act. 64 Stat. 1129. The Hobbs Act provides for
pre-enforcement judicial review of FCC orders. To obtain
pre-enforcement review, a party must file a petition in a
federal court of appeals within 60 days of the FCC order.
In McKesson's view, which is supported here by the
United States as amicus curiae, the Hobbs Act's provision
for pre-enforcement review in the courts of appeals bars
district courts in enforcement proceedings from disagreeing
with an agency's interpretation of a statute. According to
McKesson and the Government, the District Court in this
case was absolutely bound by the FCC's interpretation of
the TCPA.
We disagree. The Hobbs Act does not preclude district
courts in enforcement proceedings from independently
assessing whether an agency's interpretation of the
relevant statute is correct. Here, therefore, the District
Court should interpret the TCPA under ordinary principles
of statutory interpretation, affording appropriate respect to
the agency's interpretation.
A
The Hobbs Act provides in relevant part: "The court of
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

appeals... has exclusive jurisdiction to enjoin, set aside,
suspend (in whole or in part), or to determine the validity
of... all final orders of the Federal Communication[s]
Commission made reviewable by section 402(a) of title 47."
28 U. S. C.. Under the Hobbs Act, when the FCC
issues certain orders, any "party aggrieved" has 60 days to
file a petition in a court of appeals seeking review of the
order and declaratory or injunctive relief against the
enforcement of the order., 2344, 2349. If more than
one petition for review is filed within that 60-day period,
the petitions are then consolidated in a single court of
appeals.. The Hobbs Act also governs review of
certain actions of the Department of Agriculture,
Department of Transportation, Federal Maritime
Commission, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Surface
Transportation Board, and Department of Housing and
Urban Development. See -- (7).
Pre-enforcement review under the Hobbs Act allows
regulated and affected parties to obtain greater clarity
about their legal rights and obligations -- rather than taking
their chances and hoping to prevail in later enforcement
proceedings. The Hobbs Act requires parties who want to
challenge the legality of agency rules or orders in a pre-
enforcement proceeding to do so both promptly and in a
court of appeals. That pre-enforcement review process
avoids the delays and uncertainty that otherwise could
ensue from multiple pre-enforcement suits filed across time
in multiple district courts and from subsequent appeals in
the courts of appeals.
Suppose, however, that no one files a pre-enforcement
suit challenging an agency rule or order. Or suppose that a
court of appeals upholds the agency's statutory
interpretation in a pre-enforcement challenge. Either way,
a critical follow-on question is whether the Hobbs Act bars
different parties in subsequent enforcement proceedings
from arguing -- and district courts from concluding -- that
6 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

the agency incorrectly interpreted the statute. The answer
is no.1
To understand why, we first must distinguish the three
categories of statutes that authorize pre-enforcement
review of agency rules and orders.
Statutes in the first category authorize pre-enforcement
judicial review and expressly preclude judicial review in
subsequent enforcement proceedings. Examples include
the Clean Water Act, the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980
(CERCLA), and the Clean Air Act. The Clean Water Act
provides for pre-enforcement review of certain agency
actions in a court of appeals and generally requires parties
to seek review within 120 days. See 33 U. S. C. (1).
Importantly, the Act also states that those agency actions
"shall not be subject to judicial review in any civil or
criminal proceeding for enforcement." (2).
CERCLA likewise allows parties to seek pre-enforcement
review of any covered regulation in the D. C. Circuit within
90 days. See 42 U. S. C.. Like the Clean Water
Act, CERCLA specifies that those regulations "shall not be
subject to judicial review in any civil or criminal proceeding
for enforcement." Ibid. Similarly, the Clean Air Act
generally authorizes parties to file pre-enforcement
petitions for review in the appropriate court of appeals
within 60 days. See (1). The Clean Air Act, too,
states that those agency actions "shall not be subject to
judicial review in civil or criminal proceedings for
enforcement." (2).
The second category lies at the opposite pole -- it consists
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 We use the term "enforcement proceedings" in this opinion as

shorthand for what the Administrative Procedure Act calls "civil or
criminal proceedings for judicial enforcement." 5 U. S. C.. As we
use the term here, it includes both (i) enforcement actions brought by the
Government and (ii) civil suits brought by private parties alleging a
defendant's violation of a statute, regulation, or order.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

of pre-enforcement judicial review statutes that also
expressly authorize (or at least expressly contemplate)
judicial review in subsequent enforcement proceedings. For
instance, the Toxic Substances Control Act states that
courts of appeals "shall have exclusive jurisdiction of any
action to obtain judicial review (other than in an
enforcement proceeding)." 15 U. S. C. (1)(A),
(a)(1)(B). A similar provision authorizes
review of certain Federal Trade Commission rules.
(5)(B). Those statutes recognize judicial review in
pre-enforcement suits and enforcement proceedings alike.
Statutes in the third category fall between the first two
categories. Those statutes provide for pre-enforcement
review but are silent on the question of whether a party
may contest the agency's legal interpretation in subsequent
enforcement proceedings. The Hobbs Act is one example.
Others include statutes that authorize review of certain
Securities and Exchange Commission and Department of
Labor rules and orders. See, 80a -- 42(a), 80b -- 13(a);
29 U. S. C..
That third category raises the key question here: What
is the default rule for pre-enforcement review statutes that
neither expressly preclude nor expressly authorize judicial
review in subsequent enforcement proceedings? As
relevant here, is the proper default rule in enforcement
proceedings (i) to preclude district courts from reviewing an
agency's statutory interpretation or (ii) to allow district
courts to review an agency's statutory interpretation?2
Fundamental principles of administrative law establish
the proper default rule: In an enforcement proceeding, a
district court must independently determine for itself
whether the agency's interpretation of a statute is correct.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Judicial review in enforcement proceedings of course may also include

review of whether the rule or order was arbitrary and capricious under
the APA or otherwise was unlawful. Because this case involves
interpretation of a statute, we focus here on that scenario.
8 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

District courts are not bound by the agency's interpretation,
but instead must determine the meaning of the law under
ordinary principles of statutory interpretation, affording
appropriate respect to the agency's interpretation. See
Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, 
(2024).3
That is the proper default rule for a variety of reasons.
To begin, this Court has long recognized a " 'basic
presumption of judicial review' " of agency action.
Weyerhaeuser Co. v. United States Fish and Wildlife Serv.,
(2018) ). As a general matter,
"unless there is persuasive reason to believe" that Congress
intended to preclude judicial review, this Court will not
preclude review. Bowen v. Michigan Academy of Family
Physicians, (1986) (quotation marks
omitted); see Bouarfa v. Mayorkas, (2024);
Cuozzo Speed Technologies, LLC v. Lee, 
(2016).
In this enforcement-proceeding context, that
presumption is codified in the Administrative Procedure
Act, 5 U. S. C.. Section 703 provides: "Except to the
extent that prior, adequate, and exclusive opportunity for
judicial review is provided by law, agency action is subject
to judicial review in civil or criminal proceedings for
judicial enforcement." (Emphasis added.) Therefore, 
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 To be clear, if a party challenges an agency action in a pre-

enforcement suit in a court of appeals and loses, that specific party may
be barred by ordinary estoppel or preclusion principles from relitigating
the same question in a future enforcement proceeding. See Abbott
Laboratories v. Gardner, (1967). Moreover, if the
district court in the enforcement proceeding sits in the same circuit as
the court of appeals that decided a pre-enforcement suit, the district
court may be bound under principles of vertical stare decisis to adhere to
the court of appeals holding. Neither of those scenarios is present here
because neither McLaughlin nor any other party brought a pre-
enforcement suit regarding the Amerifactors order.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

itself articulates the default principle that parties in
enforcement proceedings can challenge an agency's
interpretation of a statute. Indeed, in 1947, the year after
the APA was enacted, the Attorney General's Manual on
the Administrative Procedure Act explained that in "many
situations," "an appropriate method of attacking the
validity of agency action is to set up the alleged invalidity
as a defense in a civil or criminal enforcement proceeding."
Dept. of Justice, Attorney General's Manual on the
Administrative Procedure Act 99 (1947).
Consistent with the background presumption of judicial
review and, this Court's precedents have held that a
party usually may seek judicial review of an agency's rule
or order in an enforcement proceeding. Courts presume
that "parties may always assail a regulation as exceeding
the agency's statutory authority in enforcement
proceedings against them." Corner Post, Inc. v. Board of
Governors, (2024) (quotation marks
omitted).4
To be sure, in 1967, this Court's decision in Abbott
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The dissent, relying on Thunder Basin Coal Co. v. Reich, objects that

the presumption of judicial review does not apply unless a statute would
preclude all judicial review. Post, at 11 ). That objection is misplaced for two reasons. First, the
presumption of judicial review applies to "statutes that may limit or
preclude review." Cuozzo Speed Technologies, LLC v. Lee, (2016). The presumption can apply with varying
degrees of strength. Compare Thunder Basin, 510 U. S., at 207, (not
applying "the strong presumption that Congress did not mean to prohibit
all judicial review" because "court of appeals review is available"
(quotation marks omitted)), with id., at 207, 216 (nonetheless applying a
presumption of judicial review and determining that it was overcome by
"fairly discernible" intent (quotation marks omitted)); see also Elgin v.
Department of Treasury, -- 10 (2012). Second, this case
raises a different issue than Thunder Basin. This case concerns the
availability of judicial review in enforcement proceedings, and as we
have explained, the relevant presumption for purposes of judicial review
in enforcement proceedings is codified in of the APA.
10 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

Laboratories v. Gardner revolutionized administrative law
by more regularly allowing pre-enforcement challenges to
agency rules and orders under the APA, at least absent
statutory preclusion of such pre-enforcement review. 387
U. S., at 139 -- 141. But Abbott Laboratories did not purport
to eliminate judicial review in enforcement proceedings.
Indeed, eliminating such review would have thwarted a key
aim of the Abbott Laboratories decision, which was to
expand the opportunities for judicial review by allowing
challenges to agency action in either pre-enforcement suits
or enforcement proceedings. See id., at 140 -- 141.
In short, the background presumption of judicial review,
the text of of the APA, and the tradition and
precedents allowing parties in enforcement proceedings to
contest an agency's interpretation combine to establish a
clear default rule: In enforcement proceedings, district
courts independently determine whether an agency's
interpretation of a statute is correct.
To be clear, the default rule is only a default, meaning
that it applies only absent congressional indication
otherwise. When Congress wants to preclude judicial
review in enforcement proceedings, it can easily say so. The
Clean Water Act, CERCLA, and the Clean Air Act all
expressly preclude judicial review in enforcement
proceedings. But absent such congressional preclusion,
judicial review should be available.
The default rule also avoids unnecessary litigation and
unfairness. It would be impractical -- and an enormous
waste of resources -- to demand that every potentially
affected party bring or join pre-enforcement Hobbs Act
challenges against every agency rule or order that might
possibly affect them at some point in the future. As Justice
Powell spelled out in a similar context, it "is totally
unrealistic to assume that more than a fraction of the
persons and entities affected by a regulation -- especially
small contractors scattered across the country -- would have
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

knowledge of its promulgation or familiarity with or access
to the Federal Register." Adamo Wrecking Co. v. United
States, (1978) (concurring opinion).
On some occasions, moreover, the entities in an
enforcement proceeding may not have existed when the
relevant agency rule or order was first issued. Or at that
time, they may have had no reason to suspect that they
could be ensnared in future enforcement proceedings
involving that agency action.
Requiring all those potentially affected parties to
somehow predict the future and bring a pre-enforcement
challenge within 60 days or otherwise lose their right to
challenge an agency's interpretation of a statute down the
road in an enforcement proceeding would be highly
unusual -- and would rightly strike many affected parties as
grossly unfair. That no doubt explains why Congress rarely
enacts such statutes.5
All of those considerations taken together lead to a very
straightforward principle: When Congress wants to bar a
district court in an enforcement proceeding from reviewing
an agency's interpretation of a statute, Congress can and
must say so. We do not presume that Congress silently
intended to preclude judicial review in enforcement
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 Indeed, the unfairness that would otherwise ensue could potentially

rise to the level of a constitutional due process problem. Barring
defendants in enforcement actions from raising arguments about the
legality of agency rules or orders enforced against them raises significant
questions under the Due Process Clause -- especially for parties that did
not exist or had no good or reasonably foreseeable reason to sue when
the agency rule or order was first issued. In Adamo Wrecking Co. v.
United States, Justice Powell warned that the preclusion-of-review
provision of the Clean Air Act raised constitutional issues that "merited
serious consideration." (1978) (concurring opinion).
The D. C. Circuit likewise has cautioned that provisions of that sort raise
a "substantial due process question." Chrysler Corp. v. EPA, 600 F. 2d
904, 913 (1979). We avoid those due process concerns in Hobbs Act cases
by adhering to the default rule of allowing judicial review of agency legal
interpretations in enforcement proceedings.
12 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

proceedings. Rather, the default rule is that district courts
in enforcement proceedings may conclude that an agency's
interpretation of a statute is incorrect.
B
Unlike the Clean Water Act, CERCLA, and the Clean Air
Act, the Hobbs Act does not expressly preclude review in
enforcement proceedings. So the default rule applies,
meaning that judicial review of the FCC's statutory
interpretation is available in this enforcement proceeding
unless the Hobbs Act provides otherwise. McKesson and
the Government advance several arguments that the Hobbs
Act should be interpreted to preclude judicial review of an
agency's interpretation in an enforcement proceeding.
None is persuasive.
First, McKesson and the Government say that the text of
the Hobbs Act overrides the default rule. They point to the
language in the Hobbs Act stating that the court of appeals
in a pre-enforcement challenge possesses "exclusive
jurisdiction" to "enjoin, set aside, suspend (in whole or in
part), or to determine the validity" of the agency order. 28
U. S. C.. They seize on the language "exclusive
jurisdiction... to determine the validity." They argue that
if the district court in an enforcement proceeding could
disagree with an agency's statutory interpretation, the
district court would in essence "determine the validity" of
the order -- thereby contravening the Hobbs Act's grant of
exclusive jurisdiction to the court of appeals to do so in a
pre-enforcement suit.
That argument is mistaken. In this context, a court of
appeals determines the validity of the agency order by
entering a declaratory judgment that declares the order
valid or invalid. Critically, if a district court in an
enforcement proceeding disagrees with the agency's
interpretation of a statute, the district court does not issue
such a declaratory judgment. Rather, the district court
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

simply determines the liability of the defendant under the
correct interpretation of the statute. In other words, when
exercising judicial review in an enforcement proceeding, a
district court may consider the validity of the agency order,
but the court does not "determine the validity" of that order
in the sense of entering a declaratory judgment, which is
how that phrase is used in. Therefore, district court
review does not conflict with the Hobbs Act.
Notably, moreover, the statutory phrase "determine the
validity" is preceded by the terms "enjoin," "set aside," and
"suspend." Here, McKesson claims that "determine the
validity" goes beyond a form of relief (that is, beyond a
declaratory judgment) and extends to "a court's decisional
process in evaluating an order's merits." Brief for
Respondents 9. But the noscitur a sociis canon counsels
against reading the term "determine the validity" to be
different in kind and broader than the other three terms,
which are all forms of relief. See, e.g., Fischer v. United
States, -- 488 (2024); Freeman v. Quicken
Loans, Inc., -- 635 (2012).
In addition, a variation of the phrase "determine the
validity" appears in another provision of the Hobbs Act,. That provision states that the court of appeals in a
pre-enforcement proceeding "has exclusive jurisdiction" to
enter "a judgment determining the validity of, and
enjoining, setting aside, or suspending, in whole or in part,
the order of the agency.".
The phrase "judgment determining the validity" in 
further confirms that the phrase "determine the validity" in
refers to a declaratory judgment. The two provisions
work in tandem, not at odds, and they have a consistent
meaning. The main point of is to identify the
relevant courts that may hear pre-enforcement
challenges -- namely, the courts of appeals -- and to list the
agency actions that the Hobbs Act covers. Section 2349
specifies in more procedural detail that a court of appeals
14 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

exercises jurisdiction upon "the filing and service of a
petition," and it authorizes the court of appeals to enter a
judgment upon review of "the petition, evidence, and
proceedings set forth" in the administrative record. Ibid.
So the language in further supports our conclusion
about the meaning of : In an enforcement proceeding,
a district court is not bound by an agency's statutory
interpretation.6
As the dissent notes, the Hobbs Act provides "exclusive
jurisdiction" to the courts of appeals.. But the
question is: "exclusive jurisdiction" to do what? Under the
Hobbs Act, the courts of appeals have exclusive jurisdiction
to hear pre-enforcement challenges, meaning that district
courts may not entertain those pre-enforcement suits. That
language does not bar district courts in enforcement
proceedings from independently interpreting the meaning
of the statute at issue.
In short, the Hobbs Act does not bar McLaughlin from
arguing in the district court enforcement proceeding that
the FCC's interpretation of the TCPA is incorrect. The
Hobbs Act dictates how, when, and in what court a party
can challenge a new agency order before enforcement. The
Act does not purport to address, much less preclude, district
court review in enforcement proceedings. So the District
Court in this enforcement proceeding can decide what the
statute means under ordinary principles of statutory
interpretation, affording appropriate respect to the FCC's
interpretation. By doing so, the District Court will not
"determine the validity" of the FCC's Amerifactors order
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The dissent says that we have erred in our analysis of the Hobbs Act's

text by "adding words" -- specifically, by reading the phrase "determine
the validity" in the Hobbs Act to mean "issue a declaratory judgment
determining the validity." Post, at 4. We are not adding words; we are
simply interpreting the phrases "judgment determining the validity" and
"determine the validity" in this statute to refer to a declaratory
judgment.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

and thus will not contravene the Hobbs Act.
One additional note: Even if the text of the Hobbs Act
were ambiguous as to whether it precludes judicial review
of an agency interpretation in enforcement proceedings,
ambiguity does not suffice to deprive a party of that judicial
review. See, e.g., Guerrero-Lasprilla v. Barr, (2020); Cuozzo Speed Technologies, 579 U. S., at 273.
To deny a party like McLaughlin the opportunity to contest
the agency's interpretation in an enforcement proceeding,
Congress must clearly preclude such review. The Hobbs
Act does not do so.
Second, McKesson and the Government turn to precedent
and say that one of this Court's cases -- Yakus v. United
States, (1944) -- already construed a statute
similar to the Hobbs Act to bar judicial review in
enforcement proceedings. That argument, too, is
misplaced.
In Yakus, the Court considered pre-enforcement suits
authorized by the Emergency Price Control Act of 1942.
The question was whether the Act's authorization of pre-
enforcement suits for adjudicating the validity of World
War II pricing regulations and orders precluded judicial
review in subsequent enforcement proceedings. See id., at
418.
The Emergency Price Control Act contained two key
sentences governing judicial review. The first sentence said
that a specially created federal court possessed "exclusive
jurisdiction to determine the validity of any regulation or
order" covered by the Act. 56 Stat. 33.
That first sentence is similar to of the Hobbs Act. The
second sentence said: "Except as provided in this section,
no court, Federal, State, or Territorial, shall have
jurisdiction or power to consider the validity of any such
regulation, order, or price schedule." Ibid.. That second sentence is not replicated in the Hobbs
Act, but is similar to the preclusion-of-review provisions in
16 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

the Clean Water Act, CERCLA, and the Clean Air Act.
According to the Court in Yakus, the first sentence of the
Emergency Price Control Act, which gave a specific court
the exclusive jurisdiction to determine the validity of
certain regulations, "coupled with the provision" that
explicitly provided that no other court had jurisdiction to
"consider" the validity of those same regulations, deprived
the District Court in the later enforcement proceeding of
authority to consider the legality of the relevant price
regulation. 321 U. S., at 429 -- 430.
By using the phrase "coupled with," the Yakus Court
reasoned that those two sentences of the Emergency Price
Control Act together barred district court review. The first
sentence alone did not suffice. Importantly, moreover,
Yakus did not treat the second sentence of the Emergency
Price Control Act -- which barred all other courts from even
considering the validity of the regulations -- as redundant
or a restatement of the first. On the contrary, the Court
recognized that the two provisions achieved separate
objectives. The first sentence afforded a particular court
"exclusive" jurisdiction "to determine the validity" of a
pricing regulation in a pre-enforcement challenge. Id., at
443. The second sentence, in turn, foreclosed "any further
or other consideration of the validity of a regulation" in
enforcement proceedings. Ibid. The word "exclusive" in the
first sentence did not itself bar any subsequent review in
enforcement proceedings. If it had, then the second
sentence of the Emergency Price Control Act -- barring any
other consideration of the validity of the regulations -- 
would have been unnecessary. Yet the Act included the
second sentence and, importantly, the Yakus Court then
expressly relied on that second sentence in deciding that
review was precluded in subsequent enforcement
proceedings.
In 1950, six years after Yakus, Congress enacted the
Hobbs Act. According to McKesson and the Government,
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

Congress replicated relevant provisions of the Emergency
Price Control Act in the Hobbs Act. Not so. In enacting
of the Hobbs Act, Congress incorporated language
resembling the first sentence of the Emergency Price
Control Act that granted the courts of appeals exclusive
jurisdiction to entertain pre-enforcement challenges to
determine the validity of agency rules and orders. But
Congress did not carry forward the second sentence of the
Emergency Price Control Act, which provided that no other
court had jurisdiction even to "consider the validity" of
those same agency rules and orders. In the Hobbs Act, in
other words, Congress did not include the language from
the Emergency Price Control Act that, as interpreted in
Yakus, would have expressly communicated Congress's
decision to preclude district courts from considering the
validity of certain rules and orders.
In relying on Yakus, McKesson and the Government also
disregard a critical contextual difference between the
Emergency Price Control Act and the Hobbs Act. Congress
designed the Emergency Price Control Act for the wartime
context, where the need for quick and definitive judicial
rulings was at its zenith. By contrast, the Hobbs Act is an
omnibus administrative review statute that covers a
variety of agency rules and orders, without an exigency of
that kind.
Because the Emergency Price Control Act differs in
important textual and contextual ways from the Hobbs Act,
Yakus does not control here.
McKesson and the Government also rely on two Hobbs
Act cases, Port of Boston Marine Terminal Assn. v.
Rederiaktiebolaget Transatlantic, (1970), and
FCC v. ITT World Communications, Inc., 
(1984). But those cases likewise do not advance their cause.
In Port of Boston, two private parties had been opposed to
one another in an agency's adjudicative proceeding. 400
U. S., at 65 -- 66. Then, the losing party in the adjudicative
18 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

proceeding intervened in an ongoing District Court suit
against the other party, seeking to relitigate the agency's
decision. Id., at 64 -- 67. ITT World similarly involved a
party who lost before the agency and then turned around
and sued the agency in District Court. 466 U. S., at 465 -- 
466, 468. In both cases, this Court held that the Hobbs Act
barred the suit. See Port of Boston, 400 U. S., at 72; ITT
World, 466 U. S., at 468. Those decisions mean only that a
form of estoppel or preclusion applies when two parties are
opposed in an agency's adjudicative proceeding -- and the
losing party then seeks to upset the result of that
adjudicative proceeding in an ordinary district court suit
rather than in the court of appeals venue provided by
statute. See also, supra. The litigation between
McLaughlin and McKesson at issue in this case does not
implicate those concerns about "collateral redetermination
of the same issue" involving the same parties "in a different
and inappropriate forum." Port of Boston, 400 U. S., at 72.
To be sure, as McKesson and the Government note, one
paragraph near the end of the Port of Boston opinion could
be read more broadly than simply relying on estoppel or
preclusion principles. See ibid. But that paragraph was
styled as alternative reasoning and, if read broadly, would
be inconsistent with fundamental principles of
administrative law and judicial review that this Court has
emphasized in the years since. So we decline to adopt that
broader reading and instead confine Port of Boston to the
estoppel and preclusion principles that formed the primary
basis for the decision.7
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 On a related tack, McKesson and the Government point to century-

old precedents interpreting the Urgent Deficiencies Act of 1913, a
predecessor to the Hobbs Act. 38 Stat. 208; see Venner v. Michigan
Central R. Co., (1926); Lambert Run Coal Co. v. Baltimore
& Ohio R. Co., (1922). In those cases, the plaintiffs sued
private defendants and challenged agency decisions that had specifically
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

Third, McKesson and the Government argue that
practical problems could ensue if the Hobbs Act did not bar
judicial review of agency legal interpretations in
enforcement proceedings.
They raise concern about the potential disagreement and
inefficiency that could crop up if courts in enforcement
proceedings independently interpret statutes instead of
following an agency's interpretation. That policy-laden
argument does not overcome the text of the statute and
traditional administrative law principles. Moreover, the
argument is unpersuasive even on its own terms. If an
agency order is upheld in a pre-enforcement challenge by a
court of appeals, it is true that a different court of appeals
(upon review of a district court's decision) might disagree
with the agency's interpretation in an appeal from a
subsequent enforcement proceeding. But that inter-circuit
disagreement would simply create a circuit split on the
interpretation of the law and likely trigger review in this
Court. Circuit splits followed by this Court's review are
commonplace. There is no reason to think that Congress
wanted to short-circuit that ordinary system of judicial
review for the multiplicity of agency rules and orders
encompassed by the Hobbs Act.
The Government separately suggests that judicial review
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
authorized those defendants to engage in the disputed conduct -- by
granting what in essence was a license or waiver to the defendants. In
the District Courts, the plaintiffs sought injunctions that would negate
the agency's license or waiver and prevent the defendants "from doing
what the order specifically authorizes." Venner, 271 U. S., at 130; see
Lambert, 258 U. S., at 379 -- 382. This Court held that the proper avenue
for that kind of challenge was pre-enforcement review in the court
designated by the Urgent Deficiencies Act. In the Court's view, the
plaintiffs' requested relief was "equivalent to asking that the order be
adjudged invalid and set aside." Venner, 271 U. S., at 130; see Lambert,
258 U. S., at 381 -- 382. Those cases therefore do not shed light on the
broader issue in this case -- namely, the general availability of judicial
review in enforcement proceedings.
20 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

is not necessary in any event because an affected party who
did not bring a pre-enforcement challenge can always
petition the agency for a new rulemaking or declaratory
order. That is a largely empty promise. To begin, if the
Government actually supports judicial review after the
initial 60-day Hobbs Act period, it makes little sense to
squeeze review into that convoluted route rather than
recognizing judicial review in enforcement proceedings.
More fundamentally, judicial review may not always be
available under that route, or it may take many years for
the agency to act on a petition for a new rulemaking or
declaratory order. And even if judicial review of a denied
petition is available, "the ability to petition" an agency for
a new rulemaking or declaratory order is not "a sufficient
substitute for de novo judicial review of its lawfulness"
because the "agency's discretionary decision to decline to
take new action would be subject only to deferential judicial
review." Corner Post, 603 U. S., at 825, (quotation
marks omitted). In short, the Government's suggestion of
an alternative path of judicial review is largely illusory in
practice and does not supply a basis for denying judicial
review in district court enforcement proceedings.
The dissent expresses concern about how our decision
will affect the incentives of regulated parties. See post, at
1, 15 -- 16. Invoking plutonium shippers and nuclear reactor
operators, the dissent says that regulated parties like those
will be emboldened to violate agency rules and orders, all
because those regulated parties may challenge the validity
of agency rules and orders in subsequent enforcement
proceedings. But the APA itself makes judicial review
available in both pre-enforcement proceedings and
enforcement proceedings, so our decision today does not
create some unusual procedure. See Abbott Laboratories,
387 U. S., at 140 -- 141. Indeed, as is true under the APA,
many regulated parties will prefer to challenge a rule or
order in a pre-enforcement proceeding -- that is, before
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of the Court

running the risk of ruinous liability in an enforcement
proceeding. Avoiding exposure to liability in an
enforcement proceeding is a core purpose of pre-
enforcement review. See id., at 153 -- 154. We do not think
that the availability of judicial review in district court
enforcement proceedings will create the negative incentives
that the dissent is concerned about.
As it has done with the Clean Water Act, CERCLA, and
the Clean Air Act, Congress can choose to expressly
preclude judicial review in enforcement proceedings
(subject to constitutional constraints). But we should not
lightly conclude that Congress wants to simultaneously
deny judicial review in enforcement proceedings whenever
it grants particular courts "exclusive jurisdiction" over pre-
enforcement challenges. That would blindside parties who
would not necessarily have anticipated that they should
have filed a pre-enforcement challenge, insulate agencies
from circuit splits, and thereby render this Court's review
of significant agency rules and orders less likely. Such an
interpretation would read far too much into a few oblique
words in the Hobbs Act.
To the extent we consider real-world effects, moreover,
they cut against McKesson and the Government. As
McKesson and the Government see things, when the initial
window for pre-enforcement review closes, no one can argue
in court that the agency's interpretation of a statute is
incorrect -- no matter how wrong the agency's
interpretation might be. In other words, their argument
would require the District Court to afford absolute deference
to the agency. We see no good rationale for reading the
Hobbs Act to embody such an absolute-deference rule.
* * *
The District Court is not bound by the FCC's
interpretation of the TCPA. The District Court should
interpret the statute as courts traditionally do under
22 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
Opinion of the Court

ordinary principles of statutory interpretation, affording
appropriate respect to the agency's interpretation.
McKesson separately contends that we should affirm
anyway because, in its view, the FCC's interpretation of the
TCPA is correct. Consistent with our usual practice, we
leave that issue for remand. We reverse the judgment of
the Court of Appeals and remand the case for further
proceedings consistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

KAGAN, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 23 -- 1226
_________________

MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.,
PETITIONER v. MCKESSON CORPORATION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT
[June 20, 2025]

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting.
Imagine the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is-
sues a rule to ensure the safe handling of nuclear mate-
rial -- for example, by prohibiting the shipment of (radioac-
tive) plutonium by air. See 10 CFR.88 (2024). And
imagine, too, that a regulated party thinks the rule exceeds
the NRC's statutory authority. Must the party challenge
the rule right away -- before putting plutonium on a plane -- 
by bringing its arguments to a court of appeals? Or can the
party send plutonium through the skies without regard to
the rule, and contest its validity only when (really, if ) the
NRC initiates an enforcement action?
Today, the Court picks the second option: ship first, liti-
gate later. The Hobbs Act provides for prompt pre-enforce-
ment judicial review of much agency action, including most
of the NRC's rules and orders. See 28 U. S. C..
But as the majority sees things, the Act "does not preclude
district courts" from declaring a rule or order invalid years
after it issued, at the behest of a party who declined to seek
judicial review in the first instance. Ante, at 4. So a regu-
lated party, as in my plutonium example, can violate an
agency's rule, wait for the agency to discover the offense
and bring an enforcement action, and only then challenge
the rule as going beyond statutory authority. And the same
2 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
KAGAN, J., dissenting

is true in private litigation (as here), for either a plaintiff or
a defendant. If, for example, a defendant raises an agency's
rule or order in a civil suit (as McKesson did to defeat
McLaughlin's class action), the plaintiff can always respond
by challenging the agency action's validity. And that is so,
in both the administrative and the private contexts, even if
appellate courts have previously approved the agency rule
or order, so long as those judicial decisions are not somehow
binding (which they often will not be).
But the Court's conclusion is wrong, as a matter of ordi-
nary statutory interpretation. The text of the Hobbs Act
makes clear that litigants who have declined to seek pre-
enforcement judicial review may not contest the statutory
validity of agency action in later district-court enforcement
proceedings. And this Court's prior decisions have said just
that. Today's majority evades the Hobbs Act's most natural
meaning by relying on a novel "default rule," which de-
mands that Congress use a certain form of words -- really,
that Congress create statutory redundancy -- to preclude
parties from bringing down-the-road challenges to agency
action. That rule has no foundation in our law; it emerges
fully formed today from the majority's head. And it pre-
vents the Hobbs Act from functioning as Congress
wanted -- by allowing regulated parties to end-run the Act's
pre-enforcement judicial review scheme, and thereby un-
dermine the stability and efficacy of administrative pro-
grams.
I
Under the Hobbs Act, the federal courts of appeals have
"exclusive jurisdiction to enjoin, set aside, suspend (in
whole or in part), or to determine the validity of " specified
agency rules and orders.. The question here is
whether the Act -- despite vesting that "exclusive jurisdic-
tion" in the courts of appeals -- still allows a litigant to at-
tack the validity of a covered agency action in a district-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

KAGAN, J., dissenting

court enforcement proceeding. Or otherwise asked: May a
party in a district-court suit challenge a covered agency ac-
tion, many years after the action issued and underwent ju-
dicial review, as part of his claim or defense?
The Hobbs Act's text provides the answer. By its terms,
the Hobbs Act gives courts of appeals exclusive authority to
"determine the validity" of specified agency actions. "Ex-
clusive," of course, means courts of appeals alone, not dis-
trict courts. And there lies the problem for a party chal-
lenging agency action in a district court, not a court of
appeals. When he objects to an order because it miscon-
strues a statute, he asks the district court to "determine the
[order's] validity." The court, to address the claim, has to
settle or decide ("determine") whether the challenged
agency action is lawful ("valid"). See, e.g., Black's Law Dic-
tionary 536, 1719 (4th ed. 1951) (defining "determine" to
mean "settle" or "decide," and "validity" to mean "[l]egal suf-
ficiency"); see also id., at 1719 (defining "valid" to mean "le-
gally sufficient" or "authorized by law"). So the party's re-
quest is for the district court to do exactly what the Hobbs
Act says it cannot. This case could be Exhibit A. McLaugh-
lin wants a district court to disregard the Federal Commu-
nications Commission's (FCC's) Amerifactors order, 34 FCC
Rcd. 11950 (2019), on the ground that it conflicts with the
Telephone Consumer Protection Act. See ante, at 3 -- 4. But
to do that, the district court would need to decide (or "deter-
mine") that Amerifactors is legally wrong (or "invalid").
And the Hobbs Act reserves such determinations for the
federal courts of appeals. As the statute says, their juris-
diction is "exclusive."1

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 One exception bears mention: Under of the Administrative Pro-

cedure Act (APA), a litigant may challenge agency action in a district
court when he lacked an "adequate... opportunity" to obtain pre-en-
forcement review of the action in a court of appeals by way of the Hobbs
Act. See 5 U. S. C. ("Except to the extent that prior, adequate, and
4 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
KAGAN, J., dissenting

The majority's contrary reading of "determine the valid-
ity" has nothing to recommend it. In the majority's view, a
court determines the validity of an agency order only when
it "enter[s] a declaratory judgment" holding the order valid
or invalid. See ante, at 12. And because (the majority con-
tinues) a district court in an enforcement proceeding does
not enter a declaratory judgment, its ruling on validity does
not collide with the Hobbs Act. But why read "determine
the validity" to mean "issue a declaratory judgment deter-
mining the validity"? By adding words to the phrase -- usu-
ally considered bad practice in statutory interpretation -- 
the majority narrows its meaning. See, e.g., Lomax v. Ortiz-
Marquez, (2020) ("[T]his Court may not
narrow a provision's reach by inserting words Congress
chose to omit"). As Congress drafted the phrase, it refers to
any method of, or mechanism for, determining an order's
validity; as the majority reads the phrase, it reduces to only
one. Had Congress meant to refer to only that one, it had a
perfectly easy way to do so -- just insert language, along the
lines of the italics above, mentioning declaratory judg-
ments. Congress of course knows how to do that when it
wants to. See, e.g., 5 U. S. C. (referring to "actions for
declaratory judgments"). It did not want to here. It gave
exclusive jurisdiction to the courts of appeals to "determine

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
exclusive opportunity for judicial review is provided by law, agency ac-
tion is subject to judicial review in civil or criminal proceedings for judi-
cial enforcement" ). So if a specific litigant did not have
a practical way to seek pre-enforcement review under the Hobbs Act -- 
as, for example, a new business would not -- then that litigant can use an
enforcement proceeding to challenge an agency action. Contra, ante, at
11. But that benefit does not extend to a party that has intentionally or
negligently forgone Hobbs Act review. That kind of party had, but passed
up, an "adequate opportunity." And there is no dispute here that
McLaughlin is such a party: It knew about, but decided not to participate
in, consideration of the Amerifactors order. See Pet. for Cert. 20.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

KAGAN, J., dissenting

the validity of " specified agency orders and rules -- by what-
ever means, not just by entering declaratory judgments.2
History and precedent confirm that view. At the time
Congress drafted the Hobbs Act, this Court had held that
two statutes like it applied whenever a litigant's claim or
defense called agency action into question. See Venner v.
Michigan Central R. Co., (1926); Yakus v.
United States, (1944). Congress enacted the
Hobbs Act against the backdrop of those decisions, presum-
ably intending to replicate their results. See, e.g., Parker
Drilling Management Services, Ltd. v. Newton, (2019) ("It is a commonplace of statutory interpre-
tation that 'Congress legislates against the backdrop of ex-
isting law' "). And this Court has previously read the Hobbs
Act as doing exactly that -- as preventing later, collateral at-
tacks on agency orders that could have been challenged at
the time they issued.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The noscitur a sociis canon does not come to the majority's aid. Ac-

cording to the majority, the phrase preceding "to determine the valid-
ity" -- "to enjoin, set aside, suspend" -- refers to awarding "forms of relief."
Ante, at 13. And because a declaratory judgment is also a form of relief,
the majority claims that the general language of the "validity" phrase
should be narrowed to that particular. See ibid. But there are at least
three things wrong with that idea. First, there is just not enough ambi-
guity in the words "determine the validity" to resort to the highly nu-
anced and often unreliable noscitur canon. See, e.g., United States v.
Stevens, (2010). Second, a careful reader will note
that Congress did not, as the majority does, run the two phrases together
as one. Congress's language goes: A court of appeals has exclusive juris-
diction "to enjoin, set aside, suspend (in whole or in part), or to determine
the validity of " an agency order.. The addition of the second "to"
in that provision marks the "validity" phrase as slightly different from
what precedes it, thus making use of the canon still more inappropriate.
And third, the majority's argument fails even on its own terms, because
a court awards relief as much when it dismisses a suit based on an order's
invalidity as when it issues a declaratory judgment announcing the in-
validity. Nothing in the Hobbs Act suggests that Congress saw a differ-
ence in those alternative ways of providing relief from an illegal order.
6 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
KAGAN, J., dissenting

Begin with Venner, which involved a Hobbs Act predeces-
sor called the Urgent Deficiencies Act. The case arose from
an Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) order permit-
ting a railroad to participate in a joint venture with two
others. See 271 U. S., at 128 -- 129. A minority shareholder
of the railroad sued to enjoin the venture, arguing that the
ICC had no statutory authority to approve it. But we de-
cided the District Court lacked jurisdiction. The suit, we
explained, "assail[ed] the validity" of an ICC order by ask-
ing that the railroad "be enjoined from doing what the order
specifically authorize[d]." Id., at 130. And such an attack
on an agency order's validity had to be brought in the court,
and according to the procedures, the Urgent Deficiencies
Act directed. See ibid.; see also Lambert Run Coal Co. v.
Baltimore & Ohio R. Co., -- 382 (1922)
(similarly dismissing a civil suit because it was "in effect"
an attack on an agency rule). So Venner precluded, under
an earlier Hobbs-Act-type statute, just what today's major-
ity allows: a collateral attack on agency action brought as a
claim or defense in a later civil suit. If the majority were to
apply the Venner rule today, it would hold that McLaughlin
could not "assail the validity" of the FCC's Amerifactors or-
der except in the way the Hobbs Act specifies.3
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The majority's response, relegated to a footnote, is hard to make out.

It appears to limit the Venner holding to cases where the agency has is-
sued a party-specific order -- there, a "license or waiver" -- which a later
legal action seeks to undo. See ante, at 18,. But to begin with, an-
other decision taking the Venner line -- which the majority also cites -- 
involved a general ICC rule, rather than a party-specific license or
waiver. See Lambert Run Coal Co., 258 U. S., at 381 -- 382. And anyway,
the majority offers neither authority nor reason for treating the two
kinds of agency action differently -- for varying judicial review based on
whether an agency regulates in gross or instead party-by-party. Why,
for example, reach a different result in this case because the FCC, in-
stead of licensing a particular company to transmit faxes to an online fax
service, created a regulatory safe-harbor for any entity to do so? The idea
is, at a minimum, in tension with usual administrative law principles.
See, e.g., NLRB v. Bell Aerospace Co., -- 294 (1974)
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

KAGAN, J., dissenting

And Venner is no one-off: Yakus understood another
Hobbs Act precursor -- the jurisdictional provision of the
Emergency Price Control Act of 1942 (EPCA) -- in the iden-
tical way. That Act created an agency to issue regulations
and orders involving wartime prices. Relevant here, it also
gave a special court "exclusive jurisdiction to determine the
validity" of those orders, and barred other courts from "con-
sider[ing]" their "validity." See 321 U. S., at 429, 56 Stat. 33). The Court understood that lan-
guage -- some ending up verbatim in the Hobbs Act -- to pre-
clude a district court from ruling on the "validity" of the
agency's orders in a later enforcement proceeding (includ-
ing, as there, a criminal prosecution for violating the Act).
321 U. S., at 430. That holding follows straightforwardly
from Venner -- and likewise points to a different result to-
day.
The majority thinks Yakus is different because the EPCA
included a surfeit of exclusivity language. See ante, at 15 -- 
17. In one sentence (as in the Hobbs Act), the statute made
clear that the special court had "exclusive jurisdiction" to
"determine the validity" of the agency's orders; in the next,
the law provided that no other court had jurisdiction to con-
sider such an order's validity. See 321 U. S., at 429. Be-
cause the Yakus Court noted both, the majority argues, it
must have thought the first sentence insufficient alone. See
ante, at 16. But the majority's conclusion hardly follows
from its observation. Sure, the Yakus Court mentioned
both sentences, because both were there. (I would have
too.) But if only the first were there, would the Court have
reached a different conclusion? No, because the second sen-
tence is just the negative of the first: If Court X has "exclu-
sive jurisdiction" over a matter (here, "determining the va-
lidity" of agency action), Courts Y and Z have no authority
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
(leaving to agency discretion the choice between general rules and indi-
vidualized proceedings).
8 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
KAGAN, J., dissenting

over that matter -- just by dint of what "exclusive" means.
And indeed, in a later case involving the EPCA (decided just
two years before Congress enacted the Hobbs Act), we relied
only on the language in the first sentence to hold that the
special court's "exclusive jurisdiction" to "determin[e an or-
der's] validity" precluded a district court from entertaining
a collateral attack on the order. See Woods v. Hills, -- 214 (1948). The second sentence, we recog-
nized then, was just the opposite side of the coin, not worth
mentioning. Or, to switch to a more common statutory in-
terpretation metaphor, the second sentence was the "lam-
entably common" suspenders on top of the already suffi-
cient belt. A. Scalia & B. Garner, Reading Law 177 (2012).
It is thus not surprising that when this Court previously
encountered the Hobbs Act, it reached the same result -- 
once again foreclosing a district court's "collateral redeter-
mination" of the validity of an agency order. Port of Boston
Marine Terminal Assn. v. Rederiaktiebolaget Transatlantic,
(1970). And make no mistake: That is Port
of Boston's holding, however much the majority tries to veil
it. See ante, at 17 -- 18. The case got its start when the Fed-
eral Maritime Commission (FMC) issued an order in a rate-
making proceeding authorizing a port operator to impose
certain fees on shipowners using the port. Later, a ship-
owner intervened in an ongoing district-court suit to collect
the fees, and sought to argue that the FMC order allowing
them was in error. This Court held that the Hobbs Act
barred consideration of that issue. The Act, we explained,
was "explicit" in giving the courts of appeals "exclusive ju-
risdiction" to "determine the validity" of the FMC's orders.
400 U. S., at 69. And that meant the district court could
not entertain a "collateral attack" on what the FMC had
done. Id., at 71. In the last part of the opinion, the Court
responded to the shipowner's contention that such an at-
tack was "justif[ied]" because it had not participated in the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

KAGAN, J., dissenting

FMC's ratemaking. The Court began by noting -- in the sin-
gle paragraph the majority pretends is the crux of the deci-
sion -- that the shipowner really had taken part through an
agent. See ibid. And then the hammer came down: The
shipowner's participation -- or lack thereof -- simply did not
matter. See id., at 72. Even if the shipowner had not taken
part in the ratemaking, "it had every opportunity" to do so
and "then to seek timely review in the Court of Appeals."
Ibid. As long as that was true, the shipowner was stuck.
Echoing its earlier holding about the Act's "explicit" com-
mand, the Court again made clear: The shipowner "cannot
force collateral redetermination" of the FMC's decision "in
a different and inappropriate forum." Ibid.
So the majority today is wrong as a matter of text: The
Hobbs Act gives the courts of appeals exclusive jurisdiction
to determine the validity of agency action, meaning that
district courts have no jurisdiction to do so. The majority
today is wrong as a matter of history: Congress knew about
that judicial review regime when it enacted the Hobbs Act,
and would have expected the language it used (cribbed as it
was from the EPCA) to produce the same result. And the
majority today is wrong as a matter of precedent: This
Court has held that the Hobbs Act, like its precursors, sets
up a single judicial review mechanism for agency rules and
orders, and prevents later collateral attacks on them in
other courts. Small wonder, then, that every court of ap-
peals to address the question before us has rejected the po-
sition the majority takes.4 There is simply nothing in the

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 See, e.g., CE Design, Ltd. v. Prism Bus. Media, Inc., 606 F. 3d 443,

447 -- 448 (CA7 2010) (suit between private parties); Nack v. Walburg, 715
F. 3d 680, 686 -- 687 (CA8 2013) (same); Mais v. Gulf Coast Collection Bu-
reau, Inc., 768 F. 3d 1110, 1119 -- 1121 (CA11 2014) (same); Daniels v.
Union Pac. R. Co., 530 F. 3d 936, 940 -- 941 (CADC 2008) (same); United
States v. Any & All Radio Station Transmission Equip., 207 F. 3d 458,
463 (CA8 2000) (agency enforcement action in district court); United
States v. Dunifer, 219 F. 3d 1004, 1007 (CA9 2000) (same).
10 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
KAGAN, J., dissenting

law to support today's result.
II
How, then, does the majority justify its position? All of
the work is done through the creation of a so-called "default
rule." Ante, at 7. According to the majority, Congress's de-
cision to give the courts of appeals "exclusive" jurisdiction
to "determine the validity" of agency action is not enough to
prevent district courts in later proceedings from doing the
same thing. That is because, the majority says, Congress
did not "expressly preclude" those district-court determina-
tions. Ibid. And what Congress did not "expressly pre-
clude," we should understand it to have permitted. The
idea is closely related to the majority's view of Yakus. See
supra, at 7 -- 8; ante, at 15 -- 17. Recall that the EPCA's first
sentence gave exclusive jurisdiction to the special appellate
court to review an agency action's "validity," and its second
sentence affirmed that other courts had no jurisdiction over
the identical matters. See 414 U. S., at 429. The majority
insists on Congress always taking that double-barreled,
belt-and-suspenders approach. Where Congress has not,
courts cannot ask, as a matter of ordinary statutory inter-
pretation, whether an exclusivity provision alone expresses
Congress's intent to have court-of-appeals review be, well,
exclusive. Congress always has to add a second, "we mean
it too" sentence.
But why? The majority offers only two reasons -- the pre-
sumption of judicial review of agency action and the APA.
See ante, at 8 -- 10. Neither provides support for the major-
ity's novel default rule.
The presumption of judicial review of agency action is in-
deed "basic," ante, at 8, but it does not stretch as wide as
the majority claims. The principal case the majority cites
puts it this way: We presume that "Congress did not mean
to prohibit all judicial review" of an agency's decision.
Bowen v. Michigan Academy of Family Physicians, 476
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

KAGAN, J., dissenting

U. S. 667, 672 (1986) ; emphasis added); see Thunder Basin
Coal Co. v. Reich, (1994). "All" is a
small word, but it means something. The presumption does
not operate when Congress, rather than eliminating judi-
cial review, has channeled it in one direction or another. So,
for example, this Court has approved many congressional
schemes lodging pre-enforcement review of agency action in
the courts of appeals alone, even though parties may wish
to proceed, in the ordinary way, first to district court. See
id., at 207 -- 208, 218; Axon Enterprise, Inc. v. FTC, -- 186 (2023). "Because court of appeals review is
available," we have explained, those schemes "do not im-
plicate" the presumption favoring judicial review of agency
action. Thunder Basin, 510 U. S., at 207,.5 Similarly
here. The Hobbs Act simply favors a centralized way of
providing judicial review of covered actions -- at a particular
time, in a particular court. And as noted earlier, it does not
apply when a person lacks an adequate opportunity to avail
himself of that mechanism; in that event, he can obtain ju-
dicial review in a later proceeding. See supra, at 3,. So
the Hobbs Act does not implicate the presumption in favor
of judicial review.
Neither does the APA support the majority's default rule.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The majority's allegedly contrary authorities, see ante, at 9, do

not say otherwise: None applies the presumption of judicial review to a
statute that merely channels review to one court rather than another.
The "limits" the Court spoke of in Cuozzo Speed Technologies, LLC v. Lee,
(2016), operated to cut off all judicial review of partic-
ular issues, rather than to place that review in a single court; hence, the
presumption kicked in (although it was there overcome). And in both
Thunder Basin, and Elgin v. Department of Treasury, (2012) -- which did involve channeling -- no presumption operated.
The Court did ordinary statutory interpretation to figure out what Con-
gress wanted. See Thunder Basin, 510 U. S., at 207, 216 (counseling an
inquiry into "language," "structure," "purpose," and "legislative history");
Elgin, 567 U. S., at 10 (similar).
12 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
KAGAN, J., dissenting

The majority relies on Section 703, which it presents as fol-
lows:
"Except to the extent that prior, adequate, and exclu-
sive opportunity for judicial review is provided by law,
agency action is subject to judicial review in civil or
criminal proceedings for judicial enforcement." Ante, at
8 (emphasis supplied by majority).
But what if we instead present Section 703 like this:
"Except to the extent that prior, adequate, and exclusive
opportunity for judicial review is provided by law,
agency action is subject to judicial review in civil or
criminal proceedings for judicial enforcement."
The point, of course, is that under Section 703 the majority's
preferred kind of judicial review is subject to an exception:
Congress may replace it with a "prior, adequate, and exclu-
sive opportunity for judicial review." To me, that phrase
reads like a description of the Hobbs Act. I imagine to the
majority it does not (though, if not the Hobbs Act, what?).
But on neither view can one find in Section 703 the demand
for an interpretive fist on the scales, of the sort the majority
devises. To the contrary, a court treats Section 703 respect-
fully when it addresses straight up the issue that the pref-
atory clause makes decisive: Does some statute provide for
a "prior, adequate, and exclusive opportunity for judicial re-
view"?
The Attorney General's Manual on the Administrative
Procedure Act, which the majority also cites, in fact en-
dorses that straight-up (not pre-jiggered) interpretive ap-
proach. The majority quotes the following from the Man-
ual: "[I]n many situations" "an appropriate method of
attacking the validity of agency action is to set up the al-
leged invalidity as a defense in a civil or criminal enforce-
ment proceeding." Ante, at 9; Dept. of Justice, Attorney
General's Manual on the Administrative Procedure Act 99
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

KAGAN, J., dissenting

(1947). True enough. But the Manual also makes clear that
sometimes that will not be an appropriate method -- be-
cause Congress has decided otherwise. A statute, the Man-
ual explains, may "expressly provide for an exclusive
method of judicial review which precludes challenge of
agency action in enforcement proceedings." Ibid., and. Or, the Manual continues, "a court may
conclude from the statutory context that such was the leg-
islative intention." Ibid. So the directive the Manual gives
is to do ordinary statutory interpretation -- not to avoid it,
as the majority does. "In brief," the Manual summarizes,
"courts must determine in each case" whether Congress "in-
tended to preclude or to permit judicial review of agency ac-
tion in enforcement proceedings." Id., at 100 -- 101. Quite
right -- someone should tell the majority.
Finally, note what the majority does not have to support
its interpretive method -- any on-point precedent. No Ven-
ner or Yakus or Port of Boston. See supra, at 5 -- 9. No Lam-
bert or Woods. See supra, at 6, 8. There is a lone quotation
from Corner Post, Inc. v. Board of Governors, (2024). See ante, at 9. But that statement merely notes
the general rule that a person can attack a regulation in
enforcement proceedings; it does not say anything about
how to determine whether a statute like the Hobbs Act pro-
vides an exception to that rule. On that question, as shown
above, all the Court's precedent goes against the majority's
view.
III
The majority's misreading of the Hobbs Act prevents the
statute from serving its intended function. Today's holding
undermines the certainty and finality Congress sought in
designing a mechanism for judicial review; it subjects all
administrative schemes, and the many businesses and in-
dividuals relying on them, to the ever-present risk of dis-
ruption. On a more technical -- but still quite important -- 
14 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
KAGAN, J., dissenting

level, the holding allows parties to put agency action in
jeopardy without suing, or even notifying, the Government.
And the holding makes more likely that regulated parties
will put off submitting to lawful agency action, including in
areas where Congress would have most valued sure and im-
mediate compliance. In all, the majority's misreading frus-
trates the point of the Act, which is to prevent collateral
attacks, possibly years down the line, on even the most set-
tled administrative frameworks.
First and foremost, the majority's position guts Con-
gress's scheme -- centered on a 60-day time limit -- for en-
suring quick resolution of challenges to agency action, and
repose after that. See Corner Post, 603 U. S., at 817 (de-
scribing the Hobbs Act's time limit as a "repose provi-
sio[n ]"). Under the Act, a single circuit court is to resolve
all challenges to a covered action's validity that are brought
within 60 days. See, 2112(a). On the 61st day, a
challenge is untimely. The idea is to rule on the legal dis-
putes at the beginning, often with the full range of stake-
holders present. Once the court of appeals resolves the
challenges -- up or down, valid or invalid -- the rules of the
road are set. Regulated parties know what they have to
comply with, and also what they can rely on. Except that
the majority's decision today blows all that up. The finality
and certainty of the Hobbs Act system will largely evapo-
rate under the constant pressure of later enforcement ac-
tions. Any party at any time in the future -- ad infinitum,
so to speak -- will now be able to disrupt even the most solid-
seeming regulatory regimes. Those who complied with the
old rules (for example, who took advantage of the FCC's safe
harbor for certain faxes) may become in a moment exposed
to liability. No one will know what they can rely on. And
so the majority today subverts Congress's object. A strict
60-day time limit, meant to give stability to the administra-
tive sphere, now becomes a forever-provision, putting eve-
rything always up for grabs.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

KAGAN, J., dissenting

The majority's holding also will deprive the Government
of the opportunity to defend agency action. Under the
Hobbs Act, a person challenging an agency order must sue
the United States and serve its petition on both the agency
and the Attorney General.. Those requirements
have an obvious purpose: They enable the Government to
protect its interests by standing up for the order under at-
tack. See Port of Boston, 400 U. S., at 70; cf. 28 U. S. C.
(similarly requiring notice and an opportunity to
intervene for the United States in any action challenging a
statute's constitutionality). But under the majority's re-
gime, a district court may declare an order invalid in a pri-
vate suit (or a suit involving a State) that the Government
has no role in -- maybe does not even know about. Here, for
example, McLaughlin's challenge to the Amerifactors order
arose in a class action not involving the Government. After
today -- and contra the Hobbs Act -- a court could sustain
such a challenge without the FCC having so much as a
chance to object.
Finally, I return to where I started, with a party -- let's
say again, a plutonium shipper -- who would prefer to ignore
an agency order and contest it later (if the Government
brings an enforcement action). The Hobbs Act, read rightly,
checks that kind of conduct, by providing for a definitive
ruling on the order's legality soon after it issues. And it is
not hard to see why Congress favored that approach.
Among the agency actions covered are rules governing the
NRC's licensees -- like plutonium shippers or nuclear reac-
tor operators. See 42 U. S. C.. And similarly, orders
issued by the Secretary of Transportation to address rail-
way safety emergencies. 49 U. S. C., 20114(c).
In other words, agency actions that (assuming they clear
judicial review) Congress would have wanted regulated
parties to comply with now. But the majority decides today
that prompt compliance is really just an option. The pluto-
nium shipper can disobey an agency order, knowing that,
16 MCLAUGHLIN CHIROPRACTIC ASSOCIATES, INC.
v. MCKESSON CORP.
KAGAN, J., dissenting

even in the face of a court of appeals decision upholding it,
he can later seek a different result. The majority responds:
No worries, because many or most regulated parties will
prefer pre-enforcement review anyway. See ante, at 20 -- 21.
And that is right -- many or most will. But Congress was
entitled to decide that even a few parties out of compliance
with an NRC order (until a later enforcement proceeding)
were a few too many -- so that parties should not be given
that choice. In allowing parties to end-run early judicial
review, the majority thus flouts the Hobbs Act's design.
* * *
The Hobbs Act gives the courts of appeals "exclusive ju-
risdiction" to "determine the validity" of covered agency ac-
tion. Those words mean what they say, or anyway should.
They mean that, because the appellate courts' jurisdiction
is exclusive, district courts have no power to make the de-
termination anew. Once an agency action has gone through
the Act's judicial review scheme, the question of the action's
validity is over. Because the majority today rejects that
straightforward reading and thereby subverts the Act's op-
eration, I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE KAVANAUGH delivered the opinion of the Court.
More than 50 nuclear power plants in the United States
produce electricity for American homes and businesses.
But those plants also generate dangerous spent nuclear
fuel, which is usually stored on site. Because some plants
are shutting down or no longer operating, on-site storage is
not a viable long-term solution. To address the storage
problem, federal law has long designated the Yucca
Mountain Nuclear Waste Repository in Nevada as the
future permanent site for disposal of spent nuclear fuel.
But the Nevada project has caused significant political
controversy and has stalled.
To fill the void, some private businesses have sought to
build and operate facilities to store spent nuclear fuel "off
site" -- that is, off the site of a nuclear power plant. To do
so, however, they need to obtain licenses from the Nuclear
2 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

Regulatory Commission.
Here, the Commission granted a renewable 40-year
license to a private entity seeking to store spent nuclear fuel
at an off-site facility in West Texas. The State of Texas and
a private West Texas business known as Fasken Land and
Minerals objected to the project and sued in the U. S. Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. They argued that federal
law does not authorize storage of spent nuclear fuel at
private off-site facilities.
The threshold question here is whether Texas and
Fasken may maintain this suit. The Court of Appeals said
yes. We disagree. Under the Hobbs Act, only an aggrieved
"party" may obtain judicial review of a Commission
licensing decision. To qualify as a party to a licensing
proceeding, the Atomic Energy Act requires that one either
be a license applicant or have successfully intervened in the
licensing proceeding. In this case, however, Texas and
Fasken are not license applicants, and they did not
successfully intervene in the licensing proceeding. So
neither was a party eligible to obtain judicial review in the
Fifth Circuit. For that reason, we reverse the judgment of
the Court of Appeals and do not decide the underlying
statutory dispute over whether the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission possesses authority to license private off-site
storage facilities.
I
A
In 1954, Congress passed and President Eisenhower
signed the Atomic Energy Act. 68 Stat. 919, 42 U. S. C.
et seq. The Act allowed for private commercial
nuclear power plants. Today, more than 50 nuclear power
plants -- along with coal, natural gas, and renewable energy
sources -- produce electricity for American homes and
businesses. In all, nuclear power plants generate almost 20
percent of the electricity in America.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

Nuclear power plants also create radioactive waste -- as
relevant here, spent nuclear fuel. To lawfully store that
waste, nuclear power plants and storage facilities must
obtain a license from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission., 2092 -- 2093(a), 2111(a).
A license application initiates an adjudicatory proceeding
where the Commission determines whether the applicant
has met the statutory and regulatory criteria.,
2239. Section 2239 governs intervention in those
proceedings. It states: "In any proceeding" for "the
granting, suspending, revoking, or amending of any license... any person whose interest may be affected by the
proceeding" may request to intervene and participate in a
hearing, and the Commission "shall admit any such person
as a party to such proceeding." (1)(A). The
Commission in turn has promulgated regulations
specifying when a person may intervene under.
Among other things, the Commission directs intervenors to
proffer a "contention" that shows a "genuine dispute... on
a material issue of law or fact." 10 CFR.309(f) (2024). In
1990, the D. C. Circuit upheld the Commission's
intervention regulations as consistent with the Atomic
Energy Act. See Union of Concerned Scientists v. NRC, 920
F. 2d 50, 51 -- 56.
The licensing proceeding culminates with a final order by
the Commission that either grants or denies the license.
The final orders of the Commission are subject to judicial
review under the Administrative Orders Review Act of
1950, commonly known as the Hobbs Act. Ch. 1189, 64
Stat. 1129, as amended; see. The Hobbs Act
provides that any "party aggrieved by the final order may,
within 60 days after its entry, file a petition to review the
order" in a court of appeals. 28 U. S. C..
4 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

B
For decades, the question of how best to store and dispose
of spent nuclear fuel has sparked contentious American
policy and political debates, and intermittent legislative
and regulatory efforts. More than 50 commercial nuclear
power plants in the United States now store spent nuclear
fuel on site at the plants themselves. That waste must be
carefully stored in pools or casks. Safe storage requires
substantial space and resources.
In 1980, acting pursuant to the 1954 Atomic Energy Act,
the Nuclear Regulatory Commission promulgated
regulations governing the licensing of private spent fuel
storage facilities. 45 Fed. Reg. 74693 (1980); see 10 CFR pt.
72. In adopting those regulations, the Commission
emphasized that it was not claiming new authority, but
instead was codifying "certain existing regulatory practices
and better defin[ing] licensing requirements covering" off-
site storage under the Atomic Energy Act. 45 Fed. Reg.
74693. Under the Commission's regulations, private
storage facilities for spent nuclear fuel may be located either
on site or off the site of a commercial nuclear power plant.
Id., at 74696. Eligible storage facilities can obtain
renewable 40-year licenses for interim storage of spent
nuclear fuel "pending its ultimate disposal." Id., at 74694,
74703; 10 CFR.42.
Soon thereafter, Congress passed and President Reagan
signed the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, 96 Stat. 2201,
42 U. S. C. et seq. That Act directed the
Department of Energy to build a geologic repository to
permanently dispose of the Nation's spent nuclear fuel. See
42 U. S. C. -- 10145. Importantly, the Act did not
disturb the Commission's 1980 regulations allowing both
on-site and off-site private storage facilities.
The U. S. Court of Appeals for the D. C. Circuit
subsequently upheld the Commission's 1980 regulations for
the licensing of private off-site storage facilities. See
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

Bullcreek v. NRC, 359 F. 3d 536, 537 -- 538, 541 -- 543 (2004).
The D. C. Circuit reasoned that the 1980 regulations were
authorized by and consistent with the 1954 Atomic Energy
Act, and that the 1982 Act did not deny or repeal the
Commission's authority to license private off-site storage
facilities or otherwise disturb the 1980 regulations. Ibid.
Under licenses granted by the Commission, spent nuclear
fuel is currently being stored at about 10 privately owned
storage sites in the United States where there are no active
nuclear reactors. Brief for United States 6.
Meanwhile, in 1987, Congress amended the 1982 Act to
specify Yucca Mountain in Nevada as the permanent
repository site for spent nuclear fuel. See 101 Stat. 1330 -- 
227 to 1330 -- 228 (codified at 42 U. S. C. ). But
Nevada's objections and the (not coincidental) lack of
appropriated funds slowed progress on the Yucca Mountain
repository. And the U. S. Government eventually
suspended the Yucca Mountain project. Most of the
Nation's spent nuclear fuel continues to be stored on site at
nuclear power plants.
C
In 2018, Interim Storage Partners, a business known as
ISP, applied for a license to build a private off-site storage
facility in Andrews County, Texas. Andrews County is in
West Texas, northwest of Midland and north of I -- 20
adjacent to the Texas -- New Mexico border. The Nuclear
Regulatory Commission published a notice in the Federal
Register. 83 Fed. Reg. 44070 (2018). Several entities
sought to intervene in the licensing proceeding, including
Fasken, which grazes cattle and operates oil and gas wells
in West Texas. Fasken objected to the proposed facility and
raised various concerns, including possible environmental
contamination and harm to endangered species.
The Commission denied Fasken's petition to intervene.
The Commission's regulations require would-be
6 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

intervenors to, among other things, proffer a sufficient
"contention," which means "sufficient information to show
that a genuine dispute exists with the applicant/licensee on
a material issue of law or fact." 10 CFR.309(f). After
holding two days of oral argument on various intervention
petitions, the Commission's Atomic Safety and Licensing
Board Panel ruled that Fasken (and several other would-be
intervenors) had not satisfied the requirements for
intervention. The full Commission affirmed.
Fasken then sought review in the D. C. Circuit,
challenging the Commission's denial of intervention.
Fasken did not argue that the regulations were inconsistent
with the statute. Rather, it contended that, under the
regulations, it had a right to intervene. The D. C. Circuit
decided that Fasken was not entitled to intervene. Don't
Waste Mich. v. NRC, 2023 WL 395030 (Jan. 25, 2023).
Fasken did not seek en banc review of the denial of
intervention, nor did it petition for certiorari in this Court.
In May 2020, the Commission issued a draft
environmental impact statement, or EIS, as required by the
National Environmental Policy Act, 83 Stat. 852, as
amended, 42 U. S. C. et seq. See 10 CFR.10
et seq. A Texas government agency and Fasken both
commented on the draft EIS. App. 125, 205. The Texas
agency contended that the proposed facility was creating
"significant unease with the public" and that the
Commission had done too little to prevent the facility from
becoming a de facto permanent storage site. Id., at 205.
Fasken argued that the facility created an unacceptably
high risk of environmental contamination. Id., at 126; see
also id., at 128 -- 146, 198 -- 199. In July 2021, the
Commission published its final EIS.
In September 2021, the Commission granted ISP a
license to build and operate its proposed off-site facility for
storage of spent nuclear fuel. Id., at 284 -- 287. Texas and
Fasken then sued in the Fifth Circuit, arguing that the
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

Commission lacked statutory authority to license storage of
spent nuclear fuel at a private off-site facility.
The Fifth Circuit vacated ISP's license. 78 F. 4th 827,
831 (2023). First, notwithstanding that the Hobbs Act
limits jurisdiction to a "party" aggrieved and that neither
Fasken nor Texas successfully intervened as a "party"
under the Atomic Energy Act, the court ruled that it could
reach the merits. The Fifth Circuit reasoned that Texas
and Fasken could challenge ultra vires agency action -- that
is, action entirely outside the Commission's authority -- 
regardless of whether they qualified as parties aggrieved
under the Hobbs Act. Id., at 839 -- 840. Second, on the
merits, the Fifth Circuit held that the Commission lacked
statutory authority to license a private off-site facility for
storage of spent nuclear fuel. Id., at 840. In so ruling, the
Fifth Circuit disagreed with the D. C. Circuit's 2004
Bullcreek decision, which had held to the contrary. 78 F.
4th, at 841 -- 842.
By a 9-to-7 vote, the Fifth Circuit denied rehearing en
banc. 95 F. 4th 935 (2024). The Nuclear Regulatory
Commission and ISP both sought review in this Court, and
we granted certiorari. 603 U. S. ___ (2024).
II
The Hobbs Act generally allows any "party aggrieved" by
a licensing order of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to
obtain judicial review in a federal court of appeals. 28
U. S. C.. The threshold question here is whether
Texas and Fasken qualified as parties to the Commission
proceeding who could obtain judicial review in the Fifth
Circuit.
The Commission argues that, to become a party to a
Commission licensing proceeding for purposes of the Hobbs
and Atomic Energy Acts, a person or entity must either be
the license applicant or successfully intervene in the
proceeding. Because Texas and Fasken are not the license
8 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

applicants and did not successfully intervene, the
Commission contends that Texas and Fasken are not
parties and cannot maintain this suit.
Texas and Fasken disagree and advance three
alternative arguments for why they can pursue this case.
First, according to Texas and Fasken, they were parties
because both of them submitted comments to the
Commission. Fasken also separately argues that it was a
party because it sought to intervene in the licensing
proceeding, even though it did not successfully intervene.
Second, Fasken contends that the Commission
erroneously denied Fasken's intervention petition.
Specifically, Fasken contends that the Commission's
regulations governing intervention are inconsistent with
the text of the Atomic Energy Act and set too high a bar for
intervention. Fasken says that the D. C. Circuit's decision
affirming the Commission's denial of Fasken's intervention
petition does not preclude Fasken from relitigating the
intervention issue in this litigation.
Third, Texas and Fasken claim that their statutory
claims are reviewable even if they were not parties to the
Commission's licensing proceeding. Agreeing with the
Fifth Circuit, they argue that the Commission acted ultra
vires by issuing a license to ISP, so a court may invalidate
the license even if no statutory avenue for judicial review
like the Administrative Procedure Act or the Hobbs Act is
available.
We disagree with each of Texas's and Fasken's
arguments. They were not parties to the Commission's
licensing proceeding and therefore cannot obtain judicial
review of the Commission's licensing decision.
A
First, Texas and Fasken contend that simply submitting
comments or attempting to intervene in the Commission's
licensing proceeding suffices to qualify as a party under the
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

Hobbs Act. Not so.
Under the Hobbs Act, only a "party" aggrieved by the
licensing proceeding may seek judicial review.
Importantly, a "party" aggrieved is not synonymous with a
"person" aggrieved. In the Administrative Procedure Act of
1946, Congress created a general cause of action for any
"person... aggrieved" by agency action. 5 U. S. C..
But as then-Judge Scalia explained, when Congress
enacted the Hobbs Act in 1950, it "did not adopt the 'person
aggrieved' standard used in the general judicial review
provision of the APA, even though the features of that
legislation adopted four years earlier were prominently in
mind." Simmons v. ICC, 716 F. 2d 40, 43 (CADC 1983).
Therefore, as Judge Scalia stated, "we must read 'party' as
referring to a party before the agency." Ibid. Other Courts
of Appeals agree with the D. C. Circuit on that point. See,
e.g., Blackstone Valley Nat. Bank v. Board of Governors of
FRS, 537 F. 2d 1146, 1147 (CA1 1976); Wales Transp., Inc.
v. ICC, 728 F. 2d 774, 776, (CA5 1984); Packard
Elevator v. ICC, 808 F. 2d 654, 655 (CA8 1986); Sierra Club
v. NRC, 825 F. 2d 1356, 1360 (CA9 1987).
The question then is how one becomes a party in a
Commission licensing proceeding. Texas and Fasken
emphasize ordinary dictionary definitions of "party," such
as "participator." E.g., 11 Oxford English Dictionary 281 -- 
282 (2d ed. 1989); see Random House Dictionary of the
English Language 1052 -- 1053 (1966) ("participant").
According to Texas and Fasken, they "participated" and
became parties by filing comments or attempting to
intervene.
But the text of the Atomic Energy Act indicates that one
must be the license applicant or successfully intervene in
order to obtain party status in a Commission licensing
proceeding. That Act provides: "In any proceeding under
this chapter, for the granting... of any license... the
Commission shall grant a hearing upon the request of any
10 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

person whose interest may be affected by the proceeding,
and shall admit any such person as a party to such
proceeding." 42 U. S. C. (1)(A).
That text means that a "person" becomes a "party" only
after that person requests to participate in a hearing before
the Commission -- that is, requests to intervene -- and is
actually "admit[ted]... to such proceeding" by the
Commission. Ibid. It follows that if the Commission fails
to "admit" someone "as a party," that person or entity is not
a party.1
Texas responds that the text of the Hobbs Act does not
distinguish between rulemaking and adjudicative
proceedings. So as Texas sees it, the same participation
that confers party status in an agency rulemaking -- 
namely, filing a comment -- should suffice to qualify for
party status in an agency adjudication such as a
Commission licensing proceeding. We disagree with that
"lowest common denominator" approach to party status.
Tr. of Oral Arg. 85. The Hobbs Act applies to a variety of
agency actions, and what suffices for party status in one
category of proceeding may be inadequate in another. Here,
the text of the Atomic Energy Act makes clear that a person
or entity must be granted intervention in order to become a
"party" to a Commission licensing proceeding, even if
something less than intervention may suffice in other
proceedings such as rulemakings (or perhaps certain less-
formal agency adjudications) that are also governed by the
Hobbs Act.
Because the Atomic Energy Act confines party status to
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 To be sure, if the Commission errs in denying intervention, the

denied person or entity may obtain judicial review of the denial of
intervention (as Fasken did here in the D. C. Circuit). But until one is
granted intervention either by the Commission directly or following a
reviewing court's decision, that person or entity is not a "party" and
cannot obtain judicial review of the Commission's licensing decision
under the Hobbs Act.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

license applicants and intervenors, we also reject Texas's
argument, advanced for the first time at oral argument,
that the Commission in effect offered party status to those
who submitted comments on the draft EIS. Id., at 86 -- 88.
By way of comparison, participation by amici in a court
proceeding does not make the amici parties, even if the
court invited such participation. See United States ex rel.
Eisenstein v. City of New York, (2009).
So too in Commission licensing proceedings under the
Atomic Energy Act. Where judicial review of an underlying
agency action is not otherwise available, an entity cannot
bootstrap its way into judicial review of that action simply
by commenting on a draft EIS, even if invited to do so.
To be clear, Texas and Fasken could (and did) submit
information and views to the Commission that the
Commission could analyze in its decisionmaking process -- 
not unlike an amicus brief in a court proceeding. But that
level of participation does not equate to party status in this
statutory scheme.
In light of the statutory text and context, those who were
not license applicants or granted intervention in the
Commission's licensing proceeding do not qualify as parties
who can obtain judicial review under the Hobbs Act.
B
Second, Fasken asserts (as does the dissent) that, in any
event, Fasken satisfied the statutory criteria for
intervention under the Atomic Energy Act -- and thus
should have been granted intervention by the Commission.
And Fasken contends that the D. C. Circuit's decision
upholding the Commission's denial of intervention in
earlier litigation does not preclude it from now relitigating
that issue in the Fifth Circuit and this Court. We disagree.
The Atomic Energy Act generally provides that the
Commission "shall admit" any person who requests a
hearing and "whose interest may be affected by the
12 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

proceeding." 42 U. S. C. (1)(A). The Commission's
regulations governing intervention in turn require
intervenors to meet several specific criteria. For example,
the Commission directs intervenors to proffer a
"contention" that creates a "genuine dispute... on a
material issue of law or fact." 10 CFR.309(f) (2024). In
1990, the D. C. Circuit upheld the Commission's
intervention regulations as consistent with the Atomic
Energy Act, including. See Union of Concerned
Scientists v. NRC, 920 F. 2d 50, 51 -- 56.
According to Fasken (and the dissent), the Commission's
regulations set a higher bar for intervention than the
Atomic Energy Act contemplates. In 1990, the D. C. Circuit
rejected that argument. See ibid. In any event, that
question is not before us in this case. Fasken could (and
already did) obtain judicial review in the D. C. Circuit of the
denial of its petition to intervene. See (1). In the
D. C. Circuit, Fasken did not question the legality of the
Commission's intervention regulations. See Don't Waste
Mich. v. NRC, 2023 WL 395030 (Jan. 25, 2023). Fasken
simply challenged how the Commission applied its
regulations in this case. But the D. C. Circuit rejected
Fasken's arguments. And Fasken did not seek en banc
review in the D. C. Circuit or certiorari in this Court. The
decision on intervention is final.
Fasken cannot now use a new Hobbs Act suit to
collaterally attack the D. C. Circuit's prior ruling on
intervention. An analogy to judicial proceedings is
instructive. In the judicial context, "intervention is the
requisite method for a nonparty to become a party to a
lawsuit." Eisenstein, 556 U. S., at 933. And "only parties
to a lawsuit, or those that properly become parties, may
appeal an adverse judgment." Marino v. Ortiz, (1988) (per curiam).
Therefore, a nonparty who wishes to appeal from a
district court decision ordinarily must seek to intervene in
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

the district court proceeding. If the district court denies
that intervention motion, the nonparty may appeal the
denial of intervention. But the nonparty may not obtain
appellate review of any final order of the district court in
the underlying proceeding unless and until the denial of
intervention is reversed. See ibid.
So too in Commission proceedings. If a request to
intervene fails before the Commission, the would-be
intervenor may seek judicial review of that decision -- as
Fasken did in the D. C. Circuit. But a person who has not
successfully intervened before the Commission may not, as
a nonparty, bring a Hobbs Act suit contesting the merits of
orders issued in the underlying Commission proceeding.
Texas and Fasken complain that the Commission is
unilaterally denying access to judicial review by limiting
intervention. That charge rings hollow. Texas did not even
seek to intervene in the Commission's licensing proceeding.
As for Fasken, the Commission's gatekeeping decision
denying it intervention was subject to judicial review in the
D. C. Circuit. After losing there, Fasken chose not to seek
en banc review or further review in this Court.
In short, the Hobbs Act affords judicial review to those
who were parties before the Commission. Here, obtaining
party status required Texas or Fasken to successfully
intervene in the Commission proceeding. Because neither
Texas nor Fasken successfully intervened, they may not
obtain judicial review of the Commission's licensing
decision under the Hobbs Act.
C
Third, Texas and Fasken alternatively argue that they
need not be parties in order to bring claims of ultra vires
agency action. That argument was the basis of the Fifth
Circuit's decision. (Notably, the dissent today does not
adopt that argument.)
Before enactment of the APA, those challenging agency
14 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

action often lacked a statutory cause of action. Yet courts
sometimes entertained "a bill in equity to attack
administrative action when no statutory review was
available." 3 K. Hickman & R. Pierce, Administrative Law.7, p. 2600 (7th ed. 2024). In particular, courts
recognized a right to equitable relief where an agency's
action was ultra vires -- that is, "unauthorized by any law
and... in violation of the rights of the individual."
American School of Magnetic Healing v. McAnnulty, (1902).
According to Texas and Fasken, judicial-review statutes
like the Hobbs Act and the APA did not displace pre-
existing nonstatutory ultra vires review. And they say that
they may assert ultra vires claims here. They contend that
the Commission's issuance of a license to ISP was ultra
vires because the Commission's licensing authority, in their
view, does not extend to private off-site facilities for the
storage of spent nuclear fuel.
This Court's leading case on post-APA ultra vires review
is Leedom v. Kyne, (1958). That case arose
from an improper agency certification of a collective
bargaining unit -- an interlocutory order not subject to
review under the judicial-review provisions of the APA or
the National Labor Relations Act. See id., at 185, 187. This
Court held that nonstatutory review was available because
the agency order at issue "was an attempted exercise of
power that had been specifically withheld," and the
agency's order violated a "specific prohibition" in the Act.
Id., at 188 -- 189.
Because ultra vires review could become an easy end-run
around the limitations of the Hobbs Act and other judicial-
review statutes, this Court's subsequent cases have strictly
limited nonstatutory ultra vires review to the
"painstakingly delineated procedural boundaries of Kyne."
Boire v. Greyhound Corp., (1964). "The
Kyne exception is a narrow one," and it does not apply
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

simply because an agency has arguably reached "a
conclusion which does not comport with the law." Ibid.
Rather, it applies only when an agency has taken action
entirely "in excess of its delegated powers and contrary to a
specific prohibition" in a statute. Railway Clerks v.
Association for Benefit of Noncontract Employees, (1965).
Ultra vires review is also unavailable if, as is usually the
case, a statutory review scheme provides aggrieved persons
"with a meaningful and adequate opportunity for judicial
review," or if a statutory review scheme forecloses all other
forms of judicial review. Board of Governors, FRS v. MCorp
Financial, Inc., (1991); see id., at 44.
Given all that, "a Leedom v. Kyne claim is essentially a
Hail Mary pass -- and in court as in football, the attempt
rarely succeeds." Nyunt v. Chairman, Broadcasting Bd. of
Governors, 589 F. 3d 445, 449 (CADC 2009).
For at least two reasons, Texas's and Fasken's ultra vires
claims under Leedom v. Kyne fall far short here.
First, Texas and Fasken basically dress up a typical
statutory-authority argument as an ultra vires claim. That
is a fairly common maneuver when a litigant tries to
squeeze its arguments into the Leedom v. Kyne box -- and is
in large part why those claims rarely succeed. Here, Texas
and Fasken contend that the Commission's general
authority to license storage of spent nuclear fuel does not
extend to the licensing of private off-site storage. In 2004,
the D. C. Circuit rejected that statutory argument. See
Bullcreek v. NRC, 359 F. 3d 536, 537 -- 538, 541 -- 543. Even
if one were to disagree with the D. C. Circuit's conclusion,
the statutory argument falls well shy of a meritorious
Leedom v. Kyne claim. See 358 U. S., at 189.
Second, and alternatively, ultra vires review is not
available because Texas and Fasken had an alternative
path to judicial review. Entities like Texas and Fasken who
seek to intervene are guaranteed judicial review of either
16 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

the Commission's denial of intervention or, if intervention
has been granted, the Commission's final order arising from
the licensing proceeding.
Also, Texas and Fasken's theory of ultra vires review
would lead to major anomalies. For example, the Fifth
Circuit purported to exercise original -- rather than
appellate -- jurisdiction over these ultra vires claims. But
as counsel for Fasken acknowledged at oral argument, no
precedent supports bringing an ultra vires claim in a court
of appeals in the first instance, rather than in a district
court. Tr. of Oral Arg. 76.
In addition, Fasken argues (and Texas does not dispute)
that the Hobbs Act's 60-day time limit for seeking judicial
review would apply even under its ultra vires theory. Brief
for Respondent Fasken 45. But Fasken does not explain
how it makes sense for an ultra vires claim to be limited by
the 60-day requirement yet not by the "party aggrieved"
requirement in the very same sentence of the Hobbs Act.
We need not further prolong the discussion. Texas and
Fasken may not maintain a nonstatutory ultra vires claim.
D
1
The dissent primarily focuses not on the threshold Hobbs
Act reviewability issue on which we rest our decision, but
rather on the ultimate merits question raised by Texas and
Fasken: Whether the Commission possessed statutory
authority to issue a license to ISP. According to the dissent,
that merits question is "not hard" because, in its view, the
Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 authorizes the storage of
spent fuel only at private on-site facilities or at federal
facilities -- but not at private off-site facilities. Post, at 9
(opinion of GORSUCH, J.).
Because Texas and Fasken have no right to judicial
review of the licensing proceeding, the Court today need not
and does not decide that statutory interpretation question.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

But we do briefly note, in response to the dissent's
narrative, that history and precedent offer significant
support for the Commission's longstanding interpretation.
Contrary to the dissent, the Commission for about 50 years
has read the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to authorize storage
of spent nuclear fuel at private off-site facilities. And this
Court in 1983 and several Courts of Appeals have similarly
interpreted the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to authorize
licenses for the storage of spent nuclear fuel. See Pacific
Gas & Elec. Co. v. State Energy Resources Conservation and
Development Comm'n, 217 (1983);
Bullcreek, 359 F. 3d, at 538 (collecting cases and stating
that "it has long been recognized that the AEA confers on
the NRC authority to license and regulate the storage and
disposal of" spent nuclear fuel).2
To spell it out some more: In 1980, the Commission
adopted regulations that interpreted the 1954 Atomic
Energy Act to authorize storage at private off-site facilities.
Those regulations established licensing procedures for
private on-site and off-site facilities. See 10 CFR pt. 72. In
adopting those regulations, the Commission made clear
that it was not claiming new authority, but instead was
codifying "certain existing regulatory practices and better
defin[ing] licensing requirements covering the storage of
spent fuel in" on-site and off-site facilities under the Atomic
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The dissent says that Pacific Gas "never decided that question" and

Bullcreek "had no occasion to resolve" it. Post, at 15. In Pacific Gas,
however, this Court noted that the Commission extensively regulates
spent fuel storage under the Atomic Energy Act, and the Court relied on
that fact in reasoning that "nuclear waste disposal" is a regulatory "field... occupied by the Federal Government." 461 U. S., at 219; see also id.,
at 217. And Bullcreek reaffirmed -- without relying on Chevron
deference -- that the Commission has "authority under the AEA to license
and regulate private use of private away-from-reactor spent fuel storage
facilities." 359 F. 3d, at 542; see also id., at 541 (disclaiming any reliance
on Chevron U. S. A. Inc. v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc., (1984)).
18 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

Energy Act. 45 Fed. Reg. 74693 (1980).
In the ensuing 45 years, the Commission's regulations
have continued to authorize storage of spent nuclear fuel,
including at private off-site facilities. And both before and
after the Commission's 1980 regulations, the Commission
has in fact licensed those facilities. For example, one such
facility, the GE Morris facility in Morris, Illinois, received a
license in 1971 and obtained a renewed license following
the 1980 regulations. See In re General Elec. Co., 22
N. R. C. 851, 853 -- 854 (1985). Today, there are about 10
privately owned storage sites where there are no active
nuclear reactors.
Importantly, in 1982 when enacting the heavily
negotiated Nuclear Waste Policy Act, Congress was of
course fully aware of the 1954 Atomic Energy Act and the
Commission's 1980 regulations authorizing private off-site
storage of spent nuclear fuel -- as well as the existence of
private off-site storage facilities like the GE Morris facility.
See S. Rep. No. 97 -- 282, pp. 44, 65 (1981); In re Private Fuel
Storage, LLC, 56 N. R. C. 390, 400 (2002) ("Members of
Congress clearly were well aware that 'other provisions of
law' authorized private AFR [away-from-reactor] storage
facilities, as the existence, and fate, of such facilities was
discussed in congressional committee debates").
In that 1982 Act, Congress did not disturb the
Commission's 1980 regulations or its practice of licensing
temporary private off-site facilities under the Atomic
Energy Act. In of that Act (which the dissent cites,
see post, at 3, 9), Congress set forth guidelines for
construing "this chapter" of the 1982 Act but did not speak
one way or another about the Commission's existing
licensing authority under the 1954 Act. 42 U. S. C.. Instead, in the 1982 Act, Congress primarily
focused on authorizing a permanent nuclear waste
repository that would exist for thousands of years.
When a license for a private off-site storage facility was
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

later challenged in the D. C. Circuit, that court upheld the
license and the Commission's 1980 regulations, finding
them to be consistent with the 1954 Atomic Energy Act and
the 1982 Act. Bullcreek, 359 F. 3d, at 537 -- 538, 541 -- 543.
The D. C. Circuit reasoned that courts, including the
Supreme Court, had "long... recognized" that the Atomic
Energy Act "confers on the NRC authority to license and
regulate the storage and disposal of such fuel," including at
private off-site facilities. Id., at 538. Then, after
considering the text and structure of the 1982 Act, the D. C.
Circuit further concluded that the 1982 Act's "text...
demonstrates that Congress did not intend to repeal or
supersede the NRC's authority under the AEA to license
and regulate private use of private away-from-reactor spent
fuel storage facilities." Id., at 542.
The dissent today first argues, however, that the
Commission never had authority under the 1954 Atomic
Energy Act to license on-site or off-site storage facilities.
See post, at 10 -- 13. But this Court has already rejected that
interpretation of the Act. See PG&E, 461 U. S., at 207, 217;
see also Bullcreek, 359 F. 3d, at 538.
And the dissent's theory that the Atomic Energy Act does
not authorize storage of spent nuclear fuel anywhere would
have extraordinary consequences. As was pointed out at
oral argument, if that interpretation were correct, then it
also would necessarily mean that private off-site facilities
actually do not need a license to store spent nuclear fuel in
the first place. (That is because, if spent nuclear fuel is not
covered by the 1954 Act, then it follows that the Act does
not prohibit its possession or use.) If that were the case,
petitioner ISP could build the West Texas facility without
even bothering to seek a license from the Commission.
Although ISP might benefit somewhat from such a novel
reading, it forthrightly stated at oral argument that "that's
not a credible interpretation of the Atomic Energy Act." Tr.
20 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

of Oral Arg. 43.3
Regardless of the scope of the 1954 Atomic Energy Act,
the dissent next says that the 1982 Act restricted storage of
spent nuclear fuel to on-site and federal facilities. But as
the D. C. Circuit explained in Bullcreek, the 1982 Act
carefully avoided denying or repealing the Commission's
authority to license private off-site facilities. See 359 F. 3d,
at 542. On that issue, the 1982 Act left the law where it
was -- namely with the 1954 Atomic Energy Act and the
1980 Commission regulations authorizing licensing of
private off-site storage facilities. See ibid.
In short, the 1982 Act did not withdraw or displace the
Commission's authority under the Atomic Energy Act (and
the 1980 regulations) to authorize private off-site storage.
On the contrary, the 1982 Act preserved pre-existing law on
that issue. Simply put, the dissent seems to underread the
1954 Atomic Energy Act and to overread the 1982 Act.
Given all of that, it is perhaps no surprise that neither
Fasken's intervention petition to the Commission nor
Texas's comments to the Commission questioned the
Commission's statutory authority to license private off-site
storage of spent nuclear fuel. They raised other issues, but
they did not question the Commission's statutory authority
to issue a license for private off-site storage.
To be clear, because Texas and Fasken's claims are not
judicially reviewable, we need not and do not decide the
ultimate question of statutory authority that the dissent
focuses on. So that there is no confusion, however, we
underscore that in resting on the threshold reviewability
issue, we are not somehow assuming or buying into a
premise that the Commission is wrong on the underlying
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The dissent responds that the 1982 Act "addressed spent nuclear fuel

directly, and that statute authorizes its storage in only two locations."
Post, at 16. But the 1982 Act in relevant part simply grants the
Commission authority additional to the 1954 Act to authorize storage of
spent nuclear fuel. See.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of the Court

merits. The dissent's description of an agency that is
flagrantly violating its governing statutes seems to be in
substantial tension with about 50 years of consistent
congressional action, agency practice, and judicial
interpretation.
2
When it turns to the Hobbs Act reviewability question on
which our decision rests, the dissent's analysis is
unpersuasive, in our respectful view.
Under the Hobbs Act, as we have explained and the
dissent acknowledges, Texas and Fasken may obtain
judicial review of the licensing decision only if they were
parties to the Commission's licensing proceeding. See post,
at 18. The Atomic Energy Act -- in particular, 42 U. S. C.
-- prescribes how one becomes a party to a
Commission licensing proceeding. Under, to be a
party, one must either be the license applicant or be
admitted by the Commission as a party (that is, be granted
intervention).
The dissent claims that is not the exclusive way to
become a "party" to a Commission licensing proceeding.
See post, at 20. We disagree. Section 2239 provides that
"[i]n any proceeding" for granting a license, "the
Commission shall grant a hearing upon the request of any
person whose interest may be affected by the proceeding,
and shall admit any such person as a party to such
proceeding." (1)(A). As the
dissent seems to acknowledge, when uses the word
"proceeding" rather than "hearing," it refers to the
Commission's "overall licensing proceeding" -- not merely
one subpart of that proceeding. Post, at 20. And 
specifies intervention as the mechanism for a person other
than the license applicant to become "a party to such
proceeding" -- that is, to the Commission's overall licensing
proceeding. For that person or entity to qualify as a party,
22 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

the Commission must admit that person or entity as a
party.4
Section 2239 is thus the exclusive path to party status in
Commission licensing proceedings. To be a party, one must
be admitted by the Commission as a party. As we noted
above, the Commission applied its regulations
implementing and denied Fasken intervention.
Importantly, if a person or entity believes that the
Commission wrongly denied it intervention, then it may
obtain judicial review of the intervention decision. Here,
Fasken obtained such judicial review in the D. C. Circuit,
but lost. It cannot get a second bite at the apple on
intervention in this litigation.
The dissent responds that the Commission's intervention
regulations misinterpret and set too high a bar for
intervention. See post, at 22. The D. C. Circuit rejected
that argument 35 years ago in Union of Concerned
Scientists. See 920 F. 2d, at 51 -- 56. And in any event, we
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Even if were not the exclusive path to party status in

Commission licensing proceedings, Texas and Fasken would still not be
parties under the Hobbs Act. The dissent suggests that Texas and
Fasken could achieve party status for purposes of the Hobbs Act merely
by commenting on the Commission's draft EIS. See post, at 18 -- 19. That
contention -- that every interested commenter in an agency adjudication
is a party for purposes of the Hobbs Act -- is, as best as we can tell,
unprecedented. See supra, at 10 -- 11. The dissent points to no authority
suggesting that a person who is not involved in an agency adjudication
can bootstrap his way under the Hobbs Act into plenary judicial review
of the legality of that adjudication merely by commenting on a related
EIS. Rather, Courts of Appeals have long held that litigants cannot use
collateral environmental claims to evade the limits on judicial review
imposed by an exclusive judicial-review provision like the Hobbs Act.
See, e.g., Center for Biological Diversity v. EPA, 861 F. 3d 174, 186
(CADC 2017); American Bird Conservancy v. FCC, 545 F. 3d 1190, 1194 -- 
1195 (CA9 2008). In these Commission proceedings, a person or entity
who comments on the EIS can petition to intervene, and if denied
intervention, may appeal that denial -- as Fasken did to the D. C. Circuit,
where it did not prevail. But commenting on an EIS in an adjudication
does not automatically make one a party under the Hobbs Act.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

Opinion of the Court

need not delve into that question here because, to reiterate,
Fasken had an opportunity to raise that argument to the
D. C. Circuit when it challenged the Commission's denial of
intervention. But Fasken, though it appealed to the D. C.
Circuit, did not even raise that argument in that court.
Rather, it argued that it should have been admitted under
the Commission's existing intervention regulations.
Fasken did not prevail in the D. C. Circuit on that
intervention argument. See Don't Waste Mich. v. NRC,
2023 WL 395030. And it did not seek either en banc review
or certiorari. Having lost in the D. C. Circuit, Fasken
cannot collaterally attack that decision here, as we have
explained. See supra, at 12 -- 13. (For its part, Texas did not
even try to intervene in the Commission's licensing
proceeding.)
The dissent exudes a sense that Texas and Fasken have
been treated unfairly. But the dissent wants to give Texas
and Fasken a second or third bite at the apple on the
intervention issue. To review: Texas and Fasken had
ample opportunity to present their views on the proposed
storage site to the Commission. They did so. And they had
the opportunity to try to intervene before the Commission
and become a party -- and after being denied, to raise their
arguments for intervention on appeal to the D. C. Circuit,
and if unsuccessful there, to this Court. They did not
prevail (or did not try) in those forums. And having not
secured intervention, they were not parties to the licensing
proceeding under -- and therefore under the Hobbs
Act cannot obtain judicial review of the licensing decision
in this litigation.
* * *
Texas and Fasken were not parties to the Commission's
licensing proceeding and are not entitled to obtain judicial
review of the Commission's licensing decision. We reverse
the judgment of the Court of Appeals and remand the cases
24 NRC v. TEXAS

Opinion of the Court

with instructions to deny or dismiss the petitions for
review.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 23 -- 1300 and 23 -- 1312
_________________

NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION, ET AL.,
PETITIONERS
23 -- 1300 v.
TEXAS, ET AL.

INTERIM STORAGE PARTNERS, LLC, PETITIONER
23 -- 1312 v.
TEXAS, ET AL.
ON WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[June 18, 2025]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS and
JUSTICE ALITO join, dissenting.
By law, spent nuclear fuel may be stored on an interim
basis in only two places: at a nuclear reactor or a federally
owned facility. Disregarding those instructions, the Nu-
clear Regulatory Commission (NRC) issued an interim stor-
age license to a private company, Interim Storage Partners,
LLC (ISP), allowing it to store thousands of tons of spent
nuclear fuel on its private property in Texas, hundreds of
miles from the nearest reactor. The agency's decision was
unlawful.
Still, the Court says, there is nothing we can do about it.
Why? Because neither of the respondents before us is a
"party aggrieved" by the agency's decision. Yes, the re-
spondents are the State of Texas and Fasken Land and
Minerals, Ltd., a landowner with property near the pro-
posed facility. And, yes, they are "aggrieved" by the NRC's
2 NRC v. TEXAS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

decision. Radioactive waste poses risks to the State, its cit-
izens, its lands, air, and waters, and it poses dangers as well
to a neighbor and its employees. But, the Court insists, the
agency never admitted Texas or Fasken as "parties" in a
hearing it held before issuing ISP's license -- and that's the
rub. Maybe the agency's internal rules governing who can
participate in its hearing are highly restrictive. Maybe
those rules are themselves unlawful. But, the Court rea-
sons, its hands are tied: The agency did not admit Texas or
Fasken as parties in its hearing, and that is that.
I cannot agree. Both Texas and Fasken participated ac-
tively in other aspects of the NRC's licensing proceeding.
No more is required for them to qualify as "parties ag-
grieved" by the NRC's licensing decision. Both are entitled
to their day in court -- and both are entitled to prevail.
I
A
At the dawn of the atomic age, few worried about where
to store spent nuclear fuel. The "prevailing expectation"
was that it would be reprocessed and reused. Brief for Fed-
eral Petitioners 3 ). Perhaps for that rea-
son, Congress's first piece of major legislation regulating
the nuclear power industry, the Atomic Energy Act of 1954
(AEA), 68 Stat. 919, did not address the storage of spent
nuclear fuel. In fact, the AEA didn't mention spent nuclear
fuel at all. The statute spoke about nearly everything
else -- from the construction of commercial nuclear reactors
to their ownership and operation -- but not spent nuclear
fuel or its storage. Pacific Gas & Elec. Co. v. State Energy
Resources Conservation and Development Comm'n, -- 207 (1983).
By the 1970s, things looked very different. Spent nuclear
fuel was piling up, and there was nowhere to put it. The
reprocessing industry had "collapsed." Idaho, 945 F. 2d, at
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

298. Those developments presented the Nation with an
acute problem. Spent nuclear fuel is "radioactive, explo-
sive, and highly volatile," and it can remain so for thou-
sands of years. Brief for State of Idaho as Amicus Curiae 7.
It can poison people and animals, render land and water
unusable, and, should it fall into the wrong hands, it can be
weaponized. See id., at 8.
In 1982, Congress reentered the picture to address the
problem, passing a new law appropriately named the Nu-
clear Waste Policy Act (NWPA), 96 Stat. 2201, 42 U. S. C.
et seq. In it, Congress tasked the Department of En-
ergy with selecting a permanent federally owned repository
for spent nuclear fuel. See, 10134. In the mean-
time, the NWPA authorized the "interim" storage of spent
nuclear fuel in two -- and only two -- places. Spent fuel, Con-
gress said, could be stored either "at the site of each civilian
nuclear reactor" or at "facilities owned by the Federal Gov-
ernment.". In case those instructions left any
room for doubt, Congress added that "nothing" in its new
law "shall be construed to encourage [or] authorize" storage
at offsite, private facilities..
Eventually, the Department of Energy selected Yucca
Mountain in Nevada to serve as the permanent repository
for spent nuclear fuel. And, in 1987, Congress amended the
NWPA to endorse that choice, directing that Yucca Moun-
tain should begin operations no later than January 31,
1998. See 101 Stat. 1330 -- 227 to 1330 -- 228, 42 U. S. C.. Despite that mandate, and "more than $15 billion"
spent on the project, the Yucca Mountain repository re-
mains today more a dream than a reality. App. 2; see Na-
tional Assn. of Regulatory Util. Comm'rs v. United States
Dept. of Energy, 680 F. 3d 819, 821 (CADC 2012).
That leaves the question what to do. Spent fuel must be
stored somewhere. And, until recently, that somewhere has
usually been where Congress directed -- at reactors or fed-
erally owned facilities. Now, however, the NRC and ISP
4 NRC v. TEXAS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

seek to experiment with a different solution.
In 2016, ISP's predecessor applied for a license to build
and maintain an aboveground storage facility for at least
5,000 metric tons of spent nuclear fuel in Andrews County,
Texas. App. 12. By way of reference, that is more than the
amount of spent fuel currently stored at any other site in
the country. Brief for Respondent Fasken 9. And ISP's
plans include the possibility of storing much more on its
land -- up to 40,000 metric tons of spent fuel in all. 78 F.
4th 827, 843 (CA5 2023).
ISP's proposed site lies in the Permian Basin, an area
about 250 miles wide and 300 miles long in western Texas
and eastern New Mexico. App. 64 -- 65. That area is "the
largest producing oilfield in the world." Id., at 118. It also
includes aquifers that provide water to "dozens of counties
in Texas and New Mexico." Brief for Respondent Fasken 8.
While storing so much spent fuel on private land controlled
by a private company poses serious risks, transporting the
waste there will be tricky, too. The company's property lies
more than 300 miles from the nearest nuclear power plant,
and more than 1,000 miles from most other reactors. Id.,
at 9.
Despite those risks, and despite the NWPA's mandate
that spent nuclear fuel must be stored at reactors or feder-
ally owned sites, the NRC launched an administrative pro-
ceeding to consider ISP's request. And, at the end of it all,
the agency issued a license to ISP authorizing it to store
spent fuel at its site for 40 years. In doing so, the agency
left open the possibility it might choose to extend that term
even further. App. to Pet. for Cert. 53a -- 59a; App. 175.
B
Slogging through the steps the agency took between re-
ceiving ISP's application in 2016 and rendering a final de-
cision approving the license in 2021 makes for less than
easy reading. But those steps matter because of the way
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

the Court chooses to dispose of this case, so bear with me.
After receiving ISP's application and before it could issue
any sort of license, the NRC acknowledges, it had to under-
take a number of tasks. So, for example, it had to complete
a "safety review to determine [the applicant's] compliance
with NRC's regulations." 81 Fed. Reg. 79532 (2016). In
that review, NRC staff examined the conditions of the pro-
posed site, ISP's proposed operating systems, and the de-
sign of its proposed structures (among many other things).
See NRC, Final Safety Evaluation Report for Specific Ma-
terials License No. SNM -- 2515 (Sept. 2021), pp. ii -- xiii. The
agency's final safety evaluation report was 366 pages long.
See ibid.
But that "safety review" was just one piece of the puzzle.
As the agency saw it, it also had to complete other tasks
before issuing a license. Two are especially relevant here.
One is what the agency called an "environmental review."
See, e.g., 81 Fed. Reg. 79532. The other is a hearing pro-
vided for by 42 U. S. C..
Start with the environmental review. The NRC said it
could not issue a license without certifying that it had com-
pleted an environmental impact statement (EIS) that as-
sessed "the potential environmental impacts of the pro-
posed" license and weighed alternatives, including the
possibility of "no-action." 81 Fed. Reg. 79532, 79533. To
discharge that responsibility, the agency had to prepare a
draft EIS, publish it, accept public comments, and provide
a reasoned decision for any conclusions it reached. Brief for
Federal Petitioners 27 ; see also 81 Fed.
Reg. 79532; 10 CFR pt. 51 (2024).
After the agency published its draft EIS for public com-
ment, Texas answered the call. Writing on behalf of the
State, Governor Greg Abbott warned that storing spent fuel
on "a concrete pad" in an oilfield containing more than 40%
of America's proven oil reserves would be "dangerous." App.
6 NRC v. TEXAS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

118. He expressed concern that an accident or an act of ter-
rorism could harm "the entire country." Id., at 122. For all
these reasons and more, he asked the NRC to "deny ISP's
license application." Id., at 121 -- 122. The Texas Commis-
sion on Environmental Quality also provided comments ex-
pressing concern that, by authorizing private "interim"
storage for 40 years (and perhaps longer) without address-
ing what should happen next, the NRC was effectively ig-
noring Congress's directive that Yucca Mountain should be-
come the Nation's permanent repository for spent nuclear
fuel. Id., at 206.
Fasken offered comments, too. Fasken owns hundreds of
thousands of acres in the Permian Basin, where it grazes
cattle and operates oil and gas wells. Brief for Respondent
Fasken 9. In its comments, the company highlighted what,
in its view, constituted "systemic regulatory failures in mul-
tiple areas of the" draft EIS. App. 126; see id., at 123 -- 168.
Fasken also warned of threats "to the environment of West
Texas and the Permian Basin" presented by ISP's plans.
Id., at 186.
When it published its final EIS, the agency explained
that it was doing so "as part of the NRC's process to decide
whether to issue a license to ISP." 86 Fed. Reg. 43278
(2021). Like the safety report, the final EIS was volumi-
nous -- 684 pages in total, with 173 of those dedicated to
summarizing and responding to comments from the public.1
The EIS specifically addressed Texas's and Fasken's com-
ments.2 And, after responding to those and other comments
and weighing various alternatives, the agency concluded
with a "recommendation to issue" a license to ISP. Id., at
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See NRC, Environmental Impact Statement for Interim Storage Part-

ners LLC's License Application for a Consolidated Interim Storage Fa-
cility for Spent Nuclear Fuel in Andrews County, Texas, Final Report,
App. D (NUREG -- 2239, July 2021).
2 See id., at D -- 21, D -- 24, D -- 25, D -- 29, D -- 34, D -- 37, D -- 49, D -- 91, D -- 93,

D -- 95, D -- 97, D -- 100, D -- 150, D -- 153, D -- 159, D -- 162.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

51927.
Turn now to the other task the agency said it had to com-
plete: the hearing. "[U]pon the request of any person
whose interest may be affected by the [licensing] proceed-
ing," that statute provides, the agency "shall grant a hear-
ing" and "shall admit any such person as a party to such
proceeding." (1)(A). To comply with that mandate,
the NRC published a notice in the Federal Register inviting
"any persons... whose interest may be affected" by ISP's
license to "file a request for a hearing and petition for leave
to intervene." 83 Fed. Reg. 44071 (2018).
Fasken sought to take advantage of this opportunity as
well. In response to the Federal Register notice, it submit-
ted two filings: A motion to dismiss and a petition for hear-
ing. See In re Interim Storage Partners, LLC, 90 N. R. C.
31, 43 -- 44 (2019). But instead of granting Fasken a hearing,
the agency invoked its own internal rules to keep the com-
pany out of that process. As the agency saw it, Fasken had
failed to meet its standards for "intervention" and had
failed to advance any "admissible contention" under its
rules. Id., at 38, 52 -- 54, 109 -- 118; see also 10 CFR.309(f ).
Nor was Fasken singled out for this treatment. While the
agency allowed its own staff and ISP to be heard, it effec-
tively "denied all third-party participation." Brief for Pa-
cific Legal Foundation as Amicus Curiae 6. Fasken went back and forth with the agency sev-
eral times, appealing unfavorable rulings and filing new
motions, but the agency rebuffed all of its many efforts to
participate. See In re Interim Storage Partners, LLC, 92
N. R. C. 463, 489 (2020); In re Interim Storage Partners,
LLC, 93 N. R. C. 244 (2021).
Eventually, Fasken went to court to challenge the
agency's various decisions preventing it from obtaining a
hearing under. So did others in Fasken's shoes. The
D. C. Circuit consolidated those challenges into one pro-
8 NRC v. TEXAS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

ceeding and dispatched them all in a short, unpublished or-
der. Don't Waste Michigan v. NRC, No. 21 -- 1048 (Jan. 25,
2023) (per curiam). In the only paragraph dedicated to
Fasken's petition, the court concluded that the NRC had
properly denied Fasken's "motion to admit a new contention
and its motion to reopen the record." Id., at 4.
More than five years after the NRC began the work re-
quired to pass on ISP's application -- including its safety re-
view, environmental review, and the hearing -- the
agency published a final decision approving ISP's license.
See 86 Fed. Reg. 51927. The license itself consisted of a
self-described "package" of materials. See id., at 51928 (ref-
erencing "Materials License for ISP, dated September 13,
2021... (Package)").
That package included a preamble in which the agency
recited the various findings necessary to issue the license.
App. 284; cf. id., at 277. Among those findings was a con-
clusion that "issuance of this license is in accord with 10
CFR Part 51... and all applicable requirements [of that
Part] have been satisfied." Id., at 286. Translation: The
NRC had completed a final EIS. See 10 CFR.91. Con-
sistent with its regulations, the agency's final license pack-
age also contained a "concise public record of decision" sup-
porting its environmental findings..102(a); see App.
288 -- 298. That document described the agency's findings in
its final EIS, including its recommendation that "the pro-
posed license [should] be issued to ISP." Id., at 288. The
record of decision also "incorporate[d] by reference the ma-
terials contained in" the final EIS itself. Id., at 289; see 10
CFR.103(c).
After the agency issued its decision, Texas and Fasken
petitioned the Fifth Circuit for review, arguing that the
NRC lacked legal authority to license ISP's facility. That
court agreed with Texas and Fasken and vacated the NRC's
decision. 78 F. 4th, at 844. The agency and ISP then sought
review of the Fifth Circuit's decision, and we agreed to take
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

the cases. 603 U. S. ___ (2024).
II
With that background in mind, turn first to the question
whether the NRC may license a private company to store
spent nuclear fuel, not at a reactor or on federal land, but
on its own private property. This "interim" license runs for
40 years -- subject to renewal. Can the agency lawfully is-
sue such a license?
A
The answer is not hard to come by. The NWPA author-
izes only two places where spent nuclear fuel may be stored
on an "interim" basis -- at reactor sites or on federal prop-
erty. See 42 U. S. C. -- 10157. When it comes to that
direction, Congress was clear as it could be, adding that
"nothing in [the NWPA] shall be construed to encourage [or]
authorize" storage at any "facility located away from the
site of any civilian nuclear power reactor and not owned by
the Federal Government.".
Given Congress's emphatic instructions, how did the
NRC come to the view that it possesses authority to do what
the NWPA forbids? It's a convoluted story. Before the
NWPA's adoption in 1982, the agency observes, the AEA
represented Congress's primary legislation in the field of ci-
vilian nuclear power. And, the agency says, it issued regu-
lations pursuant to that statute in 1980 contemplating li-
censes like ISP's. See 45 Fed. Reg. 74693; Brief for Federal
Petitioners 4. Congress, the agency continues, must have
been aware of those regulations when it adopted the NWPA
in 1982. So, the agency reasons, Congress cannot have
meant for its new legislation to disturb them. See id., at
30 -- 48; Brief for Petitioner ISP 29 -- 42. As a result, the NRC
says, it was entitled to rely on those regulations to issue
ISP's license.
That argument is unpersuasive. Agencies are creatures
10 NRC v. TEXAS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

of statute, and they have no authority to dispense licenses
except as Congress provides. See West Virginia v. EPA, (2022). And nothing in the AEA authorizes
the NRC to license the storage of spent nuclear fuel at pri-
vate, offsite facilities like ISP's. Just recall: At the time of
the AEA's enactment in 1954, most assumed that spent nu-
clear fuel would be reprocessed and reused, not stored for
millennia. See Part I -- A, supra. Reflecting that assump-
tion, the AEA did not even mention spent nuclear fuel, let
alone address its storage. Ibid. Congress first provided for
the storage of spent nuclear fuel only in 1982, with the
adoption of the NWPA. And that statute forbids, not au-
thorizes, licenses like ISP's.
In the past, the NRC itself has acknowledged as much.
In 1978, the agency's chairman recognized that the AEA did
"not explicitly authorize the regulation of radioactive waste
facilities." NRC, Regulation of Federal Radioactive Waste
Activities, p. G -- 9 (NUREG -- 0527, Sept. 1979); see also Brief
for Respondent Fasken 3. And in the same 1980 regula-
tions the NRC now seeks to rely upon to issue a license to
ISP, the agency conceded that the need for a place to store
"spent fuel... for a number of years" became apparent only
"[f]ollowing the President's deferral of reprocessing of spent
fuel in April 1977." 45 Fed. Reg. 74693.
B
To be sure, the NRC (now) has a theory why the AEA au-
thorizes it to issue regulations regarding the storage of
spent nuclear fuel and grant licenses like ISP's. The agency
points to three provisions of the AEA that allow it to issue
licenses to entities seeking to "possess... special nuclear
material,", "distribute source material,",
or "use byproduct material,". And, the agency sub-
mits, if you cobble together "special," "source," and "by-
product" material, you wind up with spent nuclear fuel. See
Brief for Federal Petitioners 31 -- 32. So while the AEA may
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

not contain a single provision addressing the storage of
spent nuclear fuel, the agency insists, taken collectively
these three provisions effectively authorize it to issue regu-
lations and licenses regarding the storage of spent nuclear
fuel. Ibid.
The agency's theory may get marks for creativity, but it
fails for at least three independent reasons.
First, it's hard to see how the power to license the use of
"special," "source," and "byproduct" material amounts to a
power to license the storage of spent nuclear fuel. In brief-
ing before us, even the agency admits that spent fuel "is a
substance different from any one of its constituent parts,"
Reply Brief for Federal Petitioners 13,. And Congress
itself has defined those terms very differently. Under the
NWPA, spent nuclear fuel must "ha[ve] been withdrawn
from a nuclear reactor following irradiation" and must not
have undergone "reprocessing.". Meanwhile,
the AEA's detailed definitions of special, source, and by-
product materials include neither of these requirements.
See, (z), (aa).
Elsewhere, too, Congress has distinguished spent nuclear
fuel from special, source, and byproduct materials. While
the AEA as enacted in 1954 said nothing about "spent nu-
clear fuel," in 1988 Congress amended that law to incorpo-
rate the NWPA's definition of the term. See 102 Stat. 1069.
So, today, the AEA authorizes the NRC to ensure that cer-
tain "byproduct materials, source materials, special nuclear
materials, [and] spent nuclear fuel" transferred in the
United States are done so in a specific manner.. If the agency were right, and spent nu-
clear fuel really is just the sum of special, source, and by-
product materials, Congress's inclusion of the phrase "spent
nuclear fuel" would have been meaningless. And we do not
usually presume that Congress takes the trouble to amend
its laws to add words and phrases that perform no work.
See Duncan v. Walker, (2001); A. Scalia
12 NRC v. TEXAS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

& B. Garner, Reading Law 174 -- 179 (2012).
If more evidence were needed, the 1980 regulations on
which the NRC now seeks to rely would provide it. There,
the agency explained its view that "[s]pent fuel includes the
special nuclear material, byproduct material, source mate-
rial, and other radioactive materials associated with fuel as-
semblies." 45 Fed. Reg. 74700 -- 74701.
Even in the 1980 regulations the agency invokes to justify
ISP's license, then, the agency itself admitted that spent
nuclear fuel includes materials besides special, source, and
byproduct materials. The agency cannot have it both ways.
Second, the AEA authorizes the NRC to license the use of
special, source, and byproduct materials only for very spe-
cific purposes -- and storage is not among them. So, for ex-
ample, the AEA says that the agency may grant licenses for
the possession of "special nuclear material" for activities
like "research and development," "medical therapy," and in-
dustrial or commercial purposes. (1) -- (3); see. The provisions speaking to "source material" and
"byproduct material" contain similar lists of approved uses.
See, 2111(a). None of those lists discusses stor-
age as an approved use.
The agency admits that the AEA does not expressly au-
thorize it to issue licenses for storage. See Brief for Federal
Petitioners 32 -- 34. But, it replies, the statute does so im-
plicitly. For support, the agency points to the fact that the
provisions discussing "special," "source," and "byproduct"
material each contain a "catchall." Ibid. So, for example,
authorizes the agency to license the possession of
"special nuclear material" not just for medical research and
the like, but also for "such other uses as the Commission
determines to be appropriate to carry out the purposes of
this chapter." And, the agency says, it has determined it
"appropriate" to issue licenses for the "interim" storage of
spent fuel to private companies like ISP. See id., at 32.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

That hardly works. As this Court has repeatedly recog-
nized, a catchall "at the end of a list of specific items is typ-
ically controlled and defined by reference to the specific
classes that precede it." Fischer v. United States, (2024) (internal quotation marks and ellipses
omitted); accord, Yates v. United States, 
(2015) (plurality opinion). So, the catchalls before us cannot
be read as permission to the NRC to go forth and do good.
Instead, they must be read in light of, and consistently
with, the lists that precede them. And here, all of the activ-
ities listed in, and involve the affirma-
tive, productive use of the materials in question -- not their
passive storage.
Third, even assuming (against all the evidence) that the
AEA once might have implicitly authorized the NRC to
grant licenses like the one at issue here, it cannot be fairly
read to do so after Congress adopted the NWPA in 1982. If
the AEA spoke at all to the storage of spent nuclear fuel, it
did so elliptically and without offering any specifics about
what sort of storage might be appropriate. The NWPA, by
contrast, speaks directly to spent nuclear fuel and the ques-
tion of its storage. In doing so, that law makes plain that
only two kinds of "interim" storage sites are permissible.
And knowing that much is enough to know that the NWPA
must govern, for it is a "familiar" rule of statutory construc-
tion "that a specific statute controls over a general one."
Bulova Watch Co. v. United States, 
(1961) ; accord, Morton
v. Mancari, -- 551 (1974); contra, ante, at
20, (mistakenly suggesting in dicta that the NWPA
"simply grant[ed]" the NRC "additional" authority).
Really, any other conclusion would make a mockery of
Congress's work in the NWPA and risk rendering it a dead
letter. What was the point of legislation specifying two and
only two appropriate sites for the interim storage of spent
fuel if the NRC possesses the power to authorize interim
14 NRC v. TEXAS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

storage wherever it thinks best? And what was the point of
Congress later amending the NWPA to authorize one and
only one permanent storage site if nothing prevents the
NRC from issuing 40-year "interim" licenses and renewing
them indefinitely? If there are answers to those questions,
the agency has not supplied them.
In short, Texas and Fasken are right. The law does not
permit the NRC to license private companies to store spent
nuclear fuel at private, away-from-reactor facilities. The
NWPA expressly prohibits that course. And cobbled-to-
gether terms addressing other matters in the AEA cannot
be repurposed to authorize what the NWPA forbids. Should
Congress choose, it could grant the agency the power it
seeks. But there are obvious and grave risks associated
with transporting highly radioactive material across the
country and entrusting it to a private company operating
on private property. And it belongs to Congress, not the
agency, to assess those risks in the first instance.
C
Despite insisting that we lack jurisdiction to reach the
merits of Texas's and Fasken's claim, the Court proceeds to
devote a healthy section of its opinion to the merits anyway.
See Part II -- D -- 1, ante. That is surely a curious choice, for
anything the Court might say about the merits of a case
over which it lacks jurisdiction is pure dicta. Cf. Steel Co.
v. Citizens for Better Environment, -- 95
(1998). Maybe worse, the Court's dicta is simply wrong.
The Court argues that the NRC's decision to issue a license
to ISP is justified by "history and precedent." Ante, at 17.
Yet neither the Court's (revisionist) history nor its (irrele-
vant) precedent can imbue the NRC with novel authority
that appears nowhere in any statute.
Take precedent first. According to the Court, we and oth-
ers have "interpreted the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 to au-
thorize licenses for the storage of spent nuclear fuel." Ibid.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

In truth, this Court has never decided that question. Our
decision in Pacific Gas simply acknowledged that the NRC
in 1980 "promulgated detailed regulations governing stor-
age and disposal away from the reactor" -- an undisputed
fact about regulations no one had challenged -- along the
way to holding that neither the AEA nor those regulations
pre-empted a California statute pausing in-state construc-
tion of new nuclear plants until more spent-fuel storage be-
came available. 416 U. S., at 217, 219. As for the lower
courts, the best the Court can muster is a D. C. Circuit case
that had no occasion to resolve whether the AEA authorizes
the NRC to license private, offsite storage, for the parties
there "conceded [that] the NRC " had just such "authority"
under the 1954 statute. See Bullcreek v. NRC, 359 F. 3d
536, 542 (2004).
History doesn't get the Court any further. As the Court
sees it, the NRC must have the power to issue licenses to
facilities like ISP's because it has done so in the past. But
no agency can exercise power without lawful authority, and
repeating a wrong does not make it right. Notice, too, what
the Court has to say about the agency's past practices:
"[T]here are about 10 privately owned storage sites where
there are no active nuclear reactors." Ante, at 18. That
careful phrasing obscures that none of those facilities is an-
ything like ISP's. Eight facilities seemingly included in the
Court's count are not "offsite" storage sites at all, but "pri-
vately owned nuclear reactor sites that have ceased... re-
actor operations." Brief for Federal Petitioners 6. Mean-
while, the GE Morris facility was initially built to serve as
a reprocessing facility and only became a storage facility by
default after reprocessing collapsed. See Brief for Don't
Waste Michigan et al. as Amici Curiae 12. That leaves just
one example where it appears the NRC has invoked its 1980
regulations to license a private, offsite storage facility -- and
that facility "was never built." See Tr. of Oral Arg. 81. I
struggle to see in any of this the "significant support" the
16 NRC v. TEXAS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Court claims for what the agency did here. Ante, at 17.
One other aspect of the Court's merits analysis warrants
mention. In the Court's view, if the AEA did not authorize
the NRC to issue a license to ISP, that would mean private
individuals and companies could store spent nuclear fuel
anywhere and do so without a license. See ante, at 19. That
conclusion does not follow for at least two reasons. First, as
we have seen, in 1982 the NWPA addressed spent nuclear
fuel directly, and that statute authorizes its storage in only
two locations. Second, even before the NWPA, when most
thought spent nuclear fuel would be reprocessed, the AEA
was not blind to the fact that nuclear reactors would gener-
ate spent fuel, nor did the AEA tolerate its storage by any-
one "anywhere."
To the contrary, the AEA authorized the NRC to license
reactor facilities only so long as they could be operated
safely. See, e.g., 68 Stat. 936 -- 937. Before issuing a license
consistent with that mandate, the NRC understood, it had
to determine that a reactor facility could safely store spent
fuel on an interim basis. See, e.g., 42 Fed. Reg. 34391 (1977)
("As part of the licensing process for an individual power
reactor facility, the Commission does review the facility in
question in order to assure that the design provides for safe
methods for interim storage of spent nuclear fuel"). Indeed,
we are told that, for safety reasons, spent fuel usually must
be stored onsite for "at least five years." Tr. of Oral Arg.
105. It follows, then, that under the AEA, the operator of a
licensed reactor would have been authorized (and in fact re-
quired) to keep spent fuel onsite after removing it from a
reactor. See id., at 97. It does not follow that the AEA per-
mitted other parties, without a license, to take spent nu-
clear fuel offsite and do with it what they pleased.
III
Without any persuasive argument on the merits, the
NRC urges the Court to dismiss Texas's and Fasken's
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

claims on jurisdictional grounds. Ultimately, the Court
does just that and thus paves the way for the agency to is-
sue its misbegotten license. As the Court sees it, Texas and
Fasken cannot challenge the NRC's decision in court be-
cause they failed to jump through the right hoops before the
agency.
The Court's reasoning follows this path: Texas and
Fasken seek judicial review under the Hobbs Act. That
statute permits "[a]ny party aggrieved by [an agency's] final
order [to] file a petition to review the order in the court of
appeals wherein venue lies." 28 U. S. C.. And, in the
Court's estimation, neither Texas nor Fasken qualifies as a
"party aggrieved" by the NRC's decision. Ante, at 7.
In reaching that conclusion, the Court does not (and can-
not) question that Texas and Fasken have much at stake.
ISP's plan to store radioactive waste in the Permian Basin
threatens harm to their citizens and employees, poses risks
to their lands, air, and waters, and will diminish the value
of Fasken's property. See Part I -- B, supra. Even the NRC
has acknowledged that Fasken's interests might be affected
by ISP's license, 90 N. R. C., at 51 -- 52, and the agency does
not dispute that the same holds true for Texas. Doubtless,
Texas and Fasken are "aggrieved."
Still, the Court reasons, neither Texas nor Fasken are
"parties" aggrieved by the NRC's decision to issue ISP's li-
cense. Ante, at 8. The agency may have solicited public
comments in its environmental review. Texas and Fasken
may have supplied comments. The agency may have ac-
cepted those comments and considered them before issuing
its environmental review findings and final EIS that them-
selves form part of ISP's license. And, without question,
Fasken struggled mightily to participate in the hearing the
agency conducted under. But the NRC managed to
keep the company out of that particular portion of its licens-
ing proceeding. And that, the Court concludes, is enough to
prevent both Texas and Fasken from lodging any complaint
18 NRC v. TEXAS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

in court about the agency's work.
A
I see things differently. Lower courts have often assumed
the phrase "party aggrieved" in the Hobbs Act requires
those seeking relief from an agency's "final order" in court
to have been "parties to any proceedings before the agency
preliminary to issuance of " the challenged order. Simmons
v. ICC, 716 F. 2d 40, 42 (CADC 1983). The
Court proceeds on that same assumption today. Ante, at 9.
For present purposes, let us take it as given.
Doing so raises a few questions. First, what was the "fi-
nal order" in this action? Plainly, the NRC's licensing deci-
sion. Second, what were the "proceedings before the agency
preliminary to issuance of [that] order?" Simmons, 716
F. 2d, at 42. As we have seen, the NRC's licensing proceed-
ing comprised several parts -- including the safety review,
environmental review, and a hearing. Third, who
qualified as a party in that proceeding? To answer that
question, the Court relies on a line of D. C. Circuit cases
that recognize "[t]he degree of participation necessary to
achieve party status varies according to the formality with
which the proceeding was conducted. " Water Transp. Assn.
v. ICC, 819 F. 2d 1189, 1192 (CADC 1987) ; see also ante, at 9 (relying on Sim-
mons).
To my mind, that answer resolves this case. Focus on the
agency's environmental review. Remember, that review
was an essential component of its licensing proceeding. See
Part I -- B, supra. The NRC itself admits that it could not
sign off on ISP's license without completing an environmen-
tal impact statement weighing alternatives to ISP's pro-
posal, including the possibility of denying it. Ibid. Reflect-
ing as much, the agency's final license "package" included a
preamble in which the agency recorded various findings, in-
cluding a finding that it had completed a final EIS. Ibid.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

The package also included a "concise public record of deci-
sion" outlining the findings of the agency's final EIS, incor-
porating that document by reference, and reporting its con-
clusion that ISP's license application should be granted.
Supra, at 8 ; App. 288 -- 298).
Texas and Fasken were parties to that component of the
agency's licensing proceeding. After preparing a draft EIS,
the agency solicited comments from the public. Part I -- B,
supra. Both Texas and Fasken offered extensive comments,
raising warnings about the impact of ISP's intended project
on land, water, oil and gas reserves -- and people. Ibid. The
agency accepted those comments and undertook to address
them in its final EIS. Ibid.
That is enough to make Texas and Fasken "parties" to
"any proceedings before the agency preliminary to issuance
of " the challenged order. Simmons, 716 F. 2d, at 42. In
"administrative proceedings" contemplating "notice-and-
comment," lower courts have long said that "commenting"
qualifies an individual as a "party" for purposes of the
Hobbs Act. ACA Int'l v. FCC, 885 F. 3d 687, 711 (CADC
2018). That much is surely right. And it means that Texas
and Fasken are "parties" who may be heard in court under
the Hobbs Act.
B
For its part, the Court seems to consider Texas's and
Fasken's participation in the agency's environmental re-
view irrelevant. As I understand it, the Court thinks that,
to "qualify as a party," Texas and Fasken also had to "suc-
cessfully intervene" in the agency's hearing. Ante, at
2.
I fail to see why. By the terms of one statute and set of
regulations, the agency may have had to offer a public hear-
ing. But by the terms of other statutes and regulations, the
agency also had to conduct, among other things, an envi-
ronmental review and a safety review. Each of these steps,
20 NRC v. TEXAS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

the agency insists, was necessary before it could reach a de-
cision on ISP's license application. See Part I -- B, supra; see
also, e.g., 81 Fed. Reg. 79532. And all of the agency's vari-
ous tracks of review culminated in a single decision. In-
deed, the agency incorporated the conclusions of each into
its final license "package." Part I -- B, supra. And without
doubt, Texas and Fasken participated as parties in the en-
vironmental-review portion of the agency's licensing pro-
ceeding. Ibid. The Hobbs Act requires no more. See Sim-
mons, 716 F. 2d, at 42 (participation as a "party" in "any
proceedings before the agency preliminary to issuance of "
the challenged order is sufficient ).
That conclusion is confirmed by the terms of itself.
The statute provides that, "[i]n any proceeding... for the
granting... of any license," the NRC "shall grant a hearing
upon the request of any person whose interest may be af-
fected by the proceeding, and shall admit any such person
as a party to such proceeding." (1)(A). With this
language, Congress clearly sought to ensure that anyone af-
fected by the agency's decision would have at least one fo-
rum in which to express their views to the NRC. But no-
where did Congress say is the only way someone can
participate in the agency's licensing proceeding. Nowhere,
for example, did it say that someone must request a hearing
under to become a party to the NRC's licensing pro-
ceeding.
More than that, the statute's terms preclude any inter-
pretation conflating a hearing before the agency with the
licensing proceeding itself. The statute provides that the
"hearing" occurs "[i]n any proceeding... for the granting... of any license" -- that is to say, in an overall licensing
proceeding. The statute does not say that the hearing is the
licensing proceeding. Surely, too, that is as it must be. Un-
der, after all, a hearing may or may not be required,
depending on whether someone "request[s]" one. And, with
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

or without a hearing, the NRC must, by statute and regu-
lation, undertake an extensive "proceeding... for the
granting... of [the] license" that includes an environmen-
tal review and a safety review. (1)(A); see also Part
I -- B, supra.3
Any possible lingering doubt on this score is resolved by
recalling that the Hobbs Act is a jurisdictional statute. Ju-
risdictional statutes, this Court has said, must be read in
light of a "strong presumption that Congress intends judi-
cial review of administrative action." Bowen v. Michigan
Academy of Family Physicians, (1986).
It is a presumption that can be overcome "only upon a show-
ing of clear and convincing evidence of a contrary legislative
intent." Abbott Laboratories v. Gardner, 
(1967). And here that
presumption counsels strongly against assuming that those
who participate in one aspect of an NRC licensing proceed-
ing must participate in another just to be heard in court.
Certainly, nothing in the Hobbs Act or clearly and

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The Court insists that litigants cannot "use collateral environmental

claims to evade the limits on judicial review imposed by an exclusive ju-
dicial-review provision like the Hobbs Act." Ante, at 22,. But that
truism is no answer. Texas and Fasken are not seeking to evade the
Hobbs Act by bringing, say, an Administrative Procedure Act claim based
on their environmental objections (much as the litigants in the two cir-
cuit cases the Court cites sought to do in order to evade other exclusive
judicial-review provisions). See ibid. Instead, Texas and Fasken claim
they are entitled to proceed under the Hobbs Act itself. And while com-
menting on an EIS may not always be enough to guarantee "party" status
under the Hobbs Act, it suffices here given the way the NRC's licensing
proceeding is structured. Nor is it any answer to insist, as the Court
does, that the hearing is a formal "agency adjudication" where "in-
tervention" is required. Ante, at 10, 22, and. For one thing, nothing
in (1)(A) suggests that the label "formal agency adjudication" is
appropriate. For another, if the agency's licensing proceeding involves
an adjudication at all, it "is a very strange type of adjudication," because
it only sometimes includes a hearing, yet always requires the agency to
open "a notice-and-comment process." Tr. of Oral Arg. 87.
22 NRC v. TEXAS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

convincingly requires that result.
A corollary to the presumption favoring judicial review
only serves to bolster that conclusion. "[A]bsent clear state-
ment," this Court does not read legislation "to place in ex-
ecutive hands authority to remove cases from the Judici-
ary's domain." Kucana v. Holder, (2010).
The reason for that rule is obvious. Allowing agencies to
decide who can challenge their work in court is like letting
the fox guard the henhouse: Given the opportunity, agen-
cies are likely to ensure nothing survives.
This case illustrates the risk. Section 2239 promises that
the NRC "shall grant a hearing upon the request" of anyone
who "may be affected" by a proposed license and "shall ad-
mit any such person as a party to such proceeding." By any
measure, Fasken satisfied the law's terms. It sought to par-
ticipate, and the agency concluded that it qualified as a
"person whose interest may be affected." See 90 N. R. C.,
at 47, 52. From that, it followed that the NRC had to "ad-
mit" Fasken as "a party."
Despite that mandate, the agency (again) charted its own
course. It developed restrictive internal rules regulating
who may "intervene" in its hearing and what "contentions"
it considers "admissible." See supra, at 7 ). Then, it deployed those rules to exclude Fasken
and others who sought to participate, turning what was
supposed to be a public hearing more nearly into an echo
chamber involving agency staff and ISP. 90 N. R. C., at 57 -- 
64. To top it all off, the agency now asks us to believe that
(supplemented, of course, by its own regulations)
supplies the only way someone can become a "party" to its
licensing proceeding. Brief for the Federal Petitioners 19 -- 
20.
By that series of steps, the agency effectively seeks to con-
trol who may challenge its decisions in court -- and ensure
that the answer is no one. Perhaps, as the Court observes,
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Fasken could have challenged the agency's internal regula-
tions restricting who may participate in a hearing,
arguing that they defy the statute's plain terms. See ante,
at 13. And perhaps someone should consider doing just
that.4 But the hard fact remains that, by accepting the
NRC's strained view that represents the only way for
someone to become a party to its licensing proceedings, we
effectively allow the agency to keep even a neighboring
landowner and the very State in which massive amounts of
spent nuclear fuel will be stored from being heard in court.
Fox meet henhouse.
*
The NWPA prohibits the NRC from licensing the storage
of spent nuclear fuel at privately owned sites like ISP's. De-
spite that command, the NRC forged ahead anyway. As the
Fifth Circuit recognized, the agency's decision was unlaw-
ful. Nor does anything in the Hobbs Act prevent us from
admitting what we know to be true. Both Texas and Fasken
are "parties aggrieved" by the agency's decision. The NRC's
theory otherwise requires us to ignore the full scope of the
agency's own licensing proceeding. It forces us to reimagine
a statute expanding public access to the agency's adminis-
trative proceedings into one restricting access. And it asks
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 After first touting the availability of this course, the Court later, in

dicta, seems to disparage its prospects, citing a 35-year-old D. C. Circuit
decision for the proposition that the NRC's regulations do not "set too
high a bar" for intervention. See ante, at 22 ). But, of course, that decision
hardly binds this Court. Notably, too, the D. C. Circuit did not pass on
the agency's intervention regulations alone, but only those regulations
"in conjunction with the [NRC's] longstanding late-filing rule." Id., at 53
("UCS does not... contend that the heightened pleading requirement,
standing alone, would be illegal"). In doing so, as well, the court invoked
Chevron deference, an approach this Court has since rejected. See 920
F. 2d, at 54, overruled by Loper Bright Enterprises
v. Raimondo, (2024)).
24 NRC v. TEXAS

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

us to believe that the very State in which the agency in-
tends to store spent nuclear fuel indefinitely cannot be
heard in court to complain about the agency's plans. Be-
cause nothing in the law requires us to indulge any of those
fantasies, I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 601 U. S. Part 1
Pages 65 -- 86

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
February 21, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2023 65

Syllabus

GREAT LAKES INSURANCE SE v. RAIDERS
RETREAT REALTY CO., LLC
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the third circuit
No. 22 -- 500. Argued October 10, 2023 -- Decided February 21, 2024
Great Lakes Insurance and Raiders Retreat Realty Co. entered a mari-
time insurance contract. Great Lakes was organized in Germany and
headquartered in the United Kingdom, and Raiders was headquartered
in Pennsylvania. The parties' contract selected New York law to gov-
ern any future disputes. Raiders' boat subsequently ran aground in
Florida. Great Lakes denied coverage for the accident and fled a re-
lated declaratory judgment action in the U. S. District Court for the
Eastern District of Pennsylvania. Raiders responded by advancing
contract claims against Great Lakes under Pennsylvania law. The Dis-
trict Court enforced the choice-of-law provision in the parties' contract
and rejected Raiders' Pennsylvania-law contract claims. The Third
Circuit recognized the presumptive validity and enforceability of choice-
Page Proof Pending Publication
of-law provisions in maritime contracts, but held that presumption must
yield to a strong public policy of the State where a suit is brought.
The Third Circuit remanded for the District Court to consider whether
applying New York law would violate Pennsylvania's public policy re-
garding insurance.
Held: Choice-of-law provisions in maritime contracts are presumptively
enforceable under federal maritime law, with narrow exceptions not ap-
plicable here. Pp. 69 -- 73.
(a) Article III's grant of federal jurisdiction to "all Cases of admiralty
and maritime Jurisdiction,", cl. 1, contemplates a uniform system of
maritime law across the country, see Norfolk Southern R. Co. v. James
N. Kirby, Pty Ltd., to promote interests of navigation,
commerce, and diplomatic relations. To maintain uniformity, federal
courts "make decisional law" for maritime cases, id., at 23, based on
sources including "judicial opinions, legislation, treatises, and scholarly
writings," Air & Liquid Systems Corp. v. DeVries,.
Federal courts follow previously "established" maritime rules, see Wil-
burn Boat Co. v. Fireman's Fund Ins. Co., and may
create uniform maritime rules if no established rule exists. See, e. g.,
Norfolk Southern, 543 U. S., at 23. Pp. 69 -- 76.
(1) Longstanding precedent in both this Court and the Courts of
Appeals establishes a federal maritime rule that choice-of-law provi-
66 GREAT LAKES INS. SE v. RAIDERS RETREAT REALTY CO.

Syllabus

sions in maritime contracts are presumptively enforceable. In an anal-
ogous context, the Court has pronounced that forum-selection clauses in
maritime contracts are "prima facie valid" under federal maritime law
and "should be enforced unless" doing so would be unreasonable. The
Bremen v. Zapata Off-Shore Co.,. Like choice-of-law
provisions, forum-selection clauses have "the salutary effect of dispel-
ling any confusion" on the manner for resolving future disputes, thereby
slashing the "time and expense of pretrial motions." Carnival Cruise
Lines, Inc. v. Shute, -- 594. The Court's decisions on
the enforceability of forum-selection clauses dictate the same conclusion
for choice-of-law provisions. Pp. 70 -- 73.
(2) This Court's decision in Wilburn Boat Co. v. Fireman's Fund
Insurance Co., does not hold otherwise. Wilburn Boat
did not involve a choice-of-law provision, and held only that state law
applied as a gap-fller in the absence of a uniform federal maritime rule
on a warranty issue. Id., at 314 -- 316. Where, as here, a uniform fed-
eral rule governs the enforceability of choice-of-law clauses in maritime
contracts, no gap exists to be flled by state law. And while Wilburn
Boat referenced States' traditional responsibility for regulating insur-
ance, see id., at 316 -- 319, preserving that responsibility does not speak

Page Proof Pending Publication
to the concern addressed by a choice-of law provision, namely, which
state law applies in a given case. Nothing in Wilburn Boat prevented
this Court in The Bremen and Carnival Cruise from concluding as a
matter of federal maritime law that forum-selection clauses are pre-
sumptively enforceable. And contrary to Raiders' suggestion, nothing
in Wilburn Boat purports to override parties' choice-of-law clauses in
maritime contracts generally, or in the subset of marine insurance con-
tracts specifcally. Pp. 73 -- 76.
(b) Raiders does not claim any recognized exception to the presump-
tive enforceability of choice-of-law clauses in maritime contracts. Raid-
ers seeks an additional exception for situations where enforcing the law
of the State designated by the contract would contravene the public
policy of the State with the greatest interest in the dispute. But Raid-
ers' proposal lacks support in case law, and its application would
undermine the fundamental purpose of choice-of-law clauses. Further,
Raiders' position would merely allow the substitution of one body of
state law (the law of the State with the purported greatest interest in
the matter) for another (the law of the State designated by a choice-
of-law provision), a substitution no federal maritime interest supports.
Finally, the Court rejects the suggestion to adopt the choice-of-law ap-
proach set forth in (b) of the Second Restatement of Confict of
Laws, as that rule arose out of interstate cases and does not deal di-
 Cite as: (2024) 67

Opinion of the Court

rectly with federal-state conficts, including those that arise in federal
enclaves like maritime law. Pp. 76 -- 79.
47 F. 4th 225, reversed.

Kavanaugh, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Thomas,
J., fled a concurring opinion, post, p. 79.

Jeffrey B. Wall argued the cause for petitioner. With him
on the briefs were Morgan L. Ratner, Madeline B. Jenks,
and Michael I. Goldman.
Howard J. Bashman argued the cause for respondent.
With him on the brief were Adam G. Unikowsky, Michael
Yanoff, and Shawn M. Rodgers.*
Justice Kavanaugh delivered the opinion of the Court.
Maritime contracts often contain choice-of-law provisions
that designate the law of a particular jurisdiction to control
future disputes. The enforceability of those choice-of-law
provisions is governed by federal maritime law. Applying
Page Proof Pending Publication
federal maritime law in this case, we conclude that choice-
of-law provisions in maritime contracts are presumptively
enforceable, with certain narrow exceptions not applicable
here.

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Chamber of
Commerce of the United States of America et al. by Carter G. Phillips,
Jacqueline G. Cooper, and Jonathan D. Urick; and for the New England
Legal Foundation by Benjamin G. Robbins and Daniel B. Winslow.
Briefs of amici curiae urging vacatur were fled for the American Insti-
tute of Marine Underwriters et al. by Joseph G. Grasso and Thomas H.
Belknap, Jr.; and for John F. Coyle et al. by F. Andrew Hessick and Rich-
ard A. Simpson.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
Louisiana et al. by Jeff Landry, Attorney General of Louisiana, Elizabeth
B. Murrill, Solicitor General, Shae McPhee, Deputy Solicitor General,
Lynn Fitch, Attorney General of Mississippi, and Michelle A. Henry, At-
torney General of Pennsylvania; for the American Association of Justice
by Benjamin C. Hassebrock, Alexander Loy, Michal Meiler, Sean Dom-
nick, and Jeffrey R. White; and for United Policy Holders by Joshua Gold,
Dennis J. Nolan, and Kirk Pasich.
68 GREAT LAKES INS. SE v. RAIDERS RETREAT REALTY CO.

Opinion of the Court

I
To insure its boat, Raiders Retreat Realty, a Pennsylvania
business, purchased a policy from Great Lakes Insurance, a
company organized in Germany and headquartered in the
United Kingdom. The insurance contract included a choice-
of-law provision that, as relevant here, selected New York
law to govern future disputes between the parties.
Years later, Raiders' boat ran aground near Fort Lauder-
dale, Florida. After Raiders submitted an insurance claim,
Great Lakes denied coverage. Great Lakes asserted that
Raiders breached the insurance contract by failing to main-
tain the boat's fre-suppression system. According to Great
Lakes, the breach voided the insurance contract in its en-
tirety, even though the boat's fre-suppression system did not
contribute to the accident.
Great Lakes sued Raiders for declaratory relief in the U. S.
District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Great Lakes alleged that Raiders breached the insurance
contract and that the breach allowed Great Lakes to deny
insurance coverage.
In response, Raiders advanced contract claims under
Pennsylvania law. Great Lakes countered that Pennsylva-
nia law did not apply to this dispute; rather, New York law
applied under the choice-of-law provision in the parties' in-
surance contract.
The District Court agreed with Great Lakes. The court
reasoned that federal maritime law regards choice-of-law
provisions as presumptively valid and enforceable. 521
F. Supp. 3d 580, 585 -- 586 (ED Pa. 2021). The court therefore
enforced the parties' choice-of-law provision and rejected
Raiders' Pennsylvania-law contract claims. Id., at 588 -- 589.
The U. S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit vacated
that judgment. 47 F. 4th 225 (2022). The Court of Appeals
held that choice-of-law provisions in maritime contracts are
presumptively enforceable as a matter of federal maritime
law, but nonetheless must yield to a strong public policy of
 Cite as: (2024) 69

Opinion of the Court

the State in which suit is brought -- here, Pennsylvania's pub-
lic policy regarding insurance. Id., at 230, 233. The court
remanded for the District Court to consider whether apply-
ing New York contract law here would violate Pennsylvania's
public policy and whether Pennsylvania law therefore should
apply. Id., at 233.
This Court granted certiorari to resolve a split in the
Courts of Appeals regarding the enforceability of choice-of-
law provisions in maritime contracts. See 598 U. S. -- -- -- 
(2023). Compare Great Lakes Ins. SE v. Raiders Retreat
Realty Co., LLC, 47 F. 4th, at 233, with Galilea, LLC v.
AGCS Marine Ins. Co., 879 F. 3d 1052, 1060 (CA9 2018);
Stoot v. Fluor Drilling Servs., Inc., 851 F. 2d 1514, 1517
(CA5 1988).
II
Under the Constitution, federal courts possess authority
to create and apply maritime law. Article III of the Consti-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tution extends the federal judicial power to "all Cases of ad-
miralty and maritime Jurisdiction." U. S. Const., Art. III, cl. 1. That grant of jurisdiction contemplates a system
of maritime law " `coextensive with, and operating uniformly
in, the whole country.' " Norfolk Southern R. Co. v. James
N. Kirby, Pty Ltd., (2004) ). The pur-
poses of that uniform system include promoting "the great
interests of navigation and commerce" and maintaining the
United States' "diplomatic relations." 3 J. Story, Commen-
taries on the Constitution of the United States, p. 533
(1st ed. 1833); see also Norfolk Southern, 543 U. S., at 28;
Exxon Corp. v. Central Gulf Lines, Inc., 
(1991).
To maintain that uniform system, federal courts "make de-
cisional law" for maritime cases. Norfolk Southern, 543
U. S., at 23. When a federal court decides a maritime case,
it acts as a "federal common law court, much as state courts
do in state common-law cases." Air & Liquid Systems
70 GREAT LAKES INS. SE v. RAIDERS RETREAT REALTY CO.

Opinion of the Court

Corp. v. DeVries, (2019) ; see Dutra Group v. Batterton, (2019). "Subject to direction from Congress," the fed-
eral courts fashion maritime rules based on, among other
sources, "judicial opinions, legislation, treatises, and schol-
arly writings." Air & Liquid Systems, 586 U. S., at 452; see
also Exxon Co., U. S. A. v. Sofec, Inc., 
(1996); East River S. S. Corp. v. Transamerica Delaval Inc.,
(1986).
Exercising that authority, federal courts follow previously
"established" maritime rules. Wilburn Boat Co. v. Fire-
man's Fund Ins. Co., (1955). No bright
line exists for determining when a federal maritime rule is
"established," but a body of judicial decisions can suffce.
See Bisso v. Inland Waterways Corp., -- 90
(1955). In the absence of an established rule, federal courts
may create uniform maritime rules. See, e.g., Norfolk
Southern, 543 U. S., at 23. When no established rule exists,
Page Proof Pending Publication
and when the federal courts decline to create a new rule,
federal courts apply state law. See Wilburn Boat, 348 U. S.,
at 320 -- 321. For purposes of this general overview, we will
stop there, as the "issue of federalism in admiralty and the
scope of application of state law in maritime cases is one of
the most perplexing issues in the law." 1 T. Schoenbaum,
Admiralty and Maritime Law :4, p. 268 (6th ed. 2018).

A
The initial question here is whether there is an established
federal maritime rule regarding the enforceability of choice-
of-law provisions. The answer is yes. Longstanding prece-
dent establishes a federal maritime rule: Choice-of-law provi-
sions in maritime contracts are presumptively enforceable.
As a leading treatise says, it is "well established in admiralty
that choice of law clauses" will "normally be enforced." 1
Schoenbaum, Admiralty and Maritime Law :19, at 427; see
also id., :4, at 275; 2 id., :6, at 431 -- 432 (similar).
 Cite as: (2024) 71

Opinion of the Court

Courts of Appeals have consistently decided that choice-
of-law provisions in maritime contracts are presumptively
enforceable as a matter of federal maritime law. See Great
Lakes Ins. SE v. Wave Cruiser LLC, 36 F. 4th 1346, 1353 -- 
1354 (CA11 2022); Great Lakes Reins. (UK) PLC v. Durham
Auctions, Inc., 585 F. 3d 236, 242 -- 243 (CA5 2009); Triton
Marine Fuels Ltd., S. A. v. M/V Pacifc Chukotka, 575 F. 3d
409, 413 (CA4 2009); Chan v. Society Expeditions, Inc., 123
F. 3d 1287, 1296 -- 1297 (CA9 1997); Milanovich v. Costa Cro-
ciere, S. p. A., 954 F. 2d 763, 768 (CADC 1992).
Although no recent case of this Court has addressed the
issue, the Court has traditionally enforced choice-of-law pro-
visions in maritime contracts. The Court has recognized,
for example, that the parties to a maritime contract may se-
lect the governing law by "clearly manifest[ing]" an intent
to follow that law "when entering into the contract." Liver-
pool & Great Western Steam Co. v. Phenix Ins. Co., 129 U. S.
Page Proof Pending Publication
397, 458 (1889); see also The Kensington, 
(1902). The Court has stated that "it is no injustice" to re-
solve disputes under the law that parties have "agreed to be
bound by." London Assurance v. Companhia de Moagens
do Barreiro, (1897). As the Court further
opined in 1953: "Except as forbidden by some public policy,
the tendency of the law is to apply in contract matters the
law which the parties intended to apply." Lauritzen v.
Larsen, -- 589 (1953).
The Court's traditional enforcement of choice-of-law provi-
sions in maritime contracts corresponds to the Court's prece-
dents in the analogous forum-selection context. The Court
has pronounced that forum-selection clauses in maritime con-
tracts are "prima facie valid" under federal maritime law and
"should be enforced unless" doing so would be " `unreason-
able' under the circumstances." The Bremen v. Zapata Off-
Shore Co., (1972); see also Carnival Cruise
Lines, Inc. v. Shute, -- 594 (1991). Like
choice-of-law provisions, forum-selection clauses respect "an-
72 GREAT LAKES INS. SE v. RAIDERS RETREAT REALTY CO.

Opinion of the Court

cient concepts of freedom of contract." The Bremen, 407
U. S., at 11. And like choice-of-law provisions, forum-
selection clauses have "the salutary effect of dispelling any
confusion" on the manner for resolving future disputes,
thereby slashing the "time and expense of pretrial motions."
Carnival Cruise, 499 U. S., at 593 -- 594.
For those reasons, as Courts of Appeals have explained,
this Court's decisions in The Bremen and Carnival Cruise
on the enforceability of forum-selection clauses dictate the
same conclusion for choice-of-law provisions. See, e.g., Mi-
lanovich, 954 F. 2d, at 768. That is especially true given
that courts historically have expressed more skepticism of
forum-selection clauses than of choice-of-law clauses because
forum-selection clauses can force parties to litigate in incon-
venient places. See The Bremen, 407 U. S., at 9; 6 S. Willis-
ton, Law of Contracts (rev. ed. 1938).
As courts and commentators have recognized, the pre-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sumption of enforceability for choice-of-law provisions in
maritime contracts facilitates maritime commerce by reduc-
ing uncertainty and lowering costs for maritime actors.
Maritime commerce traverses interstate and international
boundaries, so when a maritime accident or dispute occurs,
time-consuming and diffcult questions can arise about which
law governs. Choice-of-law provisions "reduce legal uncer-
tainty." J. Coyle, The Canons of Construction for Choice-of-
Law Clauses, 92 Wash. L. Rev. 631, 633, (2017). By
identifying the governing law in advance, choice-of-law pro-
visions allow parties to avoid later disputes -- as well as ensu-
ing litigation and its attendant costs. Cf. Carnival Cruise,
499 U. S., at 593 -- 594. Choice-of-law provisions also discour-
age forum shopping, further cutting the costs of litigation.
Moreover, by supplying some advance assurance about the
governing law, choice-of-law provisions help maritime ship-
pers decide on the front end "what precautions to take" on
their boats, American Dredging, 510 U. S., at 454, and enable
marine insurers to better assess risk, see Brief for American
 Cite as: (2024) 73

Opinion of the Court

Institute of Marine Underwriters et al. as Amici Curiae 12 -- 
13. Choice-of-law provisions therefore can lower the price
and expand the availability of marine insurance. In those
ways, choice-of-law provisions advance a fundamental pur-
pose of federal maritime law: the " `protection of maritime
commerce.' " Exxon Corp., 500 U. S., at 608 ).

B
Raiders argues that no established federal maritime rule
governs the enforceability of choice-of-law provisions, and it
further contends that federal courts should assess those pro-
visions under state law. Raiders does not specify whether
it thinks that federal maritime law should incorporate state
law on this issue, or instead that state law is not preempted
by federal maritime law and applies of its own force. See
Tr. of Oral Arg. 52 -- 53.
Page Proof Pending Publication
In any event, Raiders argues that this Court s 1955 deci-
sion in Wilburn Boat Co. v. Fireman's Fund Insurance Co., precludes a uniform federal presumption of
enforceability for choice-of-law provisions in maritime con-
tracts. But that case did not involve a choice-of-law provi-
sion. Rather, the Wilburn Boat Court simply determined
what substantive rule applied when a party breached a war-
ranty in a marine insurance contract. See id., at 311 -- 316.
The Court concluded that no "established federal admiralty
rule" governed the warranty issue. Id., at 314; see also id.,
at 314 -- 316. And the Court declined to create a federal mar-
itime rule on that question, both because States historically
regulated insurance and because federal courts were poorly
positioned to "unify insurance law on a nationwide basis."
Id., at 319; see also id., at 316 -- 320. The Court therefore
ordered that the warranty issue be tried "under appropriate
state law." Id., at 321.
Great Lakes contends that Wilburn Boat's reliance on
state law is in tension with the Court's modern maritime
74 GREAT LAKES INS. SE v. RAIDERS RETREAT REALTY CO.

Opinion of the Court

jurisprudence, which tends to place greater emphasis on the
need for uniformity in maritime law. See Norfolk Southern,
543 U. S., at 28; Kossick v. United Fruit Co., -- 742 (1961); see also American Dredging, 510 U. S., at
452 -- 453 (noting tension between Wilburn Boat and Kos-
sick); Wilburn Boat, 348 U. S., at 322, 324 (Frankfurter, J.,
concurring in result) (arguing that Wilburn Boat should "not
be found controlling" in the future beyond the case's "essen-
tially localized" facts).
But here, we need not resolve any such tension because
Wilburn Boat does not control the analysis of choice-of-law
provisions in maritime contracts. To reiterate, Wilburn
Boat did not involve a choice-of-law provision, and the case
therefore affords limited guidance on that distinct issue.
Moreover, Wilburn Boat held only that state law applied as
a gap-fller in the absence of a uniform federal maritime rule
on a warranty issue. 348 U. S., at 314 -- 316. Here, however,
Page Proof Pending Publication
no gap exists because a uniform federal rule governs the
enforceability of choice-of-law clauses in maritime contracts.
In addition, Wilburn Boat rested in part on the diffculty
of creating substantive maritime insurance law from scratch
through case-by-case adjudication. See id., at 319 -- 320.
That concern is absent when the question is whether the
parties may choose the governing law to apply. Wilburn
Boat also cited States' traditional responsibility for regulat-
ing insurance. See id., at 316 -- 319. But preserving that re-
sponsibility does not speak to which state law applies in
a given case, which is what a choice-of-law provision ad-
dresses. Finally, Wilburn Boat did not prevent this Court
in The Bremen and Carnival Cruise from concluding as a
matter of federal maritime law that forum-selection clauses
are presumptively enforceable. For all of those reasons,
Wilburn Boat does not preclude a uniform federal presump-
tion of enforceability for choice-of-law provisions in mari-
time contracts.
 Cite as: (2024) 75

Opinion of the Court

Raiders suggests that even if federal maritime law pre-
sumes the enforceability of choice-of-law provisions in
maritime contracts, Wilburn Boat recognized a kind of "in-
surance exceptionalism" where this Court will apply state
law in marine insurance cases. Tr. of Oral Arg. 45. We
disagree. Nothing in Wilburn Boat purports to override
parties' choice-of-law clauses in maritime contracts gen-
erally, or in the subset of marine insurance contracts
specifcally.
Moreover, in the forum-selection context, The Bremen and
Carnival Cruise apply to marine insurance contracts as well
as to other maritime contracts. See Carnival Cruise, 499
U. S., at 593 -- 595; The Bremen, 407 U. S., at 10 -- 14. We dis-
cern no good reason for a different rule in the choice-of-law
context. Indeed, the uniformity and predictability resulting
from choice-of-law provisions are especially important for
marine insurance contracts given that marine insurance is
Page Proof Pending Publication
"an integral part of v rtually every maritime transaction,
and maritime commerce is a vital part of the nation's econ-
omy." M. Sturley, Restating the Law of Marine Insurance:
A Workable Solution to the Wilburn Boat Problem, 29 J.
Mar. L. & Com. 41, 45 (1998).
In applying maritime rules, we also may assess whether
our decision produces an "equitable result." Norfolk South-
ern, 543 U. S., at 35. In considering Raiders' argument for
applying state law, it bears recalling Wilburn Boat's after-
math in maritime law and the maritime industry. See G.
Gilmore & C. Black, Law of Admiralty -- 17, 2 -- 8 (2d ed.
1975). After Wilburn Boat, maritime actors realized that a
lot would depend on which State's law governed each indi-
vidual maritime dispute -- a question that would be unclear in
advance. See 2 Schoenbaum, Admiralty and Maritime Law
:9. Choice-of-law provisions soon emerged as a ready
answer to that problem. See W. von Bittner, The Validity
and Effect of Choice of Law Clauses in Marine Insurance
76 GREAT LAKES INS. SE v. RAIDERS RETREAT REALTY CO.

Opinion of the Court

Contracts, 53 Ins. Counsel J. 573, 573, 578 -- 579 (1986). And
particularly since The Bremen resolved the analogous forum-
selection issue in 1972, most maritime actors have justifably
believed that choice-of-law provisions are presumptively en-
forceable as a matter of federal maritime law. See 1 Schoen-
baum, Admiralty and Maritime Law :19, at 427. That
widespread understanding is correct, and Raiders' argument
for disrupting that longstanding consensus is essentially a
solution in search of a problem.
The bottom line: As a matter of federal maritime law,
choice-of-law provisions in maritime contracts are presump-
tively enforceable.
III
Of course, to say that choice-of-law clauses are presump-
tively enforceable as a matter of federal maritime law means
that there are exceptions when the clauses are not enforce-
able. The parties agree that the exceptions are narrow -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
indeed, Raiders "freely concede[s] that in most every
instance, a choice-of-law provision contained in a maritime
insurance contract will be effective." Tr. of Oral Arg. 54.
In particular, the parties agree that courts should disre-
gard choice-of-law clauses in otherwise valid maritime con-
tracts when the chosen law would contravene a controlling
federal statute, see Knott v. Botany Mills, 
(1900), or confict with an established federal maritime policy,
see The Kensington, -- 271 (1902). For ex-
ample, The Kensington declined to enforce a choice-of-law
clause because the chosen law would have released a carrier
from liability for negligence -- a result that federal maritime
law forbids. See ibid.
The parties further agree that, as a matter of federal mari-
time law, courts may disregard choice-of-law clauses when
parties can furnish no reasonable basis for the chosen juris-
diction. Cf. Carnival Cruise, 499 U. S., at 594 -- 595; The
Bremen, 407 U. S., at 10, 16 -- 17. For example, it would be
unreasonable to pick the law of a distant foreign country
 Cite as: (2024) 77

Opinion of the Court

without some rational basis for doing so. That said, the "no
reasonable basis" exception must be applied with substantial
deference to the contracting parties, recognizing that mari-
time actors may sometimes choose the law of a specifc juris-
diction because, for example, that jurisdiction's law is "well
developed, well known, and well regarded." Brief for
American Institute of Marine Underwriters et al. as Amici
Curiae 17.
Raiders does not claim that either of those exceptions ap-
plies here. To be specifc, Raiders does not assert that any
federal statute or established federal maritime policy pre-
cludes enforcing the parties' choice-of-law provision. And
Raiders does not claim that the parties' choice of New York's
"well-known and highly elaborated commercial law" was un-
reasonable. Restatement (Second) of Confict of Laws,
Comment f, p. 567 (1969); see also The Bremen, 407 U. S., at
13 (approving the choice of a "neutral forum").
Page Proof Pending Publication
Unable to successfully invoke those exceptions, Raiders
says that federal maritime law should recognize an addi-
tional exception when enforcing the law of the State desig-
nated by the contract would contravene the fundamental
public policy of the State with the greatest interest in the
dispute. We disagree with that argument. Indeed, Raid-
ers' request for that novel maritime exception is essentially
a repackaged version of its initial argument that the enforce-
ability of choice-of-law provisions in maritime contracts
should be determined by state law. The argument fares no
better here, for essentially the same reasons.
A federal presumption of enforceability would not be much
of a presumption if it could be routinely swept aside based
on 50 States' public policy determinations. The ensuing dis-
uniformity and uncertainty caused by such an approach
would undermine the fundamental purpose of choice-of-law
clauses in maritime contracts: uniform and stable rules for
maritime actors. See supra, at 70 -- 73; Carnival Cruise, 499
U. S., at 593 -- 594; The Bremen, 407 U. S., at 13 -- 14.
78 GREAT LAKES INS. SE v. RAIDERS RETREAT REALTY CO.

Opinion of the Court

Raiders' proposed exception also lacks historical roots.
This Court has never discarded a choice-of-law provision in
a maritime contract on the ground that enforcement of the
choice-of-law provision would violate state law. On the con-
trary, the Court has enforced those clauses without so much
as mentioning state law. See, e.g., London Assurance, 167
U. S., at 161; see also Siegelman v. Cunard White Star Ltd.,
221 F. 2d 189, 193, 195 (CA2 1955) (Harlan, J.).
Nor has the Court looked to state law in the analogous
forum-selection context. Raiders points to a sentence in
The Bremen stating that a "contractual choice-of-forum
clause should be held unenforceable if enforcement would
contravene a strong public policy of the forum in which suit
is brought." 407 U. S., at 15. But that sentence, read in
context, was referring to the possibility of a confict between
federal maritime law and a foreign country's law -- there,
England's. See ibid. State law was not relevant to the
Page Proof Pending Publication
case. The Bremen said nothing about the law or public pol-
icy of Florida. See id., at 9 -- 20. Carnival Cruise likewise
said nothing about the law or public policy of Washington.
See 499 U. S., at 590 -- 595.
Raiders' position similarly fnds no footing in the decisions
of the Courts of Appeals. The opinion of the Third Circuit
in this case is the frst by a Federal Court of Appeals to hold
that a State's strong public policy may justify disregarding a
maritime choice-of-law clause.
The lack of case law supporting Raiders' state-law argument
comes as no surprise given that Raiders' position would
merely allow the substitution of one body of state law (the law
of the State with the purported greatest interest in the mat-
ter) for another (the law of the State designated by a choice-
of-law provision). As Raiders seems to acknowledge, federal
maritime law offers no reason to categorically prefer the law
of one State over another State. See Brief for Respondent
41 -- 42. Here, for example, no federal maritime interest sup-
ports applying Pennsylvania law rather than New York law.
 Cite as: (2024) 79

Thomas, J., concurring

For the same reasons, we disagree with Raiders' related
suggestion that we adopt the choice-of-law approach set
forth in (b) of the Second Restatement of Confict of
Laws. In relevant part, that subsection says that choice-of-
law provisions are enforceable unless they confict with "a
fundamental policy of a state which has a materially greater
interest than the chosen state in the determination of the
particular issue." Restatement (Second) of Confict of Laws
(b). As the commentary to the Restatement care-
fully explains, however, that rule arose out of interstate
cases and does not deal directly with federal-state conficts,
including those that arise in federal enclaves like maritime
law. See id., Comment c;, Comment d;, Com-
ment a. For reasons already stated, that Restatement rule
is a poor ft for maritime cases. It would operate like a gen-
eral exception for state law that would prevent maritime
actors from prospectively identifying the law to govern fu-
ture disputes. The (b) exception would require par-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ties to litigate which State possesses the "materially greater
interest" in the dispute, and thereby create signifcant uncer-
tainty. As explained above, no federal maritime interest
favors injecting that kind of disuniformity and unpredictabil-
ity into maritime commerce. We therefore decline to adopt
(b) for federal maritime law.

* * *
In sum, choice-of-law provisions in maritime contracts are
presumptively enforceable as a matter of federal maritime
law, with certain narrow exceptions, and no exception to the
presumption applies in this case. We reverse the judgment
of the Court of Appeals.
It is so ordered.

Justice Thomas, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full because it correctly con-
cludes that federal maritime law governs the enforceability
80 GREAT LAKES INS. SE v. RAIDERS RETREAT REALTY CO.

Thomas, J., concurring

of choice-of-law provisions in maritime contracts. In ar-
guing that state law should govern, Raiders Retreat Realty
relies principally on this Court's decision in Wilburn Boat
Co. v. Fireman's Fund Ins. Co., (1955). I write
separately to highlight how Wilburn Boat rests on fawed
premises and, more broadly, how the decision is at odds with
the fundamental precept of admiralty law. This Court has
already retreated from Wilburn Boat's unsound holding, lim-
iting it to local disputes. Litigants and courts applying
Wilburn Boat in the future should not ignore these
developments.
The Constitution extends the judicial power to "all Cases
of admiralty and maritime Jurisdiction." Art. III, cl. 1.
We have long understood this grant of jurisdiction to estab-
lish a uniform body of substantive law called the general
maritime law. See Knickerbocker Ice Co. v. Stewart, -- 161 (1920); The Lottawanna, 21 Wall. 558, 575
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1875). For almost 150 years before Wilburn Boat, it was
well established that marine-insurance disputes fell within
that admiralty jurisdiction. See Insurance Co. v. Dunham,
11 Wall. 1, 35 (1871); DeLovio v. Boit, 7 F. Cas. 418, 444
(No. 3,776) (CC Mass. 1815) (Story, J.). And, it was widely
accepted that courts applied general maritime law in such
disputes as a result. See Watts v. Camors, 
(1885). Wilburn Boat upset this understanding by inviting
courts to apply state law in a broad range of marine-
insurance disputes. That break from settled practice was
unwarranted.
Wilburn Boat involved an insurance claim on a small
houseboat that was destroyed by fre while moored in Lake
Texoma, an artifcial inland lake. 348 U. S., at 311. The
houseboat's owner conceded that he breached the marine-
insurance policy's express warranty limiting his use to pri-
vate pleasure by carrying passengers for hire. Ibid. Even
though that breach was unrelated to the fre, the insurer de-
 Cite as: (2024) 81

Thomas, J., concurring

clined coverage on breach-of-warranty grounds, arguing
that federal maritime law requires literal compliance with
express warranties and that any breach thus releases the
insurer from liability. See id., at 311 -- 312. The owner
countered that Texas law -- not federal maritime law -- should
determine the consequences of a breach of warranty, and
that breaching the private-pleasure warranty would not jus-
tify denying coverage under Texas law. Id., at 312. To re-
solve this choice-of-law dispute, the Court posed two ques-
tions: "(1) Is there a judicially established federal admiralty
rule governing these warranties? (2) If not, should we fash-
ion one?" Id., at 314. Answering both questions in the
negative, this Court concluded that state law governs the
effect of a breach of warranty in a marine-insurance policy.
Id., at 316, 320 -- 321.
Wilburn Boat's rationale is deeply fawed. The Court's
frst conclusion, that there was no established federal admi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ralty rule requiring literal compliance with express warran-
ties, is indefensible. See id., at 314 -- 316. Treatises from
the early 19th century to the 20th century recognized the
literal compliance rule as part of the general maritime law
governing marine insurance. See, e.g., 2 R. Simey & G.
Mitchison, Arnould on the Law of Marine Insurance and Av-
erage, p. 863 (12th ed. 1939); 2 T. Parsons, Maritime
Law 104 -- 105 (1859); 1 J. Park, A System of the Law of
Marine Insurances 422 (6th ed. 1809); J. Burn, Law of Marine
Insurances 80 (1801). By the time of Wilburn Boat, at least
fve Courts of Appeals had applied that rule in marine-
insurance cases. See, e.g., Home Ins. Co. v. Ciconett, 179
F. 2d 892, 894 (CA6 1950); Robinson v. Home Ins. Co., 73
F. 2d 3, 4 (CA5 1934); Aetna Ins. Co. v. Houston Oil &
Transp. Co., 49 F. 2d 121, 124 (CA5 1931); Fidelity-Phenix
Ins. Co. v. Chicago Title & Trust Co., 12 F. 2d 573, 574 (CA7
1926); Shamrock Towing Co. v. American Ins. Co., 9 F. 2d
57, 60 (CA2 1925); Canton Ins. Offce v. Independent Transp.
82 GREAT LAKES INS. SE v. RAIDERS RETREAT REALTY CO.

Thomas, J., concurring

Co., 217 F. 213, 217 (CA9 1914). And, as Justice Reed high-
lighted in dissent, "[n]o case h[eld] to the contrary." Wil-
burn Boat, 348 U. S., at 326.
The Court's only rejoinder was that some Court of Ap-
peals decisions may have drawn the literal compliance rule
from state or general common law, rather than general mari-
time law. Id., at 315. Even so, the Court never explained
why the two decisions that identifed general maritime law
as the source of the literal compliance rule were not enough
to "establish" a federal admiralty rule. See Home Ins. Co.,
179 F. 2d, at 894; Aetna Ins. Co., 49 F. 2d, at 124. Nor did
it grapple with the seemingly universal endorsement of the
rule in marine-insurance treatises. See Air & Liquid Sys-
tems Corp. v. DeVries, (2019) ("In formu-
lating federal maritime law, the federal courts may examine,
among other sources, judicial opinions, legislation, treatises,
and scholarly writings"). At any rate, that some decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
were not explicit about the source of the literal compliance
rule is unsurprising given the common understanding that
general maritime law applied in admiralty cases. See
Watts, 115 U. S., at 362. And, it is telling that many of those
decisions rely on the classic marine-insurance treatise, Ar-
nould on Marine Insurance. See Robinson, 73 F. 2d, at 4;
Fidelity-Phenix, 12 F. 2d, at 574; Shamrock Towing, 9 F. 2d,
at 60; Canton, 217 F., at 217. In short, at the time of Wil-
burn Boat, the existence of an established federal maritime
rule addressing the effect of a breach of warranty could not
plausibly be questioned.
The Wilburn Boat Court's justifcation for not creating a
federal admiralty rule is equally problematic. It reasoned
that general insurance regulation is an area that historically
has been left to the States and that courts are ill suited for
crafting marine insurance law on a case-by-case basis. See
348 U. S., at 316 -- 317, 319 -- 320. The fact that States have
traditionally provided rules of decision for general insurance
law is no reason to leave marine insurance law to them.
 Cite as: (2024) 83

Thomas, J., concurring

States have traditionally provided rules of decision for gen-
eral contract and tort law, yet federal courts continue to de-
velop maritime law in those areas. See, e.g., Air & Liquid
Systems Corp., 586 U. S., at 453 -- 455; Exxon Shipping Co. v.
Baker, -- 507 (2008); Norfolk Southern
R. Co. v. James N. Kirby, Pty Ltd., (2004);
Bisso v. Inland Waterways Corp., (1955).
The Wilburn Boat Court's doubts about the ability of judges
to craft marine-insurance rules on a case-by-case basis is
simply a critique of the common-law process. But, federal
courts exercising admiralty jurisdiction act as common-
law courts, Air & Liquid Systems Corp., 586 U. S., at 452,
and the diffculties inherent in that role do not justify aban-
doning it.
A noticeable defciency of Wilburn Boat was its failure
to even acknowledge the uniformity principle -- a singularly
important concept in admiralty law. We have long recog-
Page Proof Pending Publication
nized that the Constitution's grant of admiralty jurisdiction
"referred to a system of law coextensive with, and operating
uniformly in, the whole country," and empowered federal
courts to maintain that national system using a common-law
process. The Lottawanna, 21 Wall., at 575. Only a uniform
system of maritime law, the Court has explained, can ensure
the "consistency at which the Constitution aimed on all sub-
jects of a commercial character affecting" interstate and for-
eign commerce. Ibid. This need for uniformity has been
the "touchstone" for determining the scope of admiralty ju-
risdiction and the extent to which state law can be given
effect in admiralty cases. Norfolk Southern, 543 U. S., at 28;
see also Kossick v. United Fruit Co., -- 742
(1961); Southern Pacifc Co. v. Jensen, (1917);
DeLovio, 7 F. Cas., at 443. Notwithstanding this settled prin-
ciple, however, Wilburn Boat said nothing about uniformity.
It did not so much as consider whether a need for uniformity
required a federal rule on the effect of breaching an express
warranty in a marine-insurance contract. This silence is in-
84 GREAT LAKES INS. SE v. RAIDERS RETREAT REALTY CO.

Thomas, J., concurring

explicable given that both Justice Frankfurter's concurrence
and Justice Reed's dissent discussed uniformity at length.
See 348 U. S., at 322 -- 324 (Frankfurter, J., concurring in re-
sult); id., at 332 -- 334 (Reed, J., dissenting). As Justice Reed
lamented, "the Court's decision strikes deep into the princi-
ple of a uniform admiralty law," and worse, it did so without
explaining why. Id., at 327.
Unsurprisingly, Wilburn Boat has been met with univer-
sal criticism over the past 70 years. A mere two years after
the decision, the Nation's foremost admiralty scholars wrote
a stinging critique in their treatise. See G. Gilmore & C.
Black, Law of Admiralty 44 -- 45, 62 -- 63 (1957). Wilburn
Boat's rationale, they explained, suggests that state law pro-
vides the rule of decision "when it happens that such cases
have not presented themselves to the federal courts in such
number or with the issues so posed as to result in decision
of the point involved." Gilmore, Law of Admiralty, at 62
Page Proof Pending Publication
(emphasis deleted). This, they concluded, is "a nightmarish
solution" because "[s]ome of the most important and obvious
propositions in marine insurance law are rarely litigated."
Id., at 62 -- 63. One exhaustive study of the opinion also con-
cluded that Wilburn Boat "was poorly reasoned and its hold-
ing poorly articulated." J. Goldstein, The Life and Times of
Wilburn Boat: A Critical Guide (Part I), 28 J. Mar. L. & Com.
395, 396 (1997). It explained that Wilburn Boat did not "ar-
ticulate any convincing theory of the extent to which uni-
formity is a basic characteristic of maritime law," "showed
little appreciation" for the Judiciary's role in fashioning the
general maritime law, and "failed to produce a decision or
analysis that would provide guidance to the lower courts."
J. Goldstein, The Life and Times of Wilburn Boat: A Critical
Guide (Part II), 28 J. Mar. L. & Com. 555, 591 (1997). And,
a modern treatise explains that "Wilburn Boat has
(1) produced a `crazy-quilt' pattern of federal-state regula-
tion of marine insurance; and (2) bogged the courts down in
complex and confusing choice-of-law questions." 2 T.
 Cite as: (2024) 85

Thomas, J., concurring

Schoenbaum, Admiralty and Maritime Law :9, p. 438 (6th
ed. 2018).*
It is little wonder that this Court has retreated from Wil-
burn Boat in subsequent decisions, implicitly cabining its
reach to "localized" disputes in accordance with Justice
Frankfurter's concurrence. See 348 U. S., at 322. In Kos-
sick, for example, this Court held that general maritime law,
not a state statute of frauds, governed the validity of a ship-
owner's oral contract with a seaman. 365 U. S., at 732 -- 733,
742. The Court attributed the decision in Wilburn Boat in
part to the inherently local nature of its dispute about "a
contract of insurance on a houseboat established in the wa-
ters of a small artifcial lake." 365 U. S., at 742. Fifty
years later, we endorsed this narrow reading of Wilburn
Boat in Norfolk Southern, holding that general maritime law
governed a maritime contract for the carriage of goods pri-
marily by sea. 543 U. S., at 18 -- 19, 22 -- 23. We explained
Page Proof Pending Publication
that "[w]hen a contract is a maritime one, and the dispute is
not inherently local, federal law controls the contract interpre-
tation." Id., at 22 -- 23. Today's decision further erodes Wil-
burn Boat's foundation, and rightly so. See ante, at 73 -- 75.
In light of these decisions, it is not clear what, if anything,
is left of Wilburn Boat's rationale. Yet, Raiders and some

*Critiques of Wilburn Boat are too numerous to list comprehensively.
See, e.g., D. Robertson, S. Friedell, & M. Sturley, Admiralty and Maritime
Law in the United States 465 (4th ed. 2020) ("For many informed observ-
ers, Wilburn Boat is the Supreme Court's most disappointing maritime-
law decision"); H. Watson, A Fifty Year Retrospective on the American
Law of Marine Insurance, 91 Tulane L. Rev. 855, 857 (2017) ("Wilburn
Boat has been the subject of relentless well-deserved criticism"); G. Star-
ing, Wilburn Boat is a Dead Letter: R. I. P., 42 J. Mar. L. & Com. 465, 468
(2011) ("Over a half century the decision has been repeatedly criticized for
its shallow erroneousness"); 1 A. Parks, The Law and Practice of Marine
Insurance and Average 13 (1987) ("Wilburn cast the law of marine insur-
ance into a state of turmoil"); H. Baer, Admiralty Law of the Supreme
Court 389 (3d ed. 1979) ("The Wilburn Boat case has left the admiralty
bar in a state of utter confusion").
86 GREAT LAKES INS. SE v. RAIDERS RETREAT REALTY CO.

Thomas, J., concurring

courts continue to understand Wilburn Boat to require ap-
plication of state law in circumstances far different from the
inherently local dispute at issue there. See, e.g., Travelers
Property Casualty Co. of Am. v. Ocean Reef Charters LLC,
996 F. 3d 1161, 1169 -- 1170 (CA11 2021); In re Settoon Towing,
720 F. 3d 268, 282 -- 284 (CA5 2013). But see Lloyd's of Lon-
don v. Págan-Sánchez, 539 F. 3d 19, 24 (CA1 2008) (recogniz-
ing that Wilburn Boat applies only to "inherently local" dis-
putes ). Litigants and
courts should heed our instruction that general maritime law
applies in maritime contract disputes unless they "so impli-
cate local interests as to beckon interpretation by state law."
Norfolk Southern, 543 U. S., at 27. Wilburn Boat reaches
no further.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 601 U. S. Part 2
Pages 377 -- 415

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
May 9, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2023 377

Syllabus

CULLEY et al. v. MARSHALL, ATTORNEY
GENERAL OF ALABAMA, et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the eleventh circuit
No. 22 -- 585. Argued October 30, 2023 -- Decided May 9, 2024
Petitioner Halima Culley loaned her car to her son, who was later pulled
over by Alabama police offcers and arrested for possession of mari-
juana. Petitioner Lena Sutton loaned her car to a friend, who was
stopped by Alabama police and arrested for traffcking methamphet-
amine. In both cases, petitioners' cars were seized under an Alabama
civil forfeiture law that permitted seizure of a car "incident to an arrest"
so long as the State then "promptly" initiated a forfeiture case. Ala.
Code -- 2 -- 93(b)(1), (c). The State of Alabama fled forfeiture com-
plaints against Culley's and Sutton's cars just 10 and 13 days, respec-
tively, after their seizure. While their forfeiture proceedings were
pending, Culley and Sutton each fled purported class-action complaints
in federal court seeking money damages under 42 U. S. C., claim-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing that state offcials violated their due process rights by retaining
their cars during the forfeiture process without holding preliminary
hearings. In a consolidated appeal, the Eleventh Circuit affrmed the
dismissal of petitioners' claims, holding that a timely forfeiture hearing
affords claimants due process and that no separate preliminary hearing
is constitutionally required.
Held: In civil forfeiture cases involving personal property, the Due Proc-
ess Clause requires a timely forfeiture hearing but does not require a
separate preliminary hearing. Pp. 384 -- 393.
(a) Due process ordinarily requires States to provide notice and a
hearing before seizing real property. But States may immediately
seize personal property subject to civil forfeiture when the property (for
example, a car) otherwise could be removed, destroyed, or concealed
before a forfeiture hearing. When a State seizes personal property, due
process requires a timely post-seizure forfeiture hearing. See United
States v. Von Neumann, -- 250; United States v. $8,850,
-- 565.
The Court's decisions in $8,850 and Von Neumann make crystal clear
that due process does not require a separate preliminary hearing to
determine whether seized personal property may be retained pending
the ultimate forfeiture hearing. In $8,850, the Court addressed the
process due when the Customs Service seized currency from an individ-
378 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Syllabus

ual entering the United States but did not immediately fle for civil
forfeiture of the currency. The Court concluded that a post-seizure
delay "may become so prolonged that the dispossessed property owner
has been deprived of a meaningful hearing at a meaningful time," 461
U. S., at 562 -- 563, and prescribed factors for courts to consider in assess-
ing whether a forfeiture hearing is timely. Id., at 564 -- 565. In Von
Neumann, a property owner failed to declare the purchase of his new
car upon driving it into the United States, and a customs offcial seized
the car after determining that it was subject to civil forfeiture. The
plaintiff fled a petition for remission of the forfeiture -- in essence, a
request under federal law that the Government exercise its discretion
to forgive the forfeiture -- which the Government did not answer for
36 days. The plaintiff sued, arguing that the Government's delay in
answering the remission petition violated due process. The Court re-
jected that claim, broadly holding that due process did not require a
pre-forfeiture-hearing remission procedure in the frst place. See 474
U. S., at 249 -- 250. Instead, Von Neumann held that a timely forfeiture
hearing satisfes due process in civil forfeiture cases, and that $8,850
specifes the standard for when a forfeiture hearing is timely.
Petitioners' argument for a separate preliminary hearing appears to

Page Proof Pending Publication
be a backdoor argument for a more timely forfeiture hearing to allow a
property owner with a good defense to recover her property quickly.
But the Court's precedents already require a timely hearing, and a prop-
erty owner can raise $8,850-based arguments to ensure a timely hearing.
Petitioners' efforts to distinguish Von Neumann on the ground that the
statutory remission procedure in that case was discretionary fail be-
cause that fact played no role in the Court's constitutional analysis.
Petitioners also cannot distinguish the relevant language in Von Neu-
mann as dicta, as the Court ruled for the Government on the ground
that a timely "forfeiture proceeding, without more, provides the postsei-
zure hearing required by due process" in civil forfeiture cases. 474
U. S., at 249. Similarly, petitioners' contention that Mathews v. El-
dridge, should govern petitioners' request for a prelimi-
nary hearing fails given that this Court decided $8,850 and Von
Neumann after Mathews.
In addition, petitioners point to the Court's Fourth Amendment deci-
sions in the criminal context to support their contention that a prelimi-
nary hearing is required in the civil forfeiture context. That analogy
fails. Fourth Amendment hearings are not adversarial, and address
only whether probable cause supports the arrestee's detention. See
Gerstein v. Pugh, -- 122. Here, petitioners argue that
 Cite as: (2024) 379

Syllabus

the immediate seizure of personal property requires adversarial prelimi-
nary hearings, and they assert that those hearings must address their
affrmative defense of innocent ownership. But the Due Process Clause
does not require more extensive preliminary procedures for the tempo-
rary retention of property than for the temporary restraint of persons.
Pp. 384 -- 390.
(b) Historical practice reinforces the Court's conclusions in $8,850 and
Von Neumann that due process does not require preliminary hearings
in civil forfeiture cases. Since the Founding era, many federal and
state statutes have authorized the Government to seize personal prop-
erty and hold it pending a forfeiture hearing, without a separate prelimi-
nary hearing. Petitioners and their amici do not identify any federal
or state statutes that, before the late 20th century, required preliminary
hearings in civil forfeiture cases. Some States have recently enacted
laws requiring preliminary hearings in civil forfeiture cases, but those
recent laws do not support a constitutional mandate for preliminary
hearings in every State. History demonstrates that both Congress and
the States have long authorized law enforcement to seize personal prop-
erty and hold it until a forfeiture hearing. The absence of separate
preliminary hearings in civil forfeiture proceedings -- from the Founding
until the late 20th century -- is weighty evidence that due process does
Page Proof Pending Publication
not require such hearings. Pp. 390 -- 392.
Affrmed.

Kavanaugh, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Thomas, Alito, Gorsuch, and Barrett, JJ., joined. Gorsuch,
J., fled a concurring opinion, in which Thomas, J., joined, post, p. 393.
Sotomayor, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Kagan and Jackson,
JJ., joined, post, p. 403.

Shay Dvoretzky argued the cause for petitioners. With
him on the briefs were Parker Rider-Longmaid, Kyser
Blakely, Jeremy Patashnik, and Brian M. Clark.
Edmund G. LaCour, Jr., Solicitor General of Alabama, ar-
gued the cause for respondents. With him on the brief were
Steve Marshall, Attorney General, pro se, Robert M. Over-
ing, Deputy Solicitor General, Brad A. Chynoweth, Assistant
Chief Deputy Attorney General, and Brenton M. Smith, As-
sistant Attorney General. Ed R. Haden, Michael P. Taun-
ton, Thomas O. Gaillard, III, William W. Watts, III, and
380 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Opinion of the Court

H. Edgar Howard fled a brief for respondents City of Sat-
suma, Alabama, et al.
Nicole Frazer Reaves argued the cause for the United
States as amicus curiae urging affrmance. With her on the
brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Acting Assistant At-
torney General Argentieri, Principal Deputy Assistant At-
torney General Boynton, Deputy Solicitor General Feigin,
Ann O'Connell Adams, and Sarah Carroll.*

Justice Kavanaugh delivered the opinion of the Court.
When police seize and then seek civil forfeiture of a car
that was used to commit a drug offense, the Constitution
requires a timely forfeiture hearing. The question here is
whether the Constitution also requires a separate prelimi-
nary hearing to determine whether the police may retain the

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the American
Page Proof
Civil Liberties Union et al.Pending Publication
by Abram J. Pafford, John W. Whitehead,
David D. Cole, and Jay R. Schweikert; for the Buckeye Institute by Jay
R. Carson and David C. Tryon; for the Constitutional Accountability Cen-
ter by Elizabeth B. Wydra, Brianne J. Gorod, and Brian R. Frazelle; for
the Goldwater Institute et al. by Timothy Sandefur, Deborah J. La Fetra,
and Ilya Shapiro; for the Institute for Justice et al. by Robert Johnson;
and for the Legal Aid Society by Thomas M. O'Brien, Corey Stoughton,
and Philip Desgranges.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
Georgia et al. by Christopher M. Carr, Attorney General of Georgia, and
Stephen J. Petrany, Solicitor General, and by the Attorneys General for
their respective States as follows: Treg Taylor of Alaska, Tim Griffn of
Arkansas, Raúl Labrador of Idaho, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Austin
Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, John M. Formella
of New Hampshire, Gentner Drummond of Oklahoma, Michelle A. Henry
of Pennsylvania, Alan Wilson of South Carolina, Marty Jackley of South
Dakota, and Jonathan Skrmetti of Tennessee; for Wayne County, Michi-
gan, by Davidde A. Stella; and for the International Municipal Lawyers
Association et al. by Gilbert C. Dickey.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the National Federation of Inde-
pendent Business Small Business Legal Center, Inc., by Elizabeth Gaudio
Milito; and for Restore the Fourth, Inc., by Mahesha P. Subbaraman.
 Cite as: (2024) 381

Opinion of the Court

car pending the forfeiture hearing. This Court's precedents
establish that the answer is no: The Constitution requires a
timely forfeiture hearing; the Constitution does not also re-
quire a separate preliminary hearing.

I
Halima Culley loaned her car to her college-aged son. On
February 17, 2019, police offcers in Satsuma, Alabama,
stopped the car while the son was driving, and the offcers
discovered marijuana and a loaded handgun in the car. The
offcers arrested Culley's son and charged him with possess-
ing marijuana. The offcers also seized the car incident to
the arrest.
At about the same time in 2019, Lena Sutton loaned her
car to a friend. On February 21, 2019, police offcers in
Leesburg, Alabama, stopped the car while Sutton's friend
was driving, and the offcers discovered a large amount of
Page Proof Pending Publication
methamphetamine in the car. The offcers arrested Sutton's
friend and charged him with traffcking methamphetamine
and possessing drug paraphernalia. The offcers also seized
the car incident to the arrest.
At the time of the seizures of the two cars, Alabama law
authorized the civil forfeiture of a car used to commit or facil-
itate a drug crime. See Ala. Code -- 2 -- 93(a)(5) (2015).
Offcers could seize the car "incident to an arrest" so long as
the State then "promptly" initiated a forfeiture case. -- 
2 -- 93(b)(1), (c). In the interim before the forfeiture hearing,
the car's owner could recover it by posting bond at double
the car's value. See -- 2 -- 93(h); -- 4 -- 287 (2013). At
the forfeiture hearing, the owner could prevail and recover
the car under Alabama's "affrmative defense" for "innocent
owners of property subject to forfeiture." Wallace v. State,
229 So. 3d 1108, 1110 (Ala. Civ. App. 2017). That defense
required the owner to show that the owner lacked knowledge
of the car's connection to the drug crime. See Ala. Code
-- 2 -- 93(h) (2015).
382 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Opinion of the Court

The State of Alabama fled a forfeiture complaint against
Culley's car on February 27, 2019, just 10 days after the sei-
zure of the car. But Culley waited six months before an-
swering that complaint. And she waited another year -- 
until September 21, 2020 -- before raising an innocent owner
defense in a motion for summary judgment. Soon thereaf-
ter, on October 30, 2020, an Alabama state court granted
Culley's motion and ordered the return of her car.
Sutton similarly moved slowly in her forfeiture proceed-
ing. Alabama brought a forfeiture case against Sutton's car
on March 6, 2019, just 13 days after the seizure of the car.
Sutton initially failed to appear in the case, causing the state
court to enter a default judgment for Alabama. Sutton later
requested that the state court set aside that judgment, and
the state court did so. Sutton then submitted a brief answer
and served discovery requests on Alabama, but Sutton other-
wise took no action until the state court set a date for the
Page Proof Pending Publication
forfeiture trial. On April 10, 2020, three weeks before the
scheduled trial date, Sutton fnally moved for summary judg-
ment on the ground that she was an innocent owner. Soon
thereafter, on May 28, 2020, the state court granted her mo-
tion, and she recovered her car.
While those forfeiture cases were ongoing, Culley and Sut-
ton fled purported class-action complaints in federal court.
Culley sued in the U. S. District Court for the Southern Dis-
trict of Alabama. Sutton sued in the U. S. District Court
for the Northern District of Alabama. Both sought money
damages under 42 U. S. C., claiming that the state of-
fcials violated their due process rights by retaining their
cars during the forfeiture process without holding prelimi-
nary hearings. Culley and Sutton argued that a preliminary
hearing (also referred to as a retention hearing) is required
under the Mathews v. Eldridge due process test, which bal-
ances the private interests at stake, the value of added pro-
cedures, and the burdens on the government from the added
procedures. See -- 335 (1976).
 Cite as: (2024) 383

Opinion of the Court

The District Court for the Southern District of Alabama
dismissed Culley's complaint. Culley v. Marshall, Civ. Ac-
tion No. 19 -- 701 (Sept. 29, 2021), App. to Pet. for Cert. 58a.
Relying on this Court's decisions in United States v. $8,850,
(1983), and United States v. Von Neumann, (1986), the District Court held that due process
requires a timely forfeiture hearing but not a separate pre-
liminary hearing. See App. to Pet. for Cert. 44a -- 46a. The
District Court then assessed the timeliness of Culley's for-
feiture hearing under the four-factor test set forth in $8,850,
which looks to (i) the length of the delay of the forfeiture
hearing, (ii) the reason for the delay, (iii) whether the claim-
ant requested a timely hearing, and (iv) whether the delay
was prejudicial. See id., at 46a -- 47a. The District Court concluded that Culley's for-
feiture hearing was timely under those factors because she
played a "signifcant role" in delaying her own case. App.
Page Proof Pending Publication
to Pet. for Cert. 47a.
The District Court for the Northern District of Alabama
similarly entered summary judgment against Sutton on her
due process claim. Sutton v. Leesburg, Civ. Action No. 20 -- 
91 (Sept. 13, 2021), App. to Pet. for Cert. 71a. The District
Court determined that Sutton's claim depended on whether
she received a timely forfeiture hearing within the meaning
of $8,850. See id., at 66a -- 70a. The District Court ruled
that Sutton's forfeiture hearing was timely and satisfed due
process, in part because Sutton never asked for an earlier
hearing. See id., at 70a -- 71a.
The U. S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit consol-
idated the two cases and affrmed. Culley v. Attorney Gen-
eral, No. 21 -- 13805 etc. (July 11, 2022), App. to Pet. for Cert.
1a -- 2a. The Court of Appeals agreed with the two district
courts that a timely forfeiture hearing affords claimants due
process and that no separate preliminary hearing is constitu-
tionally required. See id., at 6a -- 8a. The Court of Appeals
rested its conclusion on circuit precedent, which in turn re-
384 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Opinion of the Court

lied on this Court's decisions in $8,850 and Von Neumann.
See ibid.
Because of a conflict in the Courts of Appeals over
whether the Constitution requires a preliminary hearing in
civil forfeiture cases, this Court granted certiorari. See (2023). Compare App. to Pet. for Cert. 6a -- 8a
with Ingram v. Wayne County, 81 F. 4th 603, 620 (CA6 2023);
Krimstock v. Kelly, 306 F. 3d 40, 44 (CA2 2002).1

II
Under the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amend-
ment as interpreted by this Court, States ordinarily may not
seize real property before providing notice and a hearing.
See United States v. James Daniel Good Real Property, (1993). But States may immediately seize per-
sonal property (for example, a car) that is subject to civil
forfeiture when the property otherwise could be removed,
Page Proof Pending Publication
destroyed, or concealed before a forfeiture hearing. See
Calero-Toledo v. Pearson Yacht Leasing Co., -- 680 (1974).
When States seize and seek civil forfeiture of personal
property, due process requires a timely post-seizure forfeit-
ure hearing. See United States v. Von Neumann, -- 250 (1986); United States v. $8,850, -- 565 (1983). In this case, petitioners Culley and Sutton
do not challenge the timeliness of their forfeiture hearings.
Rather, they argue that the Due Process Clause requires

1
Before the entry of judgment by the Court of Appeals, Alabama
amended its forfeiture laws to allow an innocent owner to request an "ex-
pedited hearing" "at any time after seizure of property and before entry
of a conviction" in a "related criminal case." Ala. Code -- 5 -- 63(3)
(2018); -- 2 -- 93(l) (Cum. Supp. 2023); see also Ala. Act 2021 -- 497 (effective
Jan. 1, 2022). That amendment did not moot this case because Culley's
and Sutton's requested relief includes money damages against the munici-
palities of Satsuma and Leesburg. See Culley v. Attorney General, No.
21 -- 13805 etc., App. to Pet. for Cert. 6a.
 Cite as: (2024) 385

Opinion of the Court

States to also hold a separate preliminary hearing before the
forfeiture hearing.
A
Culley and Sutton argue that a preliminary hearing is con-
stitutionally necessary to determine whether States may re-
tain seized personal property pending the ultimate forfeiture
hearing. As petitioners envision it, the preliminary hearing
would focus on the " `probable validity' " of the forfeiture.
Krimstock v. Kelly, 306 F. 3d 40, 48 (CA2 2002) ). The
preliminary hearing would be adversarial, the parties could
introduce evidence and cross-examine witnesses, and prop-
erty owners could raise affrmative defenses, including inno-
cent ownership. In essence, the preliminary hearing would
be an earlier version of the forfeiture hearing itself.
Alabama and its amici, including the United States, dis-
agree. They argue that a preliminary hearing is not consti-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tutionally required. To begin, they emphasize that most
States and the Federal Government do not currently provide
preliminary hearings in civil forfeiture cases. So requiring
a preliminary hearing as a matter of constitutional dictate
would necessitate a major change in the States' and the Fed-
eral Government's longstanding practices. Alabama and its
amici also contend that a property owner's post-seizure
rights are already protected by the constitutional require-
ment that the forfeiture hearing be timely. They further
assert that requiring a "hearing before a hearing" in every
case, as petitioners want, would interfere with important
law-enforcement activities that must occur after the seizure
and before the forfeiture hearing -- including identifying and
contacting potential claimants of the property; coordinating
forfeiture proceedings with related criminal investigations
and prosecutions; and ensuring that property is not removed,
destroyed, or put to illegal use before the forfeiture hearing.
Ultimately, we need not reweigh the competing due proc-
ess arguments advanced by the parties because this Court's
386 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Opinion of the Court

decisions in United States v. $8,850, (1983), and
United States v. Von Neumann, (1986), already
resolved the issue. After a State seizes and seeks civil for-
feiture of personal property, due process requires a timely
forfeiture hearing but does not require a separate prelimi-
nary hearing.
The dispute in $8,850 arose when the Customs Service
seized currency from an individual entering the United
States, but then waited before fling for civil forfeiture of the
currency. See 461 U. S., at 558 -- 561. The property owner
argued that the delay violated due process. See id., at 562.
This Court concluded that a post-seizure delay "may be-
come so prolonged that the dispossessed property owner has
been deprived of a meaningful hearing at a meaningful
time." Id., at 562 -- 563. The Court elaborated that timeli-
ness in civil forfeiture cases must be assessed by "analog[iz-
ing]... to a defendant's right to a speedy trial" and consider-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing four factors: the length of the delay, the reason for the
delay, whether the property owner asserted his rights, and
whether the delay was prejudicial. Id., at 564 ). Those factors are ap-
propriate guides in the civil forfeiture context, the Court ex-
plained, because the factors ensure that "the fexible require-
ments of due process have been met." 461 U. S., at 564 -- 565.
In Von Neumann, the Court addressed whether a timely
forfeiture hearing, without more, provides the process that
is due in civil forfeiture cases. See 474 U. S., at 249 -- 251.
The property owner there failed to declare the purchase of
his new car upon driving it into the United States. See id.,
at 245. A customs offcial determined that the car was sub-
ject to civil forfeiture and seized it. See ibid. The plaintiff
fled a petition for remission of the forfeiture -- in essence, a
request under federal law that the Federal Government ex-
ercise its discretion to forgive the forfeiture. See id., at
245 -- 246. The Government did not respond to that petition
for 36 days. See id., at 246. The plaintiff sued, arguing
 Cite as: (2024) 387

Opinion of the Court

that the Government's 36-day delay in answering the remis-
sion petition violated due process. See id., at 246 -- 247.
Justice Brennan's opinion for the Court broadly held that
due process did not require a pre-forfeiture-hearing remis-
sion procedure in the frst place. See id., at 249 -- 251. Cit-
ing $8,850, the Court ruled that a timely "forfeiture proceed-
ing, without more, provides the postseizure hearing required
by due process" to protect the plaintiff 's "property interest
in the car." 474 U. S., at 249. The Court explained that the
plaintiff 's "right to a forfeiture proceeding" that meets the
$8,850 timeliness test "satisfes any due process right with
respect to the car." 474 U. S., at 251. A separate remission
hearing is not "constitutionally required." Id., at 250.2
This Court's decisions in $8,850 and Von Neumann resolve
this case. As the Court stated in Von Neumann, a timely
forfeiture hearing "satisfes any due process right" with re-
spect to a "car" that has been seized for civil forfeiture. 474
U. S., at 251; see also id., at 249. The Due Process Clause
Page Proof Pending Publication
does not require a separate preliminary hearing.3
Culley and Sutton's argument for a separate preliminary
hearing appears in many respects to be a backdoor argument
for a more timely hearing so that a property owner with a
good defense against forfeiture can recover her property
more quickly. But the Court's precedents already require a
timely hearing, and a property owner can of course raise
$8,850-based arguments in an individual case to ensure a
timely hearing.
2
At oral argument in Von Neumann, Justice O'Connor asked the United
States whether the "forfeiture proceeding itself provides all the process
that's due" to protect the "property interest in the car." Tr. of Oral Arg.
in United States v. Von Neumann, O. T. 1985, No. 84 -- 1144, p. 18. The
United States answered, "that is our position." Ibid.; see also id., at 26 -- 
27. The Court subsequently agreed with that position. See Von Neu-
mann, 474 U. S., at 249 -- 251.
3
In this opinion, we do not address any due process issues related to
civil forfeiture other than the question about a separate preliminary
hearing.
388 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Opinion of the Court

Culley and Sutton (echoed by the dissent here) try to
brush aside Von Neumann on the ground that the statutory
remission procedure in that case was discretionary. See 474
U. S., at 244, and ); see also post, at 410 -- 411 (Sotomayor, J., dissenting).
But the discretionary nature of the remission procedure
played no role in the Court's constitutional analysis. See
474 U. S., at 249 -- 251. Culley and Sutton also try to charac-
terize the language in Von Neumann as dicta. We disagree.
The Court ruled for the Government in Von Neumann on
the ground that a timely "forfeiture proceeding, without
more, provides the postseizure hearing required by due proc-
ess" in civil forfeiture cases. Id., at 249. No separate pre-
liminary hearing is constitutionally required.
Culley and Sutton also contend that Mathews v. Eldridge
should be the test for deciding when additional process is
due and that, under Mathews, a preliminary hearing would
Page Proof Pending Publication
be required in civil forfeiture cases. (1976).
But this Court decided $8,850 and Von Neumann after Ma-
thews, yet in those two cases, the Court did not apply the
Mathews test. In any event, there is no good reason to
think that the Mathews balancing test would yield a differ-
ent result here. A timely forfeiture hearing protects the
interests of both the claimant and the government. And an
additional preliminary hearing of the kind sought by peti-
tioners would interfere with the government's important
law-enforcement activities in the period after the seizure and
before the forfeiture hearing.
In arguing that the Constitution requires a preliminary
hearing, Culley and Sutton also point to this Court's Fourth
Amendment decisions in the criminal context. That analogy
is fawed. The Fourth Amendment requires that any person
who is arrested without a warrant be brought before a neu-
tral magistrate within 48 hours, absent extraordinary cir-
cumstances. See County of Riverside v. McLaughlin, 56 -- 57 (1991). But the Fourth Amendment hear-
 Cite as: (2024) 389

Opinion of the Court

ings are not adversarial, and they address only whether
probable cause supports the arrestee's detention. See
Gerstein v. Pugh, -- 122 (1975). Here, Cul-
ley and Sutton do not request a mere probable cause hearing
of the kind described in Gerstein. Rather, they argue that
the immediate seizure of property requires adversarial pre-
liminary hearings, and they assert that those hearings must
address their "affrmative defense" of innocent ownership.
Wallace v. State, 229 So. 3d 1108, 1110 (Ala. Civ. App. 2017).
Culley and Sutton therefore contend that the Due Process
Clause requires more extensive preliminary procedures for
the temporary retention of property than for the temporary
restraint of persons. The Due Process Clause does not de-
mand that incongruity. See United States v. Monsanto, -- 616 (1989).
Finally, the dissent here relies heavily on United States v.
James Daniel Good Real Property,. See post,
Page Proof Pending Publication
at 412. There, this Court held that the government must
ordinarily provide notice and a hearing before seizing real
property that is subject to civil forfeiture. See 510 U. S., at
62. The Court emphasized that real property, unlike per-
sonal property, "can be neither moved nor concealed" during
the forfeiture process. Id., at 52 -- 53; see also id., at 56 -- 57.
That case did not purport to disturb the rule that the govern-
ment may seize and retain personal property, such as a car,
that is subject to civil forfeiture when the property other-
wise could be removed, destroyed, or concealed before a for-
feiture hearing. See id., at 57. And more to the point, that case did not alter
Von Neumann's holding that a timely forfeiture hearing pro-
vides the process that is due following the immediate seizure
of personal property.
In sum, Von Neumann held that a timely forfeiture hear-
ing satisfes due process in civil forfeiture cases, and $8,850
specifed the standard for when forfeiture hearings are
timely. Culley and Sutton have not asked the Court to dis-
390 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Opinion of the Court

card those precedents in this case. And those precedents
make crystal clear that due process does not require a sepa-
rate preliminary hearing before the forfeiture hearing.

B
Historical practice reinforces the holdings of $8,850 and
Von Neumann that due process does not require preliminary
hearings in civil forfeiture cases.
Since the Founding era, statutes have authorized the Gov-
ernment to seize personal property and hold it pending a
forfeiture hearing, without a separate preliminary hearing.
For example, the frst federal forfeiture law, the Collection
Act of 1789, authorized the civil forfeiture of ships, goods,
and merchandise involved in suspected violations of the cus-
toms laws. See, e. g., Act of July 31, 1789, ch. 5, 22 -- 
24, 34, 1 Stat. 29, 39, 42 -- 43, 46; see generally C. Nelson, The
Constitutionality of Civil Forfeiture, 125 Yale L. J. 2446,
Page Proof Pending Publication
2464 -- 2466 (2016). The Act's forfeiture process began with
the seizure of property by a customs collector. See, e. g., 1 Stat. 43. The collector then fled a forfeiture action,
which a court would "hear and determine... according to
law.", id., at 47. While that action was pending, the
seized property could "remain in the custody of the collec-
tor.", id., at 43. A claimant could also recover the
property on bond. See, id., at 47.
The Collection Act did not require a separate preliminary
hearing before the forfeiture hearing. Rather, the forfeit-
ure "trial" supplied the opportunity for the property owner
to challenge the collector's case. Ibid.
In 1790 and 1799, Congress revised and reenacted the Col-
lection Act. See Act of Mar. 2, 1799, ch. 22, 1 Stat. 627; Act
of Aug. 4, 1790, ch. 35, 1 Stat. 145. The revised versions of
the Act contained similar forfeiture provisions and likewise
lacked anything resembling a separate preliminary hearing.
See, e. g., Act of Mar. 2, 1799, 89, 1 Stat. 678, 695 -- 696;
Act of Aug. 4, 1790, 67, 1 Stat. 170, 176 -- 177.
 Cite as: (2024) 391

Opinion of the Court

Many state forfeiture statutes from the Founding period
similarly did not require a preliminary hearing before the
forfeiture hearing. See, e. g., Act of Apr. 11, 1787, ch. 81, in
2 Laws of the State of New York Passed at the Sessions of
the Legislature Held in the Years 1785, 1786, 1787 and 1788,
Inclusive, pp. 514 -- 515, 517 -- 520 (1886); Act of Oct. 1785,
ch. 14, in 12 The Statutes at Large; Being a Collection of All
the Laws of Virginia, from the First Session of the Legisla-
ture, in the Year 1619, pp. 46 -- 47 (1823). For example, a
New York customs statute from that era provided that a
property owner could recover his seized goods by either pre-
vailing at a forfeiture "trial" or executing a "bond" for an
appraised amount. Act of Apr. 11, 1787, at 517 -- 518. The
statute did not allow property owners to challenge the valid-
ity of the seizure through a separate preliminary hearing or
any similar procedure. See id., at 517 -- 520.
In addition, when the Fourteenth Amendment was ratifed
Page Proof Pending Publication
in 1868, Congress did not require preliminary hearings. In
1864, for example, Congress provided that goods seized
under a new revenue law should "remain" in the "care and
custody" of the government "until fnal judgment" in a for-
feiture trial. Act of Mar. 7, 1864, ch. 20, 13 Stat. 14, 15.
Although that revenue law provided for bond, it did not
grant property owners a right to preliminary hearings. See
ibid. Similarly, in 1866, Congress required that goods and
vessels seized under a new customs law "remain in the cus-
tody" of a customs offcial pending "adjudication by the
proper tribunal." Act of July 18, 1866, ch. 201, 14 Stat.
178, 186.
Many state forfeiture laws from around the time of the
Fourteenth Amendment likewise did not provide for a pre-
liminary hearing. For example, a New Hampshire statute
required that a state offcial "detain" personal property that
was seized for civil forfeiture until the property was "legally
disposed of " through either bond or a forfeiture trial. The
General Statutes of the State of New-Hampshire, ch. 249,
392 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Opinion of the Court, 6 -- 7, pp. 503 -- 504 (1867). Likewise, a Vermont statute
authorized the seizure of liquor that was intended for sale,
required the seizing offcer to "keep" the liquor "until fnal
action is had thereon," and limited the conditions in which
a claimant could recover the liquor. The Revised Laws of
Vermont, 1880, p. 738 (1881); see, id., at 740.
Petitioners and their amici do not identify any federal or
state statutes that, before the late 20th century, required
preliminary hearings in civil forfeiture cases. To be sure,
some States have recently enacted laws requiring prelimi-
nary hearings in civil forfeiture cases. See, e. g., Ala. Act
2021 -- 497, p. 9; 2021 Minn. Laws pp. 2064 -- 2065; 2017 Ill. Laws
pp. 6854 -- 6855; 2017 Wis. Laws p. 815; 2012 Colo. Sess. Laws
pp. 856 -- 857; 2001 N. C. Sess. Laws p. 1159. But those re-
cent laws do not support a constitutional mandate for prelim-
inary hearings in every State.
In short, both Congress and the States have long author-
ized law enforcement to seize personal property and hold it
Page Proof Pending Publication
until a forfeiture hearing. The absence of separate prelimi-
nary hearings in civil forfeiture proceedings -- from the
Founding until the late 20th century -- is weighty evidence
that due process does not require such hearings. Cf. United
States v. Ursery, 287 -- 288 (1996); Bennis v.
Michigan, -- 448 (1996); Calero-Toledo, 416
U. S., at 680 -- 690. The historical practice in civil forfeiture
proceedings thus reinforces $8,850 and Von Neumann: In
civil forfeiture cases involving personal property such as
cars, the Due Process Clause requires a timely forfeiture
hearing but does not require a preliminary hearing.

* * *
To balance the interests of the government and individuals
in civil forfeiture cases involving personal property, the
States and Congress have adopted a wide variety of ap-
proaches. For example, some States require that the for-
feiture hearing occur within a fxed period of time. Others
 Cite as: (2024) 393

Gorsuch, J., concurring

require a jury trial. Still others condition civil forfeiture on
a successful criminal prosecution. And a few now require
preliminary hearings. See Brief for State of Georgia et al.
as Amici Curiae 5 -- 21.
Our decision today does not preclude those legislatively
prescribed innovations. Rather, our decision simply ad-
dresses the baseline protection of the Due Process Clause.
In civil forfeiture cases, the Due Process Clause requires
a timely forfeiture hearing, but does not require a separate
preliminary hearing. We affrm the judgment of the U. S.
Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit.
It is so ordered.

Justice Gorsuch, with whom Justice Thomas joins,
concurring.
I agree with the Court that, at a minimum, the Due Proc-
ess Clause requires a prompt hearing in civil forfeiture cases.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Ante, at 384. I agree that no legal authority presented to
us indicates a prompt hearing must necessarily take the form
Ms. Culley and Ms. Sutton suppose. Ante, at 385 -- 386. I
agree, too, that Mathews v. Eldridge, (1976),
does not teach otherwise. Ante, at 388. Under its terms,
judges balance "the private and governmental interests at
stake," Mathews, 424 U. S., at 340, to determine "what proce-
dures the government must observe" when it seeks to with-
hold "benefts" "such as welfare or Social Security," Nelson
v. Colorado, (2017) (Alito, J., concurring
in judgment). That test does not control -- and we do not
afford any particular solicitude to "governmental inter-
ests" -- in cases like this one where the government seeks to
deprive an individual of her private property. But if all that
leads me to join today's decision, I also agree with the dissent
that this case leaves many larger questions unresolved about
whether, and to what extent, contemporary civil forfeiture
practices can be squared with the Constitution's promise of
due process. I write separately to highlight some of them.
394 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Gorsuch, J., concurring

I
The facts of this case are worth pausing over because they
are typical of many. Halima Culley, a Georgia resident,
bought a 2015 Nissan Altima for her son to use while he was
away studying at the University of South Alabama. App.
58, ¶¶22 -- 24. The car belongs to her and she pays for its
registration and insurance. Ibid., ¶¶25 -- 26. The plan was
for her son to bring the car home during the summer for
the family to share. Id., at 60, ¶37. But before that could
happen, a police offcer in Alabama pulled her son over and
arrested him for possessing marijuana and drug parapherna-
lia. Id., at 59, ¶27. The offcer also took the car. Ibid.,
¶28. Eventually, law enforcement offcials learned that the
Nissan belonged to Ms. Culley, not her son. But instead of
returning it, they initiated civil forfeiture proceedings in the
hope of keeping the vehicle permanently. Ibid., ¶¶30 -- 33.
It took a lawsuit and a 20-month wait for the car to make its
Page Proof Pending Publication
way back to her. App. to Pet. for Cert. 3a.
For Alabama, this was business as usual. Often, the
State's law enforcement agencies may take and keep private
property without a warrant or any other form of prior proc-
ess. Ala. Code -- 2 -- 93(d) (Cum. Supp. 2023). Instead,
only after taking the property must the agency fle a civil
forfeiture action in court. Once there, the agency need
present only a "prima facie" case that the property in
question represents proceeds "traceable" to a drug crime or
property used to "facilitate" one. -- 2 -- 93(b)(3), (b)(5);
Ex parte McConathy, 911 So. 2d 677, 681 (Ala. 2005). If the
agency proves just that much, the burden sometimes shifts
to the property's owner to prove she was an "innocent
owner" who did not know about or consent to the conduct
that caused the property to be taken. -- 2 -- 93(w), (a)(4).
Should the agency prevail in the end, it may keep the
property for its own use or sell it and keep the money.
-- 2 -- 93(s).
 Cite as: (2024) 395

Gorsuch, J., concurring

Laws like Alabama's exist in many States and at the fed-
eral level. But as commonplace as these civil forfeiture laws
may be, most are pretty new. As part of the War on Drugs,
in the 1970s and 1980s Congress began enacting sweeping
new civil forfeiture statutes allowing the government to
seize and keep the proceeds of drug crimes and the personal
property used to facilitate them. See S. Cassella, Asset
Forfeiture Law in the United States -- 4, p. 48 (3d ed. 2022).
Since then, the federal government has extended similar civil
forfeiture rules to most federal offenses. Id., at 49. Today,
it appears, "[w]hite-collar and frearms crimes" now "ac-
coun[t] for larger shares of all [federal] forfeitures than drug
crimes." L. Knepper, J. McDonald, K. Sanchez, & E. Pohl,
Policing for Proft: The Abuse of Civil Asset Forfeiture 26
(3d ed. 2020) (Knepper). Following the federal govern-
ment's lead, many States have adopted similar laws of their
own. See id., at 170 -- 185.
Page Proof Pending Publication
These new laws have altered law enforcement practices
across the Nation in profound ways. My dissenting col-
leagues catalogue a number of examples, see post, at 405 -- 
408 (opinion of Sotomayor, J.), but consider just a few here.
To secure a criminal penalty like a fne, disgorgement of ille-
gal profts, or restitution, the government must comply with
strict procedural rules and prove the defendant's guilt be-
yond a reasonable doubt. In re Winship, 
(1970). In civil forfeiture, however, the government can
simply take the property and later proceed to court to earn
the right to keep it under a far more forgiving burden of
proof. See Knepper 39. In part thanks to this asymmetry,
civil forfeiture has become a booming business. In 2018,
federal forfeitures alone brought in $2.5 billion. Id., at 15.
Meanwhile, according to some reports, these days "up to 80%
of civil forfeitures are not accompanied by a criminal convic-
tion." Brief for Buckeye Institute as Amicus Curiae 14
(Buckeye Brief).
396 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Gorsuch, J., concurring

Law enforcement agencies have become increasingly de-
pendent on the money they raise from civil forfeitures. The
federal government shares a large portion of what it receives
with state and local law enforcement agencies that aid its
forfeiture efforts. Dept. of Justice & Dept. of Treasury,
Guide to Equitable Sharing for State, Local, and Tribal Law
Enforcement Agencies 3, 12 (Mar. 2024). At one time or an-
other, "[o]ver 90% of the agencies serving jurisdictions with
populations" above 250,000 have participated in this "equita-
ble sharing" scheme. E. Jensen & J. Gerber, The Civil For-
feiture of Assets and the War on Drugs: Expanding Criminal
Sanctions While Reducing Due Process Protections, 42
Crime & Delinquency 421, 425 (1996). And it seems that,
when local law enforcement budgets tighten, forfeiture activ-
ity often increases. B. Kelly, Fighting Crime or Raising
Revenue? Testing Opposing Views of Forfeiture 15 (2019).
Not only do law enforcement agencies have strong fnancial
Page Proof Pending Publication
incentives to pursue forfeitures, those incentives also appear
to infuence how they conduct them. Some agencies, for ex-
ample, reportedly place special emphasis on seizing low-
value items and relatively small amounts of cash, hopeful
their actions won't be contested because the cost of litigating
to retrieve the property may cost more than the value of
the property itself. See Knepper 9. Other agencies seem
to prioritize seizures they can monetize rather than those
they cannot, posing for example as drug dealers rather than
buyers so they can seize the buyer's cash rather than illicit
drugs that hold no value for law enforcement. See Buckeye
Brief 7 -- 8.
Delay can work to these agencies' advantage as well. See
Brief for Institute for Justice et al. as Amici Curiae 16.
Faced with the prospect of waiting months or years to secure
the return of a car or some other valuable piece of property
they need to work and live, even innocent owners sometimes
"settle" by "paying a fee to get it back." Knepper 36. Con-
tributing to the inducement to settle is how little proof the
 Cite as: (2024) 397

Gorsuch, J., concurring

agencies must produce to win forfeiture, the cost of liti-
gation, and the need to appear in court -- sometimes, as
Ms. Culley learned, in a different State. And if these tactics
and burdens work against all affected individuals, can it be
any surprise "the poor and other groups least able to defend
their interests" often suffer most? Leonard v. Texas, (2017) (statement of Thomas, J., respecting
denial of certiorari); see post, at 406 -- 407.

II
To my mind, the due process questions surrounding these
relatively new civil forfeiture practices are many. Start
with the most fundamental one. The Fifth and Fourteenth
Amendments guarantee that no government in this country
may take "life, liberty, or property, without due process of
law." As originally understood, this promise usually meant
that a government seeking to deprive an individual of her
Page Proof Pending Publication
property could do so only after a trial before a jury in which
it (not the individual) bore the burden of proof. See, e. g., 1
W. Blackstone, Commentaries on the Laws of England 134 -- 
135 (1765) (Blackstone); Vanhorne's Lessee v. Dorrance, 2
Dall. 304, 315 (CC Pa. 1795) (Paterson, J.); Wilkinson v.
Leland, 2 Pet. 627, 657 (1829) (Story, J.). So how is it that,
in civil forfeiture, the government may confscate property
frst and provide process later?
The answer, if there is one, turns on history. If, as a rule,
the Due Process Clauses require governments to conduct a
trial before taking property, some exceptions are just as
deeply rooted. And for just that reason, these exceptions,
too, may be consistent with the original meaning of the Fifth
and Fourteenth Amendments. As this Court has put it, "a
process of law... must be taken to be due process of law"
if it enjoys "the sanction of settled usage both in England
and in this country." Hurtado v. California, (1884); see, e. g., Murray's Lessee v. Hoboken Land &
Improvement Co., 18 How. 272, 278 -- 280 (1856).
398 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Gorsuch, J., concurring

But can contemporary civil forfeiture practices boast that
kind of pedigree? In Calero-Toledo v. Pearson Yacht Leas-
ing Co., (1974), this Court noted that English
and early American admiralty laws allowed the government
to seize a vessel involved in "piratical" or other maritime
offenses and later initiate postdeprivation civil forfeiture
proceedings. Id., at 684. The Court observed that similar
legal rules existed for cases involving "objects used in viola-
tion of the customs and revenue laws." Id., at 682; see also
K. Arlyck, The Founders' Forfeiture, 119 Colum. L. Rev.
1449, 1466 (2019). After emphasizing the existence of those
traditions, the Court proceeded to uphold the civil forfeiture
of a boat. Calero-Toledo, 416 U. S., at 682, 690. Later and
proceeding on much the same basis, the Court approved vari-
ous aspects of civil forfeiture practice in the context of cus-
toms enforcement actions. See United States v. $8,850, (1983); United States v. Von Neumann,
Page Proof Pending Publication, (1986).
These historical traditions suggest that postdeprivation
civil forfeiture processes in the discrete arenas of admiralty,
customs, and revenue law may satisfy the Constitution. But
as the Court stressed in Von Neumann, "the general rule"
remains that the government cannot " `seize a person's prop-
erty without a prior judicial determination that the seizure
is justifed.' " Id., at 249,. And it is far from clear to
me whether the postdeprivation practices historically toler-
ated inside the admiralty, customs, and revenue contexts
enjoy "the sanction of settled usage" outside them. Hur-
tado, 110 U. S., at 528.
The reasons for the law's traditionally permissive attitude
toward civil forfeiture in those three contexts may merit ex-
ploration, too. From a brief look, it seems they were some-
times justifed for reasons particular to their felds. In the
early Republic, for example, once a ship involved in viola-
tions of the Nation's piracy or customs laws slipped port for a
foreign destination, American courts often could not exercise
 Cite as: (2024) 399

Gorsuch, J., concurring

jurisdiction over it or its crew, let alone its owners. See R.
Waples, Proceedings in Rem, p. 22 (1882) (Waples). In
many instances, the law recognized that seizing the ship,
subject to postdeprivation procedures, represented "the only
adequate means of suppressing the offence or wrong, or in-
suring an indemnity to the injured party." Harmony v.
United States, 2 How. 210, 233 (1844) (Story, J.); see also 3
Blackstone 262 (1768) ( justifying civil forfeiture in customs
cases as necessary "to secure such forfeited goods for the
public use, though the offender himself had escaped the reach
of justice"). But if history sanctions that line of thinking,
it's hard not to wonder: How does any of that support the
use of civil forfeiture in so many cases today, where the gov-
ernment can secure personal jurisdiction over the wrong-
doer? And where seizing his property is not the only ade-
quate means of addressing his offense?
Even supposing some modern civil forfeiture regimes are
Page Proof Pending Publication
able to claim the sanction of history, I wonder whether all
their particulars might. In the past, it seems the govern-
ment could confscate only certain classes of property. So,
for example, admiralty statutes regularly authorized the
government to seize and pursue the civil forfeiture of "the
instrument[s] of the offence," say, a ship used to engage in
piracy. Smith v. Maryland, 18 How. 71, 75 (1855); see Har-
mony, 2 How., at 233. But statutes like that did not neces-
sarily mean forfeiture extended to the vessel's cargo, and
courts were loath to assume they did. Id., at 235. Today,
by contrast, civil forfeiture statutes routinely permit govern-
ments to confscate not just instruments used in an offense,
but other "facilitating" property as well. See supra, at 395.
(In this respect, Alabama's statute is again illustrative.)
And if that difference seems a small one, it is anything but:
It is the difference between being able to confscate the ma-
terials and equipment used to produce an illicit drug and
being able to confscate someone's car after he used it as the
site to conduct a single drug transaction as either buyer or
400 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Gorsuch, J., concurring

seller. See Austin v. United States, -- 
628 (1993) (Scalia, J., concurring in part and concurring in
judgment).
Even in the areas where the law tolerated civil forfeiture,
earlier generations tempered some of its harshest features.
Courts, for example, ordinarily entertained "overwhelming
necessity" as a defense to "the violation of revenue laws"
that might otherwise justify forfeiture. 1 J. Bishop, Com-
mentaries on the Criminal Law, p. 575 (1856) (Bishop);
see Peisch v. Ware, 4 Cranch 347, 363 (1808) (Marshall, C. J.)
("[A] forfeiture can only be applied to those cases in which
the means that are prescribed for the prevention of a forfeit-
ure may be employed"). Some statutes permitted the
owner to avoid forfeiture by proving that the violation "pro-
ceeded from accident or mistake." 1 Stat. 677; see United
States v. Nine Packages of Linen, 27 F. Cas. 154, 157
(No. 15,884) (CC NY 1818); Bishop, at 575; cf. 3 Stat. 183
Page Proof Pending Publication
(no forfeiture of goods from "bona fde purchaser"). Others
empowered the Treasury Secretary himself to afford the
same remedy -- and evidence suggests offcials "were exceed-
ingly liberal in their use of the... power, granting relief
in the overwhelming majority of cases presented to them."
Arlyck, 119 Colum. L. Rev., at 1487; see also The Laura, -- 415 (1885). These days, meanwhile, many
civil forfeiture statutes lack some or all of these mitigating
features. I acknowledge that this Court has suggested an
innocent owner defense is not always constitutionally re-
quired. Bennis v. Michigan, (1996); see
id., at 455 -- 457 (Thomas, J., concurring) (discussing limits to
the Court's holding); id., at 457 -- 458 (Ginsburg, J., concurring)
(same). But even putting that debate aside, what of early
forfeiture's other ameliorative attributes?
It appears, too, that time was often of the essence in tradi-
tional civil forfeiture practice. So, for example, an early fed-
eral statute permitting forfeiture for nonpayment of internal
duties "enjoined" the "collector" "to cause suits for [forfeit-
 Cite as: (2024) 401

Gorsuch, J., concurring

ure] to be commenced without delay, and prosecuted to ef-
fect." 3 Stat. 242. In an admiralty case, Chief Justice Mar-
shall remarked, "If the seizing offcer should refuse to
institute proceedings to ascertain the forfeiture, the district
court may, upon the application of the aggrieved party, com-
pel the offcer to proceed to adjudication, or to abandon the
seizure." Slocum v. Mayberry, 2 Wheat. 1, 10 (1817). And
in many instances owners could recover their property while
the forfeiture proceedings were ongoing by posting a bond.
See, e. g., 3 Stat. 242; United States v. Ames, 
(1879); Waples, at 112; ante, at 391. It's another feature
of historic practice that raises questions about current ones
in which even innocent owners can wait for months or years
for forfeiture proceedings to play out.

III
Why does a Nation so jealous of its liberties tolerate ex-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pansive new civil forfeiture practices that have "led to egre-
gious and well-chronicled abuses" ? Leonard, 580 U. S., at
1180 (statement of Thomas, J.). Perhaps it has something
to do with the relative lack of power of those on whom the
system preys. Perhaps government agencies' increasing de-
pendence on forfeiture as a source of revenue is an important
piece of the puzzle. Cf. Calero-Toledo, 416 U. S., at 679 (in-
dicating, over 50 years ago and before the rise of many mod-
ern innovations, that "self-interes[t]" did not motivate the
forfeiture of the vessel at issue). But maybe, too, part of
the reason lies closer to home. In this Nation, the right to
a jury trial before the government may take life, liberty,
or property has always been the rule. Yes, some excep-
tions exist. But perhaps it is past time for this Court to
examine more fully whether and to what degree contempo-
rary civil forfeiture practices align with that rule and those
exceptions.
Really, it's hard not to wonder whether some current civil
forfeiture practices represent much less than a revival of the
402 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Gorsuch, J., concurring

archaic common-law deodand. The deodand required the
forfeiture of any object responsible for a death -- say, a knife,
cart, or horse -- to the Crown. See 1 Blackstone 290.
Today, the idea seems much the same even if the practice
now sweeps more broadly, requiring almost any object in-
volved in almost any serious offense to be surrendered to the
government in amends.
The hardships deodands often imposed seem more than
faintly familiar, too. Deodands required forfeiture regard-
less of the fault of the owner, himself sometimes the de-
ceased. Not infrequently, the practice left impoverished
families without the means to support themselves, faced not
only with the loss of a loved one but also with the loss of a
horse or perhaps a cart essential to their livelihoods. See 2
F. Pollock & F. Maitland, The History of English Law 472
(1895); E. Burke, Deodand -- A Legal Antiquity That May
Still Exist, 8 Chi.-Kent L. Rev. 15, 17, 19 -- 20 (1930). Some-
Page Proof Pending Publication
times grieving families could persuade authorities or juries
to forgo a deodand, but often not, and generally the burden
to avoid a deodand was on them. See M. Foster, Crown Law
266 (1762).
As time went on, too, curiously familiar fnancial incentives
wormed their way into the system. Originally, the Crown
was supposed to pass the deodand (literally, a thing given to
God) onto the church "as an expiation for the sou[l]" of the
deceased. 1 Blackstone 290. Over time, though, the Crown
increasingly chose instead to sell off its rights to deodands
to local lords and others. These recipients inevitably wound
up with a strong interest in the perpetuation of the enter-
prise. See id., at 292. Ultimately, the deodand's appeal
faded in England, and this Court has held that it "did not
become part of the common-law tradition of this country."
Calero-Toledo, 416 U. S., at 682; see id., at 681,. But
has something not wholly unlike it gradually reemerged in
our own lifetimes?
 Cite as: (2024) 403

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

*
In asking the questions I do today, I do not profess a com-
prehensive list, let alone any frm answers. Nor does the
way the parties have chosen to litigate this case give cause
to supply them. But in future cases, with the beneft of full
briefng, I hope we might begin the task of assessing how
well the profound changes in civil forfeiture practices we
have witnessed in recent decades comport with the Constitu-
tion's enduring guarantee that "[n]o person shall... be de-
prived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of
law."
Justice Sotomayor, with whom Justice Kagan and
Justice Jackson join, dissenting.
A police offcer can seize your car if he claims it is con-
nected to a crime committed by someone else. The police
department can then keep the car for months or even years
Page Proof Pending Publication
until the State ultimately seeks ownership of it through civil
forfeiture. In most States, the resulting proceeds from the
car's sale go to the police department's budget. Petitioners
claim that the Due Process Clause requires a prompt, post-
seizure opportunity for innocent car owners to argue to a
judge why they should retain their cars pending that fnal
forfeiture determination. When an offcer has a fnancial in-
centive to hold onto a car and an owner pleads innocence,
they argue, a retention hearing at least ensures that the of-
fcer has probable cause to connect the owner and the car to
a crime.
Today, the Court holds that the Due Process Clause never
requires that minimal safeguard. In doing so, it sweeps
far more broadly than the narrow question presented and
hamstrings lower courts from addressing myriad abuses of
the civil forfeiture system. Because I would have decided
only which due process test governs whether a retention
hearing is required and left it to the lower courts to apply
404 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

that test to different civil forfeiture schemes, I respectfully
dissent.
I
A
Civil forfeiture occupies a murky space between criminal
forfeiture and ordinary government deprivations of property.
Criminal forfeiture is part of a defendant's criminal punish-
ment. The government must therefore proceed against the
person (in personam) to obtain someone's property via crim-
inal forfeiture, which generally requires notice of intent to
forfeit the property in a criminal indictment and full criminal
procedural protections for the defendant. At the outset, the
government must typically prove that it has probable cause
to seize the person for a specifc crime and therefore to hold
any property related to that crime. See Gerstein v. Pugh,
(1975).
Outside the criminal context, the government usually must
Page Proof Pending Publication
provide a hearing before depriving someone of essential
property. See, e. g., Goldberg v. Kelly, -- 
266 (1970) (public assistance); Bell v. Burson, -- 543 (1971) (driver's license); Fuentes v. Shevin, -- 97 (1972) (household goods to which a creditor lays a
claim). In some circumstances "the necessity of quick action
by the State" may prevent a predeprivation hearing. Par-
ratt v. Taylor, (1981), overruled on other
grounds, Daniels v. Williams, (1986). Then,
however, the government must make "availab[le]... some
meaningful means by which to assess the propriety of the
State's action at some time after the initial [seizure], [to] sat-
isfy the requirements of procedural due process." 451 U. S.,
at 539.
Civil forfeiture is a hybrid, where prosecutors proceed
against any property (in rem) they believe is connected to a
crime, even when the owner is innocent. Unlike criminal
forfeiture, civil forfeiture proceedings are untethered from
 Cite as: (2024) 405

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

any criminal prosecution. In fact, as many as 80% of civil
forfeitures are not accompanied by any ultimate criminal
conviction. Brief for Buckeye Institute as Amicus Curiae
14. Civil forfeiture is unnecessary where the government
pursues criminal forfeiture in an indictment and sustains a
conviction. Only if an offcer seizes property that he be-
lieves is connected to a crime, but does not belong to a de-
fendant charged with that crime, must prosecutors bring
civil forfeiture proceedings outside a criminal case. Even
when the State abandons the prosecution that formed the
basis for the seizure, an innocent property owner can be left
in civil forfeiture proceedings trying to get her property
back.
B
The Federal Government, States, and localities set their
own rules for civil forfeiture, subject only to the limits of the
Due Process Clause. This lack of standardized procedural
Page Proof Pending Publication
safeguards makes civil forfeiture vulnerable to abuse. In 32
States and the federal system, when law enforcement agen-
cies forfeit property, the proceeds go to their own budgets.
Brief for Institute for Justice et al. as Amici Curiae 4. As
a result, police agencies often have a fnancial incentive to
seize as many cars as possible and try to retain them. The
forfeiture revenue is not a supplement; many police agencies
in fact depend on cash fow from forfeitures for their budgets.
See, e. g., J. Worrall & T. Kovandzic, Is Policing for Proft?
Answers From Asset Forfeiture, 7 Criminology & Pub. Pol'y
219, 222 (2008) ("[M]ore than 60% of police agencies surveyed
reported dependence on asset forfeiture"). These cash in-
centives not only encourage counties to create labyrinthine
processes for retrieving property in the hopes that innocent
owners will abandon attempts at recovery, they also infu-
ence which laws police enforce, how they enforce them, and
who they enforce them against. See Brief for Buckeye In-
stitute as Amicus Curiae 6 -- 20 (detailing empirical studies
406 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

on the effect of fscal incentives in civil forfeiture on law en-
forcement decisionmaking).
Police offcers have an incentive to enforce the law in a
way that leads to the recovery of fungible property, like cash
or cars. For example, offcers might pose as drug dealers
instead of buyers in a sting operation, because "it allows po-
lice to seize a buyer's cash rather than a seller's drugs (which
have no legal value to the seizing agency)." E. Blumen-
son & E. Nilsen, Policing for Proft: The Drug War's Hidden
Economic Agenda, 65 U. Chi. L. Rev. 35, 67 (1998). Simi-
larly, police offcers might target low-level drug possession
in cars instead of drug transactions on the street, so that
they can seize the vehicle. In this case, police offcers pulled
over petitioner Halima Tariffa Culley's college-age son while
he was driving a car registered to her, charged him with
possession of marijuana, and seized the car. A police offcer
cannot sell recovered marijuana and a prosecutor's offce
Page Proof Pending Publication
does not ordinarily pursue low-level marijuana offenses.
When a police department can recover the proceeds from a
car civilly forfeited in connection to a low-level marijuana
offense, however, targeting that offense becomes more
appealing.
Moreover, offcers have a fnancial incentive to target mar-
ginalized groups, such as low-income communities of color,
who are less likely to have the resources to challenge the
forfeiture in court. See A. Crawford, Civil Asset Forfeiture
in Massachusetts: A Flawed Incentive Structure and Its Im-
pact on Indigent Property Owners, 35 Boston College J. L. &
Soc. Justice 257, 274 -- 277 (2015) ("[O]ne way for law enforce-
ment agencies to generate profts is to target low-income
parties who are fnancially incapable of challenging sei-
zures"). A 2019 study found that "the seizure of nonnarcotic
property from black and Hispanic arrestees increases with
the size of the [budget] defcit in states where police depart-
ments can retain revenue from seized property." M. Ma-
kowsky, T. Stratmann, & A. Tabarrok, To Serve and Collect:
 Cite as: (2024) 407

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

The Fiscal and Racial Determinants of Law Enforcement, 48
J. Legal Studies 189, 208 -- 209.
"[T]hese same groups are often the most burdened by for-
feiture," because "they are more likely to suffer in their daily
lives while they litigate for the return of a critical item of
property, such as a car." Leonard v. Texas, (2017) (statement of Thomas, J., respecting denial of
certiorari). For many people, loss of access to a car, even
temporarily, is signifcant. Over 85% of Americans drive to
work. J. Hirsch & P. Jones, Driver's License Suspension for
Unpaid Fines and Fees: The Movement for Reform, 54
U. Mich. J. L. Reform 875, 881 (2021). Unsurprisingly, stud-
ies have found a link between the inability to drive and the
loss of a job. For example, "[i]n New Jersey, 42% of people
lost their jobs after their driver's license was suspended."
Ibid. Loss of a car not only "takes away one's ability to
commute" but also imposes a barrier to "buy[ing] necessi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ties, access[ing] healthcare, and visit[ing] family members,
pharmacies, grocery stores, hospitals, and other essential
services." Ibid.
Given these burdens, low-income communities are also the
most vulnerable to pressure from unchecked prosecutors,
who can use coercive civil forfeiture processes to extract set-
tlement money from innocent owners desperate to get their
property back. See Brief for Institute for Justice et al. as
Amici Curiae 19 -- 20 (detailing examples). In Detroit, to
take one example, car owners recently alleged that Wayne
County seizes vehicles in areas generally associated with
crime and holds on to the vehicles and their contents unless
the owners pay steep redemption fees: $900 for the frst sei-
zure; $1,800 for the second; and $2,700 for the third. See
Ingram v. Wayne Cty., 81 F. 4th 603, 606 (CA6 2023). If the
owner is unwilling or unable to pay this fee, she must either
abandon the vehicle or wait for county prosecutors to decide
whether to initiate forfeiture proceedings. Before such pro-
ceedings are brought, however, the owner allegedly must at-
408 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

tend four or more pretrial conferences during regular work
hours, during which the owner typically will not get to plead
her case to a judge. Instead, prosecutors will attempt to
persuade her to pay the redemption fee, towing costs, and
storage fees. Missing just one conference allegedly will re-
sult in automatic forfeiture and transfer of title to the
county.
Similarly, in Massachusetts, one investigation found over
500 instances in a single county where law enforcement held
property for a decade or more before offcials fnally com-
menced forfeiture proceedings. S. Datar & S. Dooling, Mas-
sachusetts Police Can Easily Seize Your Money. The DA of
One County Makes It Nearly Impossible To Get It Back,
ProPublica (Aug. 18, 2021), www.propublica.org/article/
massachusetts-police-can-easily-seize-your-money.-the-da-of-
one-county-makes-it-near-impossible-to-get-it-back. In
other words, those owners had to wait more than a decade
for the chance to explain to a judge why they should get
Page Proof Pending Publication
their property back. In one instance, prosecutors ran a
newspaper notice four years after a seizure, at which point
the property owner had only 20 days to file a claim to avoid
forfeiture. Similar delays have been reported in South Car-
olina, Oklahoma, and Pennsylvania. See Brief for Institute
for Justice et al. as Amici Curiae 16 (collecting studies).
In short, law enforcement can seize cars, hold them in-
defnitely, and then rely on an owner's lack of resources to
forfeit those cars to fund agency budgets, all without any
initial check by a judge as to whether there is a basis to hold
the car in the frst place.
II
This Court granted certiorari to address which of its tests
should govern due process challenges that seek a retention
hearing after an offcer seizes a car.1 Now, the Court
1
See Pet. for Cert. i ("In determining whether the Due Process Clause
requires a state or local government to provide a post seizure probable
cause hearing prior to a statutory judicial forfeiture proceeding and, if so,
 Cite as: (2024) 409

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

reaches far beyond that question to hold that people whose
cars are seized by the police never have a due process right
to a retention hearing. The Court arrives at this conclusion
by relying on two customs cases from the 1980s and histori-
cal practice that purportedly reinforces their application.
Its reasoning is deeply fawed.

A
The majority says that "[t]his Court's decisions in $8,850
and Von Neumann resolve this case." Ante, at 387. These
cases, however, have little to say about what due process
requires when an innocent owner seeks to retain her car
pending an ultimate forfeiture determination in schemes like
those described above. Instead, the claimants in these cases
argued that the United States Customs Service took too long
to resolve forfeiture proceedings against property seized at
the border as part of the claimants' own alleged violations of
Page Proof Pending Publication
customs law.
In United States v. $8,850, (1983), a cus-
toms inspector seized $8,850 in cash from Mary Josephine
Vasquez, who had declared she was carrying less than $5,000.
Vasquez was charged with a felony and a misdemeanor, with
the indictment seeking forfeiture of the $8,850 as part of the
misdemeanor charge. When a jury ultimately convicted
Vasquez of only the felony count, which did not contain the
forfeiture allegations, the Government fnally fled civil for-
feiture proceedings against the cash. Vasquez argued only
that the Government's 18-month delay in fling civil forfeit-
ure proceedings was unconstitutionally long. To evaluate
her claim, the Court borrowed the Barker v. Wingo multifac-

when such a hearing must take place, should district courts apply the
`speedy trial' test employed in United States v. $8,850, (1983)
and Barker v. Wingo, (1972), as held by the Eleventh Circuit
or the three-part due process analysis set forth in Mathews v. Eldridge,
(1976) as held by at least the Second, Fifth, Seventh, and
Ninth Circuits").
410 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

tor test from the speedy-trial context and held that "the bal-
ance of factors indicate[d] that the Government's delay...
was reasonable" in the circumstances. 461 U. S., at 569; see
id., at 564 ). In
so holding, the Court emphasized that the Government had
"diligent[ ly]" pursued the pending criminal proceedings
against Vasquez. 461 U. S., at 568. Because a conviction on
the misdemeanor count could have rendered civil forfeiture
unnecessary, the Government's delay in fling a civil forfeit-
ure proceeding was understandable. Ibid.
In United States v. Von Neumann, 
(1986), Von Neumann failed to declare a newly purchased
Jaguar Panther car to customs offcials when he drove it back
to the United States. United States Customs seized the car,
and Von Neumann fled a petition for administrative remis-
sion proceedings the same day. Two weeks later, he posted
a bond and regained possession of the car. Thirty-six days
Page Proof Pending Publication
after he fled his remission petition, Customs resolved it by
reducing Von Neumann's penalty for failure to declare to
$3,600.
Von Neumann argued that the 36-day delay in responding
to his administrative remission petition violated due process.
The Government responded that "due process considerations
do not govern the Secretary's disposition of [administrative]
remission petitions." Id., at 249. The Court agreed with
the Government. "Implicit in this Court's discussion of
timeliness in $8,850 was the view that the [regular civil] for-
feiture proceeding, without more, provides the postseizure
hearing required by due process to protect Von Neumann's
property interest in [his] car." Ibid. The administrative
proceedings did not trigger a separate due process right, the
Court continued, because they were discretionary and "not
necessary to a forfeiture determination." Id., at 250.
The Court then declined to address the argument that the
remission statute "itself creates a property right which can-
not be taken away without due process." Ibid. "[E]ven if
 Cite as: (2024) 411

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

respondent had such a property right," the Court explained,
"any due process requirement of timely disposition was more
than adequately provided here." Ibid. The Court had "al-
ready noted that his right to a forfeiture proceeding meeting
the Barker test satisfes any due process right with respect
to the car and the money." Id., at 251. Von Neumann had
also failed to show "what prejudice [he] suffered from the
36-day delay in the response" to his remission petition. Id.,
at 250.
The majority takes Von Neumann's imprecise categorical
language out of this vital context to hold that "a timely for-
feiture hearing `satisfes any due process right' with respect
to a `car' that has been seized for civil forfeiture." Ante, at
387.2 In doing so,
it extends the holdings of both Von Neumann and $8,850 to
situations neither Court contemplated. In both, the Gov-
ernment sought to forfeit property tied to the claimants' un-
lawful conduct. The claimants were not, and did not claim
Page Proof Pending Publication
to be, innocent owners of property used for criminal ends
without their knowledge. Unlike petitioners here, neither
the claimant in $8,850 nor the claimant in Von Neumann had
argued that a retention hearing was necessary to test Cus-
toms' justifcation for seizing their property at the outset.
Instead, both argued only that the Government took too long
to resolve their proceedings: in $8,850 through a statutory
process, and in Von Neumann through a discretionary ad-
ministrative one. The majority's reading here improperly
resolves a constitutional challenge that the Court in those
cases had no cause or reason to address.
B
With the sole exception of the Eleventh Circuit, every
court of appeals has rejected Von Neumann's application to
2
Perhaps recognizing that it stretches the reasoning of the opinion, the
majority relies in a footnote on statements made at oral argument. See
ante, at 387,.
412 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

state and county civil forfeiture schemes concerning claim-
ants' cars.3 Indeed, this Court has distinguished Von Neu-
mann in contexts where offcers have a fnancial incentive
to seize property and owners may assert innocence of the
underlying crime as a defense. In United States v. James
Daniel Good Real Property, (1993), for exam-
ple, this Court held that the Government must conduct a
predeprivation hearing before it seizes real property con-
nected to criminal conduct through civil forfeiture. Four
years after James Daniel Good pleaded guilty to state
charges based on drugs found in his home, the Federal Gov-
ernment fled civil forfeiture proceedings against his home.
Even though Good did not assert innocence, the Court em-
phasized that proceedings without a predeprivation hearing
created an unacceptable risk of error for property owners
asserting an "innocent owner" defense, because waiting until
the fnal forfeiture hearing " `would not cure the temporary
deprivation that an earlier hearing might have prevented.' "
Page Proof Pending Publication
Id., at 56. Crucial to the Court's reasoning was the fact that
"the Government has a direct pecuniary interest in the out-
come of the proceeding" when it is entitled to forfeit the
property. Id., at 55 -- 56.
This reasoning applies directly to due process challenges
where police seize the cars of innocent owners and use for-
feiture proceeds to fund department budgets. The narrow
holdings of $8,850 and Von Neumann should not determine
the due process claims of every claimant deprived of access
to her car by state prosecutors on untested grounds for
months or years.

3
See Ingram v. Wayne Cty., 81 F. 4th 603, 616 -- 617 (CA6 2023); Serrano
v. CBP, 975 F. 3d 488, 500 (CA5 2020) (per curiam); Smith v. Chicago, 524
F. 3d 834, 837 -- 838 (CA7 2008), vacated as moot, Alvarez v. Smith, (2009); Krimstock v. Kelly, 306 F. 3d 40, 52, (CA2 2002) (Soto-
mayor, J.); cf. Booker v. St. Paul, 762 F. 3d 730 (CA8 2014) (declining to
reference Von Neumann).
 Cite as: (2024) 413

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

III
The majority's categorical rule that due process never re-
quires a retention hearing also cannot be squared with the
context-specifc analysis that this Court's due process doc-
trine requires. " `[D]ue process,' unlike some legal rules, is
not a technical conception with a fxed content unrelated to
time, place and circumstances." Cafeteria & Restaurant
Workers v. McElroy, (1961). "[D]ue process is fexible and calls for such pro-
cedural protections as the particular situation demands."
Morrissey v. Brewer, (1972).
The Court granted this case to resolve which of two fexi-
ble due process tests should govern, not to resolve whether
due process ever requires a retention hearing in civil forfeit-
ure schemes. That difference is important. An appropri-
ately context-specifc due process test should not always
yield the same result when applied to different schemes. Of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the six Circuits that have applied the test from Mathews
v. Eldridge, (1976), to various civil forfeiture
schemes, three have held that due process requires a reten-
tion hearing, Ingram, 81 F. 4th, at 620; Smith v. Chicago, 524
F. 3d 834, 838 (CA7 2008), vacated as moot, Alvarez v. Smith,
(2009); Krimstock v. Kelly, 306 F. 3d 40, 67 -- 68
(CA2 2002) (Sotomayor, J.), and three have held that it does
not, Serrano v. CBP, 975 F. 3d 488, 500 -- 502 (CA5 2020)
(per curiam); Booker v. St. Paul, 762 F. 3d 730, 736 -- 737 (CA8
2014); United States v. One 1971 BMW, 652 F. 2d 817, 820 -- 
821 (CA9 1981). That result is consistent with the fexible
dictates of any due process test, which should take into ac-
count all the component parts of an individual scheme.
For instance, petitioners had the right to post a bond to
get back their vehicles, the right to move for summary judg-
ment in the forfeiture proceeding itself, and the opportunity
to seek separate relief under the Alabama Rules of Criminal
Procedure for an illegal seizure. The adequacy of those al-
414 CULLEY v. MARSHALL

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

ternative procedures was never briefed below because the
only question was which test should apply. By contrast, the
New York City scheme that the Second Circuit concluded
violated due process lacked all of those procedures. See
Krimstock, 306 F. 3d, at 55, 59 -- 60. Differences in the ade-
quacy of available procedures can and should result in differ-
ent due process outcomes.
Instead of answering the question presented and then re-
manding to the lower court to apply the appropriate test,
the majority instead holds that due process never requires
a retention hearing. The majority acknowledges that "the
States and Congress have adopted a wide variety of ap-
proaches." Ante, at 392. Yet it prescribes a categorical
constitutional rule for all of them. The Court today ham-
strings federal courts from conducting a context-specifc
analysis in civil forfeiture schemes that are less generous
than the one here.
IV
Page Proof Pending Publication
The majority's holding relates only to retention hearings.
It does not foreclose other potential due process challenges to
civil forfeiture proceedings. See ante, at 387,. People
who have their property seized by police remain free to chal-
lenge other abuses in the civil forfeiture system. For in-
stance, such claimants could challenge notice of a forfeiture
posted only in a newspaper, the lack of a neutral adjudicator
at an initial hearing, or the standard of proof necessary to
seize a car. Lower courts remain free to apply Mathews to
those claims. See ante, at 388. Due process also still "re-
quires a timely post-seizure forfeiture hearing," ante, at 384,
so claimants may continue to challenge unreasonable delays.4
4
Courts applying the Barker factors to due process challenges of unrea-
sonable delay should not apply a narrower version of that test than the
one this Court articulated in $8,850. The $8,850 Court emphasized that
Barker is a "fexible" test, and "none of [its] factors is a necessary or
suffcient condition for fnding unreasonable delay." United States v.
$8,850, -- 565 (1983); see also Barker v. Wingo, 407
 Cite as: (2024) 415

Sotomayor, J., dissenting

The abuses of many civil forfeiture systems are well docu-
mented. See, e. g., supra, at 405 -- 408. I commend States
or localities that have adopted retention hearings as a way
of guarding against those abuses. See, e. g., Brief for Legal
Aid Society as Amicus Curiae (detailing the benefts of New
York City's prompt postseizure hearings). Other States and
localities should not view today's decision as precluding them
from following suit and adopting similar measures.

* * *
The majority today holds that due process never requires
the minimal check of a retention hearing before a police off-
cer deprives an innocent owner of her car for months or
years. Given the diverse schemes adopted by States, some
with adequate safeguards and some without, the Court
should have just answered the question presented. Instead,
it announces a universal rule for all schemes without heeding
the dictates of this Court's due process precedents that re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
quire a scheme-specifc analysis. Because I instead would
have answered the question presented and left lower courts
the fexibility to apply the appropriate test in these myriad
circumstances, I respectfully dissent.

U. S. 514, 533 (1972) ("[T]hese factors have no talismanic qualities; courts
must still engage in a diffcult and sensitive balancing process"). The fac-
tors are merely "guides in balancing the interests of the claimant and the
Government to assess whether the basic due process requirement of fair-
ness has been satisfed in a particular case." $8,850, 461 U. S., at 565. In
the civil forfeiture context, "the balance of the interests, which depends
so heavily on the context of the particular situation, may differ from a
situation involving the right to a speedy trial." Ibid.,. Recognizing
that the Barker and Mathews balancing tests have similar aims and fac-
tors, the Government notes that the tests are not necessarily mutually
exclusive. See Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 20 -- 22.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 602 U. S. Part 1
Pages 205 -- 221

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
May 30, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2023 205

Syllabus

CANTERO et al., individually and on behalf of
all others similarly situated v. BANK OF
AMERICA, N. A.

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the second circuit
No. 22 -- 529. Argued February 27, 2024 -- Decided May 30, 2024
The United States maintains a dual system of banking. Banks with fed-
eral charters -- called national banks -- are subject primarily to federal
oversight and regulation. Banks with state charters are subject to ad-
ditional state oversight and regulation. As relevant here, the National
Bank Act expressly grants national banks the power to administer home
mortgage loans. 12 U. S. C.. When national banks make home
mortgage loans, they often offer escrow accounts designed to protect
both the bank and the borrower. Escrow accounts ensure the availabil-
ity of funds to pay the insurance premium and property taxes on the
borrower's behalf. Escrow accounts operated by national banks are ex-
tensively regulated by the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of
Page Proof Pending Publication
1974. RESPA was designed to protect borrowers from "certain abu-
sive practices" that were being carried on by national banks..
But RESPA does not mandate that national banks pay interest to
borrowers on the balances of their escrow accounts. New York state
law is different. It provides that a bank "shall" pay borrowers "inter-
est" on the balance held in an escrow account maintained in connection
with a mortgage on certain real estate. N. Y. Gen. Oblig. Law Ann.
-- 601.
In this case, petitioner Alex Cantero and petitioners Saul Hymes and
Ilana Harwayne-Gidansky obtained home mortgage loans from Bank of
America, a national bank chartered under the National Bank Act. Both
contracts required the borrowers to make monthly deposits into escrow
accounts. Bank of America did not pay interest on the balances held in
either escrow account, but informed the borrowers that the New York
interest-on-escrow law was preempted by the National Bank Act. The
borrowers brought putative class-action suits in Federal District Court.
The District Court concluded that nothing in the National Bank Act or
other federal law preempted the New York law. The Second Circuit
reversed, holding that because the New York law "would exert control
over" national banks' power "to create and fund escrow accounts," the
law was preempted.
206 CANTERO v. BANK OF AMERICA, N. A.

Syllabus

Held: The Second Circuit failed to analyze whether New York's interest-
on-escrow law is preempted as applied to national banks in a manner
consistent with Dodd-Frank and Barnett Bank. Pp. 213 -- 221.
(a) Congress has instructed courts how to analyze federal preemption
of state laws regulating national banks in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. Dodd-Frank ruled out
field preemption. Instead, Dodd-Frank provides that the National
Bank Act preempts a state law "only if " the state law (i) discriminates
against national banks as compared to state banks; or (ii) "prevents or
signifcantly interferes with the exercise by the national bank of its pow-
ers," as determined "in accordance with the legal standard for preemp-
tion" in the Court's decision in Barnett Bank of Marion Cty., N. A. v.
Nelson,. (1)(A), (B). Because the New York law
does not discriminate against national banks, the preemption question
must be analyzed under Dodd-Frank's "prevents or signifcantly in-
terferes" preemption standard "in accordance with" Barnett Bank.
Pp. 213 -- 219.
(1) In Barnett Bank, a dispute arose because a national bank
wanted to sell insurance in a Florida small town, but the State prohib-
ited most banks from selling insurance. The Court held the Florida law
preempted because it signifcantly interfered with the national bank's
Page Proof Pending Publication
ability to sell insurance -- a federally authorized power. Importantly,
Barnett Bank made clear that a non-discriminatory state banking law
can be preempted even if it is possible for the national bank to comply
with both federal and state law. 517 U. S., at 31. The Court reasoned
that "normally Congress would not want States to forbid, or to impair
signifcantly, the exercise of a power that Congress explicitly granted."
Id., at 33. But the Court added that its ruling did not "deprive States
of the power to regulate national banks, where (unlike here) doing so
does not prevent or signifcantly interfere with the national bank's exer-
cise of its powers." Ibid. Pp. 214 -- 215.
(2) Barnett Bank did not purport to establish a clear line to demar-
cate when a state law "signifcantly interfere[s]" with a national bank's
ability to exercise its powers. 517 U. S., at 33. Instead, the Court ana-
lyzed its precedents on that issue, looking to prior cases where the state
law was preempted and where the state law was not preempted. Given
Dodd-Frank's direction to identify signifcant interference "in accord-
ance with" Barnett Bank, courts addressing preemption questions in
this context must do the same and likewise take account of those prior
decisions. (1)(B). The paradigmatic example of signifcant in-
terference identifed by Barnett Bank occurred in Franklin National
Bank of Franklin Square v. New York, where a New York
law prohibiting most banks "from using the word `saving' or `savings'
 Cite as: (2024) 207

Syllabus

in their advertising or business" was held preempted because it inter-
fered with the national bank's statutory power "to receive savings de-
posits." Id., at 374, 378 -- 379. The Court in Franklin found the New
York law preempted -- even though it did not bar national banks from
receiving (or even advertising) savings deposits -- because the New York
law interfered with the banks' ability to advertise "using the commonly
understood description which Congress has specifcally selected." Id.,
at 378. Barnett Bank also pointed to a second example of signifcant
interference -- Fidelity Federal Savings & Loan Association v. De la
Cuesta, -- where the state law similarly limited a federally
authorized power. For purposes of applying Dodd-Frank's preemption
standard, Franklin, Fidelity, and Barnett Bank together illustrate the
kinds of state laws that signifcantly interfere with the exercise of a
national bank power and thus are preempted. Pp. 215 -- 217.
(3) The primary example of a case identifed in Barnett Bank where
state law was not preempted is Anderson National Bank v. Luckett,. There, a Kentucky law required banks to turn over aban-
doned deposits to the State. The Anderson Court held that the Ken-
tucky law did not interfere with national banks' federal power to collect
deposits because that power includes the inseparable "obligation to pay"
deposits to those "entitled to demand payment." Id., at 248 -- 249. An-
Page Proof Pending Publication
derson distinguished a similar California law at issue in First National
Bank of San Jose v. California, where the Court had
found the state law to be preempted, and its reasons for differentiating
the California law help demonstrate when a state law regulating na-
tional banks crosses the line from permissible to preempted. In con-
trast to the Kentucky law in Anderson, the California law in First Na-
tional Bank of San Jose allowed the State to claim dormant deposits
without proof of abandonment. The Court noted that California's law
could therefore cause customers to "hesitate" before depositing funds at
the bank -- and thus interfere with the "effciency" of the national bank
in receiving deposits. 262 U. S., at 369 -- 370. Barnett Bank also cited
two other examples of state laws that were not preempted, both of
which regulated banks in "their daily course of business." See Na-
tional Bank v. Commonwealth, 9 Wall. 353; McClellan v. Chipman,. Pp. 217 -- 219.
(b) The Court's precedents applying Barnett Bank furnish content
to the signifcant-interference test -- and therefore also to Dodd-Frank's
preemption standard incorporating Barnett Bank. A court applying
that standard must make a practical assessment of the nature and de-
gree of the interference caused by a state law. If the state law's inter-
ference with national bank powers is more akin to the interference in
cases like Franklin, Fidelity, First National Bank of San Jose, and
208 CANTERO v. BANK OF AMERICA, N. A.

Syllabus

Barnett Bank, then the state law is preempted. But if the state law's
interference with national bank powers is more akin to the interference
in cases like Anderson, National Bank, and McClellan, then the state
law is not preempted. In this case, the Second Circuit did not conduct
the kind of nuanced comparative analysis required by Barnett Bank,
but instead distilled a categorical test that would preempt virtually all
state laws that regulate national banks. Congress expressly incorpo-
rated Barnett Bank into Dodd-Frank, and Barnett Bank did not draw
a bright preemption line. The Court of Appeals must conduct a preemp-
tion analysis in a manner consistent with that standard. Pp. 219 -- 221.
49 F. 4th 121, vacated and remanded.
Kavanaugh, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court.
Jonathan E. Taylor argued the cause for petitioners.
With him on the briefs were Deepak Gupta, Gregory A.
Beck, Hassan Zavareei, Anna C. Haac, Jonathan M. Streis-
feld, Mark C. Rifkin, and Matthew M. Guiney.
Deputy Solicitor General Stewart argued the cause for the
United States as amicus curiae supporting vacatur. With
him on the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal
Page Proof Pending Publication
Deputy Assistant Attorney General Boynton, Charles L.
McCloud, Gerard Sinzdak, and Urja Mittal.
Lisa S. Blatt argued the cause for respondent. With her
on the brief were Enu Mainigi, Sarah M. Harris, Aaron Z.
Roper, Mark W. Mosier, and Kendall T. Burchard.*
*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the State of New
York et al. by Letitia James, Attorney General of New York, Barbara D.
Underwood, Solicitor General, Andrea Oser, Deputy Solicitor General, and
Sarah L. Rosenbluth, Assistant Solicitor General, by Brenna Bird, Attor-
ney General of Iowa, and Eric H. Wessan, Solicitor General, and by the
Attorneys General for their respective jurisdictions as follows: Treg Tay-
lor of Alaska, Kris Mayes of Arizona, Rob Bonta of California, Philip J.
Weiser of Colorado, William Tong of Connecticut, Kathleen Jennings of
Delaware, Brian L. Schwalb of the District of Columbia, Christopher M.
Carr of Georgia, Anne E. Lopez of Hawaii, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Theo-
dore E. Rokita of Indiana, Kris Kobach of Kansas, Aaron M. Frey of
Maine, Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Andrea Joy Campbell of Massa-
chusetts, Dana Nessel of Michigan, Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Austin
Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Aaron D. Ford of
Nevada, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey, Joshua H. Stein of North
 Cite as: (2024) 209

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kavanaugh delivered the opinion of the Court.
Federal law extensively regulates national banks such as
Bank of America and expressly preempts some (but not all)
state laws that regulate national banks. This case concerns
the standard for determining when state laws that regulate
national banks are preempted. As relevant here, the
Dodd-Frank Act of 2010 expressly incorporated the standard
that this Court articulated in Barnett Bank of Marion
County, N. A. v. Nelson, (1996). 12 U. S. C.
(1)(B). That standard asks whether a state law "pre-
vents or signifcantly interferes with the exercise by the na-
tional bank of its powers." Ibid. Because the Court of Ap-
peals in this case did not apply that standard in a manner
consistent with Dodd-Frank and Barnett Bank, we vacate
and remand.
I
A
Page Proof Pending Publication
The United States maintains a dual system of banking,
made up of parallel federal and state banking systems.
Carolina, Gentner Drummond of Oklahoma, Ellen F. Rosenblum of Ore-
gon, Michelle A. Henry of Pennsylvania, Peter F. Neronha of Rhode Is-
land, Marty J. Jackley of South Dakota, Ken Paxton of Texas, Sean D.
Reyes of Utah, Charity R. Clark of Vermont, Robert W. Ferguson of
Washington, and Bridget Hill of Wyoming; for the Conference of State
Bank Supervisors et al. by Stefan L. Jouret and Arthur E. Wilmarth, Jr.;
for the Constitutional Accountability Center by Elizabeth B. Wydra and
Brianne J. Gorod; for Flagstar Plaintiffs by Steve W. Berman, Thomas E.
Loeser, Kevin K. Green, and Peter B. Fredman; and for Public Citizen
et al. by Adina H. Rosenbaum and Allison M. Zieve.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the Bank Policy
Institute et al. by H. Rodgin Cohen, Matthew A. Schwartz, and Thomas
Pinder; for the Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America by
Shay Dvoretzky, Parker Rider-Longmaid, Jonathan D. Urick, and Tyler
S. Badgley; for Flagstar Bank, N. A., by Jonathan Y. Ellis, Brian D.
Schmalzbach, and Thomas M. Hefferon; for Former Comptrollers of the
Currency et al. by William M. Jay; for the Washington Legal Foundation
by John M. Masslon II and Cory L. Andrews; for Dori K. Bailey by Louis
Orbach; and for Joseph R. Mason by Anton Metlitsky and Jenya Godina.
210 CANTERO v. BANK OF AMERICA, N. A.

Opinion of the Court

That dual system allows privately owned banks to choose
whether to obtain a charter from the Federal Government
or from a state government.
Banks with federal charters, called national banks, are
subject primarily to federal oversight and regulation. And
banks with state charters, called state banks, are subject to
additional state oversight and regulation. Those two bank-
ing systems co-exist and compete.
The national banking system began in 1863 when Treasury
Secretary (later Chief Justice) Salmon Chase proposed, Con-
gress passed, and President Lincoln signed the National
Bank Act. 12 Stat. 665; 13 Stat. 99. When a bank obtains
a federal charter under the National Bank Act, the national
bank gains various enumerated and incidental powers. 12
U. S. C.. The National Bank Act expressly affords na-
tional banks the powers that they need to organize and
operate -- for example, the powers to "make contracts," to
Page Proof Pending Publication
"sue and be sued," and to "elect or appoint" a "board of direc-
tors." Ibid. The Act also provides national banks with
banking-specifc powers. As relevant here, the Act ex-
pressly supplies national banks with the power to "make,
arrange, purchase or sell loans or extensions of credit se-
cured by liens on interests in real estate" -- in other words,
to administer home mortgage loans.. The Act also
expressly authorizes national banks to exercise "all such inci-
dental powers as shall be necessary to carry on the business
of banking.".
When national banks make home mortgage loans, they
often offer escrow accounts. Mortgage-escrow accounts are
designed to protect both the bank and the borrower. When
the borrower makes a mortgage payment, the borrower puts
money into an escrow account operated by the bank; the
bank then uses the funds in escrow to pay the borrower's
insurance premium and property taxes on the borrower's be-
half. That arrangement helps the borrower by simplifying
expenses and budgeting. Instead of having to pay large
 Cite as: (2024) 211

Opinion of the Court

lump-sum insurance and tax payments once or twice a year,
the borrower can instead make small payments throughout
the year. And the arrangement also assists the bank by en-
suring that the borrower's insurance and tax bills are timely
paid, thus protecting the loan collateral (the home) against
tax foreclosure or uninsured damage.
In light of those benefts to both sides, the vast majority of
home mortgages come with escrow accounts. Indeed, many
federal agencies and programs require them. The Federal
Housing Administration and the Department of Agriculture's
Rural Housing Service, for example, mandate escrow ac-
counts for mortgages that they administer or insure.
In the 1970s, Congress found that some national banks
were engaging in "certain abusive practices" and that "sig-
nifcant reforms" were necessary to protect borrowers. 12
U. S. C.. To that end, Congress passed and Presi-
dent Ford signed the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act
of 1974, or RESPA. Among other things, RESPA exten-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sively regulates national banks' operation of escrow ac-
counts. RESPA frst sets out the general terms for national
banks that operate escrow accounts. For example, RESPA
requires national banks to "promptly retur[n] to the bor-
rower" any funds left over after the loan is paid, and to provide borrowers with notifcations and account
statements, (c). RESPA also contains a specifc
safeguard for borrowers: It caps the amount that national
banks can require borrowers to deposit into escrow accounts.. But as relevant to this case, RESPA (unlike New
York law, as we will discuss) does not mandate that national
banks pay interest to borrowers on the balances of their es-
crow accounts.1

1
Another federal law, the Truth in Lending Act, also addresses national
banks' operation of mortgage-escrow accounts. The Truth in Lending Act
requires national banks to operate escrow accounts for certain mortgages.
82 Stat. 146, 15 U. S. C.. For those mandatory escrow accounts,
the national bank must "pay interest" to the borrower "in the manner as
212 CANTERO v. BANK OF AMERICA, N. A.

Opinion of the Court

B
Bank of America is a national bank chartered under the
National Bank Act. Bank of America offers mortgage loans
to homeowners, among other services.
In 2010, Alex Cantero obtained a home mortgage loan from
Bank of America to purchase a house in Queens Village, New
York. In 2016, Saul Hymes and Ilana Harwayne-Gidansky
similarly obtained a home mortgage loan from Bank of
America to buy a house in East Setauket, New York. Both
mortgage contracts required the borrowers to make monthly
deposits into escrow accounts, which Bank of America used
to pay the borrowers' property taxes and insurance premi-
ums when those taxes and premiums came due.
Under New York law, when a bank "maintains an escrow
account pursuant to any agreement executed in connection
with a mortgage" on certain real estate, the bank "shall" pay
borrowers "interest at a rate of not less than two per centum
Page Proof Pending Publication
per year" on the balance. N. Y. Gen. Oblig. Law Ann. -- 
601 (West 2022). But Bank of America did not pay interest
on the money in Cantero's escrow account or Hymes and
Harwayne-Gidansky's escrow account. Bank of America no-
tifed the borrowers that the New York law was preempted
by the National Bank Act. Both plaintiffs brought putative
class-action suits against Bank of America in the U. S. Dis-
trict Court for the Eastern District of New York, alleging
that Bank of America violated New York law by failing to
pay them interest on the balances in their escrow accounts.
The District Court decided the two cases together. The
court agreed with the plaintiffs that New York law required
Bank of America to pay interest on the escrow account bal-
ances. The court ruled that the New York interest-on-
escrow law applied to national banks such as Bank of
America, concluding that nothing in the National Bank Act

prescribed by [an] applicable State or Federal law." (3). All
parties agree that does not apply to the mortgages in this case.
 Cite as: (2024) 213

Opinion of the Court

or other federal law preempted the New York law. Hymes
v. Bank of America, N. A., 408 F. Supp. 3d 171, 198 (EDNY
2019).
The U. S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit re-
versed, holding that the New York interest-on-escrow law
was preempted as applied to national banks. Relying pri-
marily on "an unbroken line of case law since McCulloch [v.
Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316 (1819)]," the Court of Appeals held
that federal law preempts any state law that "purports to
exercise control over a federally granted banking power,"
regardless of "the magnitude of its effects." 49 F. 4th 121,
131 (2022). Because the New York interest-on-escrow law
"would exert control over" national banks' power "to create
and fund escrow accounts," the court concluded that the law
was preempted. Id., at 134.
This Court granted certiorari. 601 U. S. -- -- -- (2023).

II
Page Proof Pending Publication
Congress has instructed courts how to analyze federal pre-
emption of state laws regulating national banks. In the
wake of the 2008 fnancial crisis, Congress passed and Presi-
dent Obama signed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act of 2010. Pub. L. 111 -- 203, 124
Stat. 1376. Among other things, Dodd-Frank established
the controlling legal standard for when a "State consumer
fnancial law," like New York's interest-on-escrow law, is pre-
empted with respect to national banks. 12 U. S. C..
To begin, Dodd-Frank ruled out field preemption.
(4) (federal banking law "does not occupy the feld in
any area of State law"). As a result, we know that not all
state laws regulating national banks are preempted.
Instead, Dodd-Frank provided, as relevant here, that the
National Bank Act preempts a state law "only if " the state
law (i) discriminates against national banks as compared to
state banks; or (ii) "prevents or signifcantly interferes with
the exercise by the national bank of its powers," as deter-
214 CANTERO v. BANK OF AMERICA, N. A.

Opinion of the Court

mined "in accordance with the legal standard for preemption
in the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States
in Barnett Bank of Marion County, N. A. v. Nelson, Flor-
ida Insurance Commissioner, et al., (1996)."
(1)(A), (B).
New York's interest-on-escrow law does not discriminate
against national banks. The question of whether New
York's interest-on-escrow law is preempted therefore must
be analyzed under Dodd-Frank's "prevents or signifcantly
interferes" preemption standard. To guide judicial applica-
tion of that preemption standard, Dodd-Frank expressly
incorporates this Court's decision in Barnett Bank. The
preemption question here therefore must be decided "in
accordance with" Barnett Bank, as Dodd-Frank directs.
(1)(B).2
A
In Barnett Bank, a Florida law prohibited most banks
Page Proof Pending Publication
from selling insurance. Barnett Bank of Marion Cty., N. A.
v. Nelson, (1996). A dispute arose because
federal law authorized national banks to sell insurance in
small towns, and a national bank wanted to sell insurance in
a small Florida town. Id., at 28 -- 29.
This Court held that the Florida law was preempted be-
cause the law signifcantly interfered with the national
bank's ability to exercise a power -- selling insurance -- 
authorized by federal law. Id., at 33 -- 35. Importantly,
Barnett Bank made clear that a non-discriminatory state
banking law can be preempted even if it is possible for the
national bank to comply with both federal and state law -- 

2
Cantero's mortgage agreement (unlike Hymes and Harwayne-
Gidansky's mortgage agreement) was signed after Dodd-Frank was
enacted but before Dodd-Frank became effective. Because we conclude
that Dodd-Frank adopted Barnett Bank, and because Barnett Bank was
also the governing preemption standard before Dodd-Frank, the timing of
Cantero's mortgage agreement does not affect the preemption analysis
here.
 Cite as: (2024) 215

Opinion of the Court

there, by declining to sell insurance. Id., at 31. The Court
emphasized that federal law's "grants of both enumerated
and incidental `powers' to national banks" are "grants of au-
thority not normally limited by, but rather ordinarily pre-
empting, contrary state law." Id., at 32. Congress had af-
forded national banks a "broad, not a limited," power to sell
insurance -- a power "without relevant qualifcation." Ibid.
The Court reasoned that "normally Congress would not want
States to forbid, or to impair signifcantly, the exercise of a
power that Congress explicitly granted." Id., at 33. Be-
cause federal law "explicitly grant[ed] a national bank an au-
thorization, permission, or power" with "no indication that
Congress intended to subject that power to local restriction,"
the Court concluded that state law could not limit national
banks' ability to sell insurance. Id., at 34 -- 35 (internal quo-
tation marks omitted); see id., at 37. But the Court added
that its ruling did not "deprive States of the power to regu-
late national banks, where (unlike here) doing so does not
Page Proof Pending Publication
prevent or signifcantly interfere with the national bank's ex-
ercise of its powers." Id., at 33.
In short, Barnett Bank decided that the non-
discriminatory Florida law at issue there signifcantly inter-
fered with the bank's exercise of its powers, and thus was
preempted.
B
But Barnett Bank did not purport to establish a clear line
to demarcate when a state law "signifcantly interfere[s] with
the national bank's exercise of its powers." Ibid. Instead,
the Court analyzed the Court's precedents on that issue.
Specifcally, to determine whether the Florida law was pre-
empted, Barnett Bank looked to prior cases of this Court
where the state law was preempted, as well as several cases
where the state law was not preempted. Given Dodd-
Frank's direction to identify signifcant interference "in ac-
cordance with" Barnett Bank, courts addressing preemption
questions in this context must do as Barnett Bank did and
216 CANTERO v. BANK OF AMERICA, N. A.

Opinion of the Court

likewise take account of those prior decisions of this Court
and similar precedents. (1)(B).
The paradigmatic example of signifcant interference iden-
tifed by Barnett Bank occurred in Franklin National Bank
of Franklin Square v. New York, (1954). The
New York law at issue in Franklin prohibited most banks
"from using the word `saving' or `savings' in their advertis-
ing or business." Id., at 374. The Franklin Court con-
cluded that the law was preempted because it interfered
with the national bank's statutory power "to receive savings
deposits." Id., at 374, 378 -- 379. Importantly, the New
York law did not bar national banks from receiving savings
deposits, "or even" from "advertising that fact." Id., at 378.
Nonetheless, the Court determined that the New York law
signifcantly interfered with the banks' power because the
banks could not advertise effectively "using the commonly
understood description which Congress has specifcally se-
Page Proof Pending Publication
lected" to describe their activities: receiving savings depos-
its. Ibid. Federal law gave national banks the power not
only "to engage in a business," but also "to let the public
know about it" -- and state law could not interfere with the
national bank's ability to do so effciently. Id., at 377 -- 378.
In Barnett Bank, the Court compared the Florida insur-
ance law at issue there to the New York savings-deposit law
at issue in Franklin, and the Court concluded that the two
state laws were "quite similar." 517 U. S., at 33. Because
the Florida law interfered with the national bank's power in
a way similar to the New York law in Franklin, the Florida
law was preempted.
Barnett Bank also pointed to a second example of signif-
cant interference -- Fidelity Federal Savings & Loan Associ-
ation v. De la Cuesta, (1982). In Fidelity, fed-
eral law allowed, but did "not compel, federal savings and
loans to include due-on-sale clauses in their contracts." Id.,
at 155. But California law "limited" that right to circum-
stances where the federal savings and loan association could
 Cite as: (2024) 217

Opinion of the Court

make a showing that enforcing the due-on-sale clause was
reasonably necessary. Id., at 154 -- 155; see also id., at 149.
The federal savings and loan association could readily comply
with both the state and federal laws. Id., at 155. Still, the
Court ruled that the California law was preempted because
the savings and loan could not exercise a due-on-sale clause
"solely at its option." Ibid.. The California law thus interfered with "the fex-
ibility given" to the savings and loan by federal law. Ibid..
For purposes of applying Dodd-Frank's preemption stand-
ard, Franklin, Fidelity, and Barnett Bank together illus-
trate the kinds of state laws that significantly interfere
with the exercise of a national bank power and thus are
preempted.
C
Of course, not all state laws regulating national banks are
Page Proof Pending Publication
preempted. As relevant here, Dodd-Frank preempts a state
law "only if " it "prevents or signifcantly interferes with"
national bank powers. (1)(B). To determine the
kinds of state-law interference that are not "signifcant" and
that are therefore not preempted, Barnett Bank again
scoured this Court's precedents.
First, Barnett Bank cited Anderson National Bank v.
Luckett, (1944), as the primary example of a
case where state law was not preempted. There, Kentucky
law required banks to turn over abandoned deposits to the
State. Id., at 236. The Anderson Court stated that the
Kentucky law did "not infringe or interfere with any author-
ized function of the bank." Id., at 249. Even though
national banks possess a federal power to collect deposits,
"an inseparable incident" of that power is the "obligation to
pay" the deposits "to the persons entitled to demand pay-
ment according to the law of the state where it does busi-
ness." Id., at 248 -- 249. And Kentucky law simply allowed
the State to "demand payment of the accounts in the same
218 CANTERO v. BANK OF AMERICA, N. A.

Opinion of the Court

way and to the same extent that the depositors could" after
the depositors abandoned the account. Id., at 249. There-
fore, the Anderson Court concluded, Kentucky law did not
"infringe the national banking laws or impose an undue bur-
den on the performance of the banks' functions." Id., at 248;
see also id., at 249.
Anderson distinguished a seemingly similar California law
at issue in an earlier case, First National Bank of San Jose
v. California, (1923), where the Court had
found the state law to be preempted.
In First National Bank of San Jose, the California law
allowed the State to claim deposits that went " `unclaimed
for more than twenty years.' " Ibid. Unlike Kentucky's law,
however, California did not require proof that the account
was abandoned. Rather, the California law "attempt[ed] to
qualify in an unusual way agreements between national
banks and their customers." Id., at 370. Therefore, the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Court noted, the California law could cause customers to
"hesitate" before depositing funds at the bank -- and thus in-
terfere with the "effciency" of the national bank in receiving
deposits. Id., at 369 -- 370.
Anderson's reasons for differentiating the California law
at issue in First National Bank of San Jose help demon-
strate when a state law regulating national banks crosses
the line from permissible to preempted. In contrast to the
California law in First National Bank of San Jose, the Ken-
tucky law in Anderson demanded proof that the accounts
were abandoned -- and thus its rule was "as old as the com-
mon law itself." 321 U. S., at 251. So the Kentucky law
could produce no such deterrent effect -- and it could apply
to national banks. Id., at 252.
Barnett Bank also cited two other examples of state laws
that could apply to national banks. In National Bank v.
Commonwealth, 9 Wall. 353 (1870), the Court determined
that a Kentucky tax law was not preempted. The Kentucky
law at issue there taxed the shareholders of all banks (includ-
 Cite as: (2024) 219

Opinion of the Court

ing national banks) on their shares of bank stock. Id., at
360. The Court explained that national banks are "ex-
empted from State legislation, so far as that legislation may
interfere with, or impair their effciency in performing the
functions" that federal law authorizes them to perform. Id.,
at 362. But national banks are not "wholly withdrawn from
the operation of State legislation"; rather, they remain sub-
ject to state law governing "their daily course of business"
such as generally applicable state contract, property, and
debt-collection laws. Id., at 361 -- 362. Because the Ken-
tucky tax "in no manner hinder[ed]" the national bank's
banking operations, and produced "no greater interference
with the functions of the bank than any other" law governing
businesses, the law was not preempted. Id., at 362 -- 363.
For similar reasons, the Court in McClellan v. Chipman,
(1896), another example cited by Barnett Bank,
concluded that a generally applicable Massachusetts contract
law was not preempted as applied to national banks. 164
Page Proof Pending Publication
U. S., at 357 -- 358, 361. The Court noted that a generally ap-
plicable contract law like Massachusetts's could be said to act
as "a restraint upon the power of a national bank within the
State to make such contracts." Id., at 358. But even so,
such state laws could apply to national banks as long as the
state laws did not "in any way impai[r] the effciency of na-
tional banks or frustrat[e] the purpose for which they were
created." Ibid.
III
In sum, Barnett Bank examined this Court's precedents
to determine whether a state law regulating national banks
falls on the permissible or preempted side of the signifcant-
interference line. Those precedents furnish content to Bar-
nett Bank's signifcant-interference test -- and therefore also
to Dodd-Frank's preemption standard incorporating Bar-
nett Bank.
A court applying that Barnett Bank standard must make
a practical assessment of the nature and degree of the inter-
220 CANTERO v. BANK OF AMERICA, N. A.

Opinion of the Court

ference caused by a state law. If the state law prevents or
signifcantly interferes with the national bank's exercise of
its powers, the law is preempted. If the state law does not
prevent or signifcantly interfere with the national bank's ex-
ercise of its powers, the law is not preempted. In assessing
the signifcance of a state law's interference, courts may con-
sider the interference caused by the state laws in Barnett
Bank, Franklin, Anderson, and the other precedents on
which Barnett Bank relied. If the state law's interference
with national bank powers is more akin to the interference
in cases like Franklin, Fidelity, First National Bank of San
Jose, and Barnett Bank itself, then the state law is pre-
empted. If the state law's interference with national bank
powers is more akin to the interference in cases like Ander-
son, National Bank v. Commonwealth, and McClellan, then
the state law is not preempted.3
In analyzing the New York interest-on-escrow law at issue
here, the Court of Appeals did not conduct that kind of nu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
anced comparative analysis. Instead, the Court of Appeals
relied on a line of cases going back to McCulloch v. Mary-
land to distill a categorical test that would preempt virtually
3
In Barnett Bank and each of the earlier precedents, the Court reached
its conclusions about the nature and degree of the state laws' alleged inter-
ference with the national banks' exercise of their powers based on the text
and structure of the laws, comparison to other precedents, and common
sense. See, e.g., Barnett Bank of Marion Cty., N. A. v. Nelson, -- 35 (1996) (comparing Florida law at issue to New York law in
Franklin); Franklin National Bank of Franklin Square v. New York, (1954) (concluding that New York law interfered with ability
to use "a particular label" that federal law "specifcally selected"); First
National Bank of San Jose v. California, (1923) (reason-
ing that customers "might well hesitate" to subject their deposits to "un-
usual" California law); Anderson National Bank v. Luckett, -- 248 (1944) (determining that no "word in the national banking laws...
expressly or by implication conficts with the provisions of the Kentucky
statutes"); id., at 249 -- 252 (comparing the likely effect of the Kentucky
law to the likely effect of the California law in First National Bank of
San Jose).
 Cite as: (2024) 221

Opinion of the Court

all state laws that regulate national banks, at least other
than generally applicable state laws such as contract or prop-
erty laws. Bank of America supports the Court of Appeals'
approach. By contrast, the plaintiffs would yank the pre-
emption standard to the opposite extreme, and would pre-
empt virtually no non-discriminatory state laws that apply
to both state and national banks.
We appreciate the desire by both parties for a clearer pre-
emption line one way or the other. But Congress expressly
incorporated Barnett Bank into the U. S. Code. And in de-
termining whether the Florida law at issue there was pre-
empted, Barnett Bank did not draw a bright line. Instead,
Barnett Bank sought to carefully account for and navigate
this Court's prior bank preemption cases. Applying those
precedents, Barnett Bank ruled that some (but not all) non-
discriminatory state laws that regulate national banks are
preempted. Under Dodd-Frank, as relevant here, courts
may fnd a state law preempted "only if," "in accordance with
Page Proof Pending Publication
the legal standard" from Barnett Bank, the law "prevents or
signifcantly interferes with the exercise by the national
bank of its powers." (1)(B).
Because the Court of Appeals did not analyze preemption
in a manner consistent with Dodd-Frank and Barnett Bank,
we vacate the judgment of the Court of Appeals and re-
mand the case for further proceedings consistent with this
opinion.4
It is so ordered.

4
During the course of the litigation, the parties have raised two other
issues that the Court of Appeals did not address and that it may address
as appropriate on remand: frst, the signifcance here (if any) of the pre-
emption rules of the Offce of the Comptroller of the Currency; and second,
the relevance here (if any) of the Dodd-Frank provision that preempts
state consumer fnancial laws if a federal law "other than title 62 of the
Revised Statutes" preempts the state law, 12 U. S. C. (1)(C).
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 602 U. S. Part 1
Pages 367 -- 405

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 13, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D.C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2023 367

Syllabus

FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION et al. v. AL-
LIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fth circuit
No. 23 -- 235. Argued March 26, 2024 -- Decided June 13, 2024*
In 2000, the Food and Drug Administration approved a new drug applica-
tion for mifepristone tablets marketed under the brand name Mifeprex
for use in terminating pregnancies up to seven weeks. To help ensure
that Mifeprex would be used safely and effectively, FDA placed addi-
tional restrictions on the drug's use and distribution, for example re-
quiring doctors to prescribe or to supervise prescription of Mifeprex,
and requiring patients to have three in-person visits with the doctor
to receive the drug. In 2016, FDA relaxed some of these restrictions:
deeming Mifeprex safe to terminate pregnancies up to 10 weeks; allow-
ing healthcare providers, such as nurse practitioners, to prescribe Mife-
prex; and approving a dosing regimen that required just one in-person
visit to receive the drug. In 2019, FDA approved an application for
Page Proof Pending Publication
generic mifepristone. In 2021, FDA announced that it would no longer
enforce the initial in-person visit requirement. Four pro-life medical
associations and several individual doctors moved for a preliminary in-
junction that would require FDA either to rescind approval of mifepri-
stone or to rescind FDA's 2016 and 2021 regulatory actions. Danco
Laboratories, which sponsors Mifeprex, intervened to defend FDA's
actions.
The District Court agreed with the plaintiffs and in effect enjoined
FDA's approval of mifepristone, thereby ordering mifepristone off the
market. FDA and Danco appealed and moved to stay the District
Court's order pending appeal. As relevant here, this Court ultimately
stayed the District Court's order pending the disposition of proceedings
in the Fifth Circuit and this Court. On the merits, the Fifth Circuit
held that plaintiffs had standing. It concluded that plaintiffs were un-
likely to succeed on their challenge to FDA's 2000 and 2019 drug approv-
als, but were likely to succeed in showing that FDA's 2016 and 2021
actions were unlawful. This Court granted certiorari with respect to
the 2016 and 2021 FDA actions.

*Together with No. 23 -- 236, Danco Laboratories, L.L.C. v. Alliance for
Hippocratic Medicine et al., also on certiorari to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
368 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Syllabus

Held: Plaintiffs lack Article III standing to challenge FDA's actions re-
garding the regulation of mifepristone. Pp. 378 -- 397.
(a) Article III standing is a "bedrock constitutional requirement that
this Court has applied to all manner of important disputes." United
States v. Texas,. Standing is "built on a single basic
idea -- the idea of separation of powers." Ibid. Article III confnes the
jurisdiction of federal courts to "Cases" and "Controversies." Federal
courts do not operate as an open forum for citizens "to press general
complaints about the way in which government goes about its business."
Allen v. Wright,. To obtain a judicial determination
of what the governing law is, a plaintiff must have a "personal stake"
in the dispute. TransUnion LLC v. Ramirez,.
To establish standing, a plaintiff must demonstrate (i) that she has
suffered or likely will suffer an injury in fact, (ii) that the injury likely
was caused or will be caused by the defendant, and (iii) that the injury
likely would be redressed by the requested judicial relief. See Sum-
mers v. Earth Island Institute,. The two key ques-
tions in most standing disputes are injury in fact and causation. By
requiring the plaintiff to show an injury in fact, Article III standing
screens out plaintiffs who might have only a general legal, moral, ideo-
logical, or policy objection to a particular government action. Causa-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion requires the plaintiff to establish that the plaintiff's injury likely
was caused or likely will be caused by the defendant's conduct. Causa-
tion is "ordinarily substantially more diffcult to establish" when (as
here) a plaintiff challenges the government's "unlawful regulation (or
lack of regulation) of someone else." Lujan v. Defenders of Wildlife,
-- 561. That is because unregulated parties often may
have more diffculty linking their asserted injuries to the government's
regulation (or lack of regulation) of someone else. Pp. 378 -- 385.
(b) Plaintiffs are pro-life, oppose elective abortion, and have sincere
legal, moral, ideological, and policy objections to mifepristone being pre-
scribed and used by others. Because plaintiffs do not prescribe or use
mifepristone, plaintiffs are unregulated parties who seek to challenge
FDA's regulation of others. Plaintiffs advance several complicated cau-
sation theories to connect FDA's actions to the plaintiffs' alleged inju-
ries in fact. None of these theories suffces to establish Article III
standing. Pp. 385 -- 396.
(1) Plaintiffs frst contend that FDA's relaxed regulation of mifepri-
stone may cause downstream conscience injuries to the individual doc-
tors. Even assuming that FDA's 2016 and 2021 changes to mifepri-
stone's conditions of use cause more pregnant women to require
emergency abortions and that some women would likely seek treatment
from these plaintiff doctors, the plaintiff doctors have not shown that
 Cite as: (2024) 369

Syllabus

they could be forced to participate in an abortion or provide abortion-
related medical treatment over their conscience objections. Federal
conscience laws defnitively protect doctors from being required to per-
form abortions or to provide other treatment that violates their con-
sciences. Federal law protects doctors from repercussions when they
have "refused" to participate in an abortion. 42 U. S. C. -- 7(c)(1).
The plaintiffs have not identifed any instances where a doctor was re-
quired, notwithstanding conscience objections, to perform an abortion
or to provide other abortion-related treatment that violated the doctor's
conscience since mifepristone's 2000 approval. Further, the Emer-
gency Medical Treatment and Labor Act (or EMTALA) neither over-
rides federal conscience laws nor requires individual emergency room
doctors to participate in emergency abortions. Thus, there is a break
in any chain of causation between FDA's relaxed regulation of mifepri-
stone and any asserted conscience injuries to the doctors. Pp. 386 -- 390.
(2) Plaintiffs next assert they have standing because FDA's relaxed
regulation of mifepristone may cause downstream economic injuries to
the doctors. The doctors cite various monetary and related injuries
that they will allegedly suffer as a result of FDA's actions -- in particu-
lar, diverting resources and time from other patients to treat patients
with mifepristone complications; increasing risk of liability suits from
Page Proof Pending Publication
treating those patients; and potentially increasing insurance costs. But
the causal link between FDA's regulatory actions in 2016 and 2021 and
those alleged injuries is too speculative, lacks support in the record, and
is otherwise too attenuated to establish standing. Moreover, the law
has never permitted doctors to challenge the government's loosening of
general public safety requirements simply because more individuals
might then show up at emergency rooms or in doctors' offces with
follow-on injuries. Citizens and doctors who object to what the law
allows others to do may always take their concerns to the Executive
and Legislative Branches and seek greater regulatory or legislative re-
strictions. Pp. 390 -- 393.
(3) Plaintiff medical associations assert their own organizational
standing. Under the Court's precedents, organizations may have
standing "to sue on their own behalf for injuries they have sustained,"
Havens Realty Corp. v. Coleman,, but organiza-
tions must satisfy the usual standards for injury in fact, causation, and
redressability that apply to individuals, id., at 378 -- 379. According to
the medical associations, FDA has "impaired" their "ability to provide
services and achieve their organizational missions." Brief for Respond-
ents 43. That argument does not work to demonstrate standing. Like
an individual, an organization may not establish standing simply based
on the "intensity of the litigant's interest" or because of strong opposi-
370 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Syllabus

tion to the government's conduct, Valley Forge Christian College v.
Americans United for Separation of Church and State, Inc.,. The plaintiff associations therefore cannot establish standing
simply because they object to FDA's actions. The medical associations
claim to have standing based on their incurring costs to oppose FDA's
actions. They say that FDA has "caused" the associations to conduct
their own studies on mifepristone so that the associations can better
inform their members and the public about mifepristone's risks. Brief
for Respondents 43. They contend that FDA has "forced" the associa-
tions to "expend considerable time, energy, and resources" drafting citi-
zen petitions to FDA, as well as engaging in public advocacy and public
education, all to the detriment of other spending priorities. Id., at 44.
But an organization that has not suffered a concrete injury caused by a
defendant's action cannot spend its way into standing simply by expend-
ing money to gather information and advocate against the defendant's
action. Contrary to what the medical associations contend, the Court's
decision in Havens Realty Corp. v. Coleman does not stand for the ex-
pansive theory that standing exists when an organization diverts its
resources in response to a defendant's actions. Havens was an unusual
case, and this Court has been careful not to extend the Havens holding
beyond its context. So too here.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Finally, it was suggested that plaintiffs must have standing because
otherwise it may be that no one would have standing to challenge FDA's
2016 and 2021 actions. That suggestion fails because the Court has long
rejected that kind of argument as a basis for standing. The "assump-
tion" that if these plaintiffs lack "standing to sue, no one would have
standing, is not a reason to fnd standing." Schlesinger v. Reservists
Comm. to Stop the War,. Rather, some issues may
be left to the political and democratic processes. Pp. 393 -- 396.
78 F. 4th 210, reversed and remanded.

Kavanaugh, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Thomas,
J., fled a concurring opinion, post, p. 397.

Solicitor General Prelogar argued the cause for federal
petitioners in No. 23 -- 235. With her on the briefs in both
cases were Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Boynton, Deputy Solicitors General Fletcher and Kneedler,
Deputy Assistant Attorney General Harrington, Erica L.
Ross, Charles L. McCloud, Michael S. Raab, Cynthia A.
Barmore, and Samuel R. Bagenstos.
 Cite as: (2024) 371

Counsel

Jessica L. Ellsworth argued the cause for petitioner Danco
Laboratories, L. L. C., in No. 23 -- 236. With her on the brief
in both cases were Catherine E. Stetson, Jo-Ann Tamila
Sagar, Danielle Desaulniers Stempel, Marlan Golden, Dana
A. Raphael, and Philip Katz.
Erin M. Hawley argued the cause for respondents in both
cases. With her on the brief were John J. Bursch, Matthew
S. Bowman, James A. Campbell, Erik C. Baptist, and Cody
S. Barnett.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal in both cases were fled for the
State of New York et al. by Letitia James, Attorney General of New York,
Barbara D. Underwood, Solicitor General, Ester Murdukhayeva, Deputy
Solicitor General, and Galen Sherwin, by Brian L. Schwalb, Attorney Gen-
eral of the District of Columbia, and by the Attorneys General for their
respective States as follows: Kris Mayes of Arizona, Rob Bonta of Califor-
nia, Philip J. Weiser of Colorado, William Tong of Connecticut, Kathleen
Jennings of Delaware, Anne E. Lopez of Hawaii, Kwame Raoul of Illinois,
Aaron M. Frey of Maine, Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Andrea Joy
Page Proof Pending Publication
Campbell of Massachusetts, Dana Nessel of Michigan, Keith Ellison of
Minnesota, Aaron D. Ford of Nevada, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey,
Raúl Torrez of New Mexico, Joshua H. Stein of North Carolina, Ellen F.
Rosenblum of Oregon, Michelle A. Henry of Pennsylvania, Peter F. Ner-
onha of Rhode Island, Charity R. Clark of Vermont, Robert W. Ferguson
of Washington, and Joshua L. Kaul of Wisconsin; for the City of New York
et al. by Sylvia O. Hinds-Radix, Richard Dearing, Devin Slack, Elina
Druker, Tony LoPresti, Meredith A. Johnson, Rachel A. Neil, and Jessica
M. Scheller; for the American Civil Liberties Union et al. by Julia Kaye,
Andrew D. Beck, Jennifer Dalven, Lorie A. Chaiten, David D. Cole, Rabia
Muqaddam, Autumn Katz, Rupali Sharma, and Stephanie Toti; for the
American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists et al. by Shannon
Rose Selden; for the American Psychological Association et al. by Jessica
Ring Amunson and Deanne M. Ottaviano; for the Association of Ameri-
can Medical Colleges by Douglas Hallward-Driemeier, Deanna Barkett
FitzGerald, and Frank R. Trinity; for the Disability Rights Education &
Defense Fund et al. by Maria Michelle Uzeta and James P. Gagen; for
Doctors for America et al. by Christopher J. Morten and Thomas S. Leath-
erbury; for Food and Drug Law Scholars et al. by Robert A. Long; for
Former Commissioners of the U. S. Food and Drug Administration by Wil-
liam B. Schultz, Margaret M. Dotzel, and Alyssa M. Howard; for Former
Military Offcials et al. by Susanne Sachsman Grooms, Carmen Iguina
372 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kavanaugh delivered the opinion of the Court.
In 2016 and 2021, the Food and Drug Administration re-
laxed its regulatory requirements for mifepristone, an abor-

González, and Kate Epstein; for Former U. S. Department of Justice Off-
cials by Alan Schoenfeld, Kimberly A. Parker, Daniel S. Volchok, and
Colleen Campbell; for the Freedom From Religion Foundation et al. by
Patrick C. Elliott and Geoffrey T. Blackwell; for GenBioPro, Inc., by John
P. Elwood, Daphne O'Connor, Robert J. Katerberg, Kolya D. Glick, David
C. Frederick, Derek C. Reinbold, Skye L. Perryman, and Carrie Y. Flax-
man; for Honeybee Health, Inc., by Stephanie L. Gutwein, A. Scott Chinn,
Matthew K. Giffn, Elizabeth A. Charles, and Libby L. Baney; for Legal
Voice et al. by Matthew Gordon; for Local Governments et al. by Jonathan
B. Miller, Cheran Ivery, Anne L. Morgan, Myriam Zreczny Kasper, Su-
zanne M. Loose, Mark D. Griffn, Valerie L. Flores, Scott Marcus, Shaun
Dabby Jacobs, John P. Markovs, and Lyndsey M. Olson; for Medical Stu-
dents for Choice by Jayme Jonat; for the NAACP Legal Defense & Educa-
tional Fund, Inc., by Janai S. Nelson and Samuel Spital; for the National
Council of Jewish Women et al. by Eugene M. Gelernter; for Over 640
State Legislators by Amanda Shafer Berman; for Patient and Provider
Page Proof Pending Publication
Advocacy Organizations by Caroline L. Wolverton and Aileen M. Mc-
Grath; for Pharmaceutical Companies et al. by Eva A. Temkin, Paul Ales-
sio Mezzina, Joshua N. Mitchell, and Anne M. Voigts; for the Pharmaceu-
tical Research and Manufacturers of America by Peter Safr, David M.
Zionts, Daniel G. Randolph, Kendall T. Burchard, James C. Stansel, and
Melissa B. Kimmel; for Physicians for Reproductive Health by Janice
Mac Avoy; for Public Citizen et al. by Nicolas A. Sansone and Allison M.
Zieve; for the Reproductive Freedom Alliance by Jaime A. Santos, An-
naka Nava, Dorothy Hazan, Jennifer Fisher, and Daryl L. Wiesen; for
the Women's Bar Association of the District of Columbia by Candace Beck;
for Women Who Have Obtained Medication Abortion Via Telemedicine by
Vanessa K. Burrows and Julie F. Kay; for David S. Cohen et al. by David
S. Cohen, pro se, and Susan J. Frietsche; for 237 Reproductive Health
Organizations et al. by Lindsay C. Harrison; and for 263 Members of
Congress by Boris Bershteyn and Jennifer L. Bragg. F. Andrew Hessick,
pro se, and Richard A. Simpson fled a brief as amicus curiae urging
vacatur in both cases.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance in both cases were fled for the
State of Mississippi et al. by Lynn Fitch, Attorney General of Mississippi,
Whitney H. Lipscomb, Deputy Attorney General, Scott G. Stewart, Solici-
tor General, and Justin L. Matheny and Anthony M. Shults, Deputy Solic-
itors General, and by the Attorneys General for their respective States as
 Cite as: (2024) 373

Opinion of the Court

tion drug. Those changes made it easier for doctors to pre-
scribe and pregnant women to obtain mifepristone. Several
pro-life doctors and associations sued FDA, arguing that
FDA's actions violated the Administrative Procedure Act.

follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Treg Taylor of Alaska, Tim Griffn
of Arkansas, Ashley Moody of Florida, Christopher M. Carr of Georgia,
Theodore E. Rokita of Indiana, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Russell Coleman of
Kentucky, Liz Murrill of Louisiana, Austin Knudsen of Montana, Michael
T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Drew H. Wrigley of North Dakota, Dave Yost of
Ohio, Gentner F. Drummond of Oklahoma, Alan Wilson of South Caro-
lina, Marty J. Jackley of South Dakota, Jonathan Skrmetti of Tennessee,
Ken Paxton of Texas, Sean D. Reyes of Utah, Patrick Morrisey of West
Virginia, and Bridget Hill of Wyoming; for the American Center for Law
and Justice by Jay Alan Sekulow, Jordan A. Sekulow, Stuart J. Roth,
Walter M. Weber, Geoffrey R. Surtees, and Laura B. Hernandez; for
Americans United for Life by Steven H. Aden and Clarke D. Forsythe; for
the Charlotte Lozier Institute by Gene C. Schaerr; for Democrats for Life
of America by Rachel N. Morrison and Eric N. Kniffn; for the Elliot
Institute et al. by Jay Alan Sekulow, Jordan A. Sekulow, Stuart J. Roth,
Page Proof Pending Publication
and Walter M. Weber; for the Family Policy Alliance et al. by Randall L.
Wenger, Jeremy L. Samek, and Janice Martino-Gottshall; for the Family
Research Council et al. by Christopher E. Mills; for Former U. S. Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services Offcials et al. by James R. Lawrence
III; for Heartbeat International by Thomas Brejcha and B. Tyler Brooks;
for Judicial Watch, Inc., by Meredith L. Di Liberto; for the Life Legal
Defense Foundation by Catherine Short and Sheila A. Green; for the Na-
tional Hispanic Leadership Conference et al. by Mathew D. Staver, Anita
L. Staver, and Horatio G. Mihet; for Operation Rescue et al. by Jay Alan
Sekulow, Jordan A. Sekulow, Stuart J. Roth, and Walter M. Weber; for
Priests for Life by Robert Joseph Muise and David Yerushalmi; for the
Prolife Center at the University of St. Thomas (MN) by Teresa Stanton
Collett; for the Robertson Center for Constitutional Law by Christopher
T. Holinger and Bradley J. Lingo; for the Southeastern Legal Foundation
et al. by Thomas R. McCarthy, Braden H. Boucek, and Robert Henneke;
for Stanton International by Erin Mersino and Robert J. Muise; for Susan
B. Anthony Pro-Life America et al. by Heather Gebelin Hacker; for the
United States Medical Association by Nathan W. Kellum; for Women and
Families Harmed by Mifepristone et al. by Linda Boston Schlueter; for
Women Injured by Abortion by Mary J. Browning, Allan E. Parker, R.
Clayton Trotter, and Catherine Glenn Foster; for the World Faith Founda-
tion et al. by James L. Hirsen, Tami Fitzgerald, and Deborah J. Dewart;
374 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Opinion of the Court

But the plaintiffs do not prescribe or use mifepristone. And
FDA is not requiring them to do or refrain from doing any-
thing. Rather, the plaintiffs want FDA to make mifepri-
stone more diffcult for other doctors to prescribe and for
pregnant women to obtain. Under Article III of the Consti-
tution, a plaintiff's desire to make a drug less available for
others does not establish standing to sue. Nor do the plain-
tiffs' other standing theories suffce. Therefore, the plain-
tiffs lack standing to challenge FDA's actions.
I
A
Under federal law, the U. S. Food and Drug Administra-
tion, an agency within the Executive Branch, ensures that
for Former Secretary David Longly Bernhardt by John C. Sullivan; for
Gianina Cazan-London et al. by William Wagner; for Grazie Pozo Christie
et al. by Megan M. Wold; for Former U. S. Attorney General Edwin Meese
III by David H. Thompson, Brian W. Barnes, and Clark L. Hildabrand;
Page Proof Pending Publication
for Calum Miller by Kristine Brown; for Allan Sawyer by Michael S.
Overing and Edward C. Wilde; and for 145 Members of Congress by Ste-
ven H. Aden.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled in both cases for the State of Missouri
et al. by Andrew Bailey, Attorney General of Missouri, Joshua M. Divine,
Solicitor General, and Maria A. Lanahan and Samuel C. Freedlund, Dep-
uty Solicitors General, by Raúl R. Labrador, Attorney General of Idaho,
Alan M. Hurst, Solicitor General, Joshua N. Turner, Deputy Solicitor Gen-
eral, and James E. M. Craig, and by Kris W. Kobach, Attorney General of
Kansas, Anthony J. Powell, Solicitor General, and Erin B. Gaide, Assist-
ant Attorney General; for Advancing American Freedom et al. by J. Marc
Wheat; for Business Leaders by Jonathan R. Whitehead; for the Ethics
and Public Policy Center by M. Edward Whelan III, Charles W. Fillmore,
and H. Dustin Fillmore III; for the Human Coalition et al. by Elissa M.
Graves and Chelsey D. Youman; for the Jewish Coalition for Religious
Liberty by Howard Slugh; for the Mountain States Legal Foundation by
Jennifer L. Mascott, R. Trent McCotter, and Ivan L. London; for the Na-
tional Association of Nurse Practitioners in Women's Health et al. by Jon-
athan K. Youngwood and Simona G. Strauss; for Over 300 Reproductive
Health Researchers by Melissa Goodman and Claudia Hammerman; and
for Students for Life of America by William Bock III.
Niyati Shah and Noah Baron fled a brief for AANHPI et al. as amici
curiae in No. 23 -- 235.
 Cite as: (2024) 375

Opinion of the Court

drugs on the market are safe and effective. For FDA to
approve a new drug, the drug sponsor (usually the drug's
manufacturer or potential marketer) must submit an applica-
tion demonstrating that the drug is safe and effective when
used as directed. 21 U. S. C.. The sponsor's appli-
cation must generally include proposed labeling that specifes
the drug's dosage, how to take the drug, and the specifc
conditions that the drug may treat. 21 CFR.5,
314.50 (2022).
If FDA determines that additional safety requirements
are necessary, FDA may impose extra requirements on pre-
scription and use of the drug. 21 U. S. C. -- 1(f)(3). For
example, FDA may require that prescribers undergo special-
ized training; mandate that the drug be dispensed only in
certain settings like hospitals; or direct that doctors monitor
patients taking the drug. Ibid.
In 2000, FDA approved a new drug application for mifepri-
stone tablets marketed under the brand name Mifeprex.
Page Proof Pending Publication
FDA approved Mifeprex for use to terminate pregnancies,
but only up to seven weeks of pregnancy. To help ensure
that Mifeprex would be used safely and effectively, FDA
placed further restrictions on the drug's use and distribu-
tion. For example, only doctors could prescribe or super-
vise prescription of Mifeprex. Doctors and patients also
had to follow a strict regimen requiring the patient to appear
for three in-person visits with the doctor. And FDA di-
rected prescribing doctors to report incidents of hospitaliza-
tions, blood transfusions, or other serious adverse events to
the drug sponsor (who, in turn, was required to report the
events to FDA).
In 2015, Mifeprex's distributor Danco Laboratories sub-
mitted a supplemental new drug application seeking to
amend Mifeprex's labeling and to relax some of the restric-
tions that FDA had imposed. In 2016, FDA approved the
proposed changes. FDA deemed Mifeprex safe to terminate
pregnancies up to 10 weeks rather than 7 weeks. FDA al-
lowed healthcare providers such as nurse practitioners to
376 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Opinion of the Court

prescribe Mifeprex. And FDA approved a dosing regimen
that reduced the number of required in-person visits from
three to one -- a single visit to receive Mifeprex. In addi-
tion, FDA changed prescribers' adverse event reporting obli-
gations to require prescribers to report only fatalities -- a
reporting requirement that was still more stringent than the
requirements for most other drugs.
In 2019, FDA approved an application for generic mifepri-
stone. FDA established the same conditions of use for ge-
neric mifepristone as for Mifeprex.
In 2021, FDA again relaxed the requirements for Mifeprex
and generic mifepristone. Relying on experience gained
during the COVID -- 19 pandemic about pregnant women
using mifepristone without an in-person visit to a healthcare
provider, FDA announced that it would no longer enforce the
initial in-person visit requirement.

B
Page Proof Pending Publication
Because mifepristone is used to terminate pregnancies,
FDA's approval and regulation of mifepristone have gener-
ated substantial controversy from the start. In 2002, three
pro-life associations submitted a joint citizen petition asking
FDA to rescind its approval of Mifeprex. FDA denied
their petition.
In 2019, two pro-life medical associations fled another pe-
tition, this time asking FDA to withdraw its 2016 modifca-
tions to mifepristone's conditions of use. FDA denied that
petition as well.
This case began in 2022. Four pro-life medical associa-
tions, as well as several individual doctors, sued FDA in the
U. S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas.
Plaintiffs brought claims under the Administrative Proce-
dure Act. They challenged the lawfulness of FDA's 2000
approval of Mifeprex; FDA's 2019 approval of generic mife-
pristone; and FDA's 2016 and 2021 actions modifying mife-
pristone's conditions of use. Danco Laboratories, which
 Cite as: (2024) 377

Opinion of the Court

sponsors Mifeprex, intervened to defend FDA's actions.
The plaintiffs moved for a preliminary injunction that would
require FDA to rescind approval of mifepristone or, at the
very least, to rescind FDA's 2016 and 2021 actions.
The District Court agreed with the plaintiffs and in effect
enjoined FDA's approval of mifepristone, thereby ordering
mifepristone off the market. 668 F. Supp. 3d 507 (ND Tex.
2023). The court frst held that the plaintiffs possessed
Article III standing. It then determined that the plaintiffs
were likely to succeed on the merits of each of their claims.
Finally, the court concluded that the plaintiffs would suffer
irreparable harm from FDA's continued approval of mifepri-
stone and that an injunction would serve the public interest.
FDA and Danco promptly appealed and moved to stay the
District Court's order pending appeal. The U. S. Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit granted the stay motion in part
and temporarily reinstated FDA's approval of Mifeprex.
Page Proof Pending Publication
2023 WL 2913725, *21 (Apr. 12, 2023). But the Court of Ap-
peals declined to stay the rest of the District Court's order.
The Court of Appeals' partial stay would have left Mifeprex
(though not generic mifepristone) on the market, but only
under the more stringent requirements imposed when FDA
frst approved Mifeprex in 2000 -- available only up to seven
weeks of pregnancy, only when prescribed by doctors, and
only with three in-person visits, among other requirements.
FDA and Danco then sought a full stay in this Court.
This Court stayed the District Court's order in its entirety
pending the disposition of FDA's and Danco's appeals in the
Court of Appeals and ultimate resolution by this Court. 598
U. S. -- -- -- (2023). As a result of this Court's stay, Mifeprex
and generic mifepristone have remained available as allowed
by FDA's relaxed 2016 and 2021 requirements.
A few months later, the Court of Appeals issued its deci-
sion on the merits of the District Court's order, affrming in
part and vacating in part. 78 F. 4th 210, 222 -- 223 (CA5
2023). The Court of Appeals frst concluded that the indi-
378 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Opinion of the Court

vidual doctors and the pro-life medical associations had
standing. The Court of Appeals next concluded that plain-
tiffs were not likely to succeed on their challenge to FDA's
2000 approval of Mifeprex and 2019 approval of generic mife-
pristone. So the Court of Appeals vacated the District
Court's order as to those agency actions. But the Court of
Appeals agreed with the District Court that plaintiffs were
likely to succeed in showing that FDA's 2016 and 2021 ac-
tions were unlawful.
The Court of Appeals' merits decision did not alter this
Court's stay of the District Court's order pending this
Court's review. This Court then granted certiorari with re-
spect to the 2016 and 2021 FDA actions held unlawful by the
Court of Appeals. 601 U. S. -- -- -- (2023).

II
The threshold question is whether the plaintiffs have
Page Proof Pending Publication
standing to sue under Article III of the Constitution. Arti-
cle III standing is a "bedrock constitutional requirement that
this Court has applied to all manner of important disputes."
United States v. Texas, (2023). Standing
is "built on a single basic idea -- the idea of separation of pow-
ers." Ibid. (quotation marks omitted). Importantly, sepa-
ration of powers "was not simply an abstract generalization
in the minds of the Framers: it was woven into the document
that they drafted in Philadelphia in the summer of 1787."
TransUnion LLC v. Ramirez, -- 423 (2021)
(quotation marks omitted). Therefore, we begin as always
with the precise text of the Constitution.
Article III of the Constitution confnes the jurisdiction of
federal courts to "Cases" and "Controversies." The case or
controversy requirement limits the role of the Federal Judi-
ciary in our system of separated powers. As this Court ex-
plained to President George Washington in 1793 in response
to his request for a legal opinion, federal courts do not issue
advisory opinions about the law -- even when requested by
 Cite as: (2024) 379

Opinion of the Court

the President. 13 Papers of George Washington: Presiden-
tial Series 392 (C. Patrick ed. 2007). Nor do federal courts
operate as an open forum for citizens "to press general com-
plaints about the way in which government goes about its
business." Allen v. Wright, (1984) (quota-
tion marks omitted); see California v. Texas, (2021); Valley Forge Christian College v. Americans
United for Separation of Church and State, Inc., (1982); United States v. Richardson, (1974); Ex parte Levitt, (1937) (per cu-
riam); Massachusetts v. Mellon, -- 488
(1923); Fairchild v. Hughes, -- 130 (1922).
As Justice Scalia memorably said, Article III requires a
plaintiff to frst answer a basic question: " `What's it to you?' "
A. Scalia, The Doctrine of Standing as an Essential Element
of the Separation of Powers, 17 Suffolk U. L. Rev. 881, 882
(1983). For a plaintiff to get in the federal courthouse door
Page Proof Pending Publication
and obtain a judicial determination of what the governing
law is, the plaintiff cannot be a mere bystander, but instead
must have a "personal stake" in the dispute. TransUnion,
594 U. S., at 423. The requirement that the plaintiff possess
a personal stake helps ensure that courts decide litigants'
legal rights in specifc cases, as Article III requires, and that
courts do not opine on legal issues in response to citizens
who might "roam the country in search of governmental
wrongdoing." Valley Forge, 454 U. S., at 487; see, e.g.,
Schlesinger v. Reservists Comm. to Stop the War, (1974); Richardson, 418 U. S., at 175; Tyler v. Judges
of Court of Registration, (1900). Standing
also "tends to assure that the legal questions presented to
the court will be resolved, not in the rarifed atmosphere of
a debating society, but in a concrete factual context condu-
cive to a realistic appreciation of the consequences of judicial
action." Valley Forge, 454 U. S., at 472. Moreover, the
standing doctrine serves to protect the "autonomy" of those
who are most directly affected so that they can decide
380 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Opinion of the Court

whether and how to challenge the defendant's action. Id.,
at 473.
By limiting who can sue, the standing requirement imple-
ments "the Framers' concept of the proper -- and properly
limited -- role of the courts in a democratic society." J. Rob-
erts, Article III Limits on Statutory Standing, 42 Duke L. J.
1219, 1220 (1993) (quotation marks omitted). In particular,
the standing requirement means that the federal courts de-
cide some contested legal questions later rather than sooner,
thereby allowing issues to percolate and potentially be re-
solved by the political branches in the democratic process.
See Raines v. Byrd, -- 830 (1997); cf. Clapper
v. Amnesty Int'l USA, -- 422 (2013). And
the standing requirement means that the federal courts may
never need to decide some contested legal questions: "Our
system of government leaves many crucial decisions to the
political processes," where democratic debate can occur and
a wide variety of interests and views can be weighed. Schle-
Page Proof Pending Publication
singer, 418 U. S., at 227; see Campbell v. Clinton, 203 F. 3d
19, 23 (CADC 2000).
A
The fundamentals of standing are well-known and frmly
rooted in American constitutional law. To establish stand-
ing, as this Court has often stated, a plaintiff must demon-
strate (i) that she has suffered or likely will suffer an injury
in fact, (ii) that the injury likely was caused or will be caused
by the defendant, and (iii) that the injury likely would be
redressed by the requested judicial relief. See Summers v.
Earth Island Institute, (2009); Lujan v.
Defenders of Wildlife, -- 561 (1992). Those
specifc standing requirements constitute "an essential and
unchanging part of the case-or-controversy requirement of
Article III." Id., at 560.
The second and third standing requirements -- causation
and redressability -- are often "fip sides of the same coin."
Sprint Communications Co. v. APCC Services, Inc., 554
 Cite as: (2024) 381

Opinion of the Court

U. S. 269, 288 (2008). If a defendant's action causes an in-
jury, enjoining the action or awarding damages for the action
will typically redress that injury. So the two key questions
in most standing disputes are injury in fact and causation.1
First is injury in fact. An injury in fact must be "con-
crete," meaning that it must be real and not abstract. See
TransUnion, 594 U. S., at 424. The injury also must be par-
ticularized; the injury must affect "the plaintiff in a personal
and individual way" and not be a generalized grievance.
Lujan, 504 U. S., at 560,. An injury in fact can be a
physical injury, a monetary injury, an injury to one's prop-
erty, or an injury to one's constitutional rights, to take just
a few common examples. Moreover, the injury must be ac-
tual or imminent, not speculative -- meaning that the injury
must have already occurred or be likely to occur soon.
Clapper, 568 U. S., at 409. And when a plaintiff seeks pro-
spective relief such as an injunction, the plaintiff must estab-
lish a suffcient likelihood of future injury. Id., at 401.
Page Proof Pending Publication
By requiring the plaintiff to show an injury in fact, Article
III standing screens out plaintiffs who might have only a
general legal, moral, ideological, or policy objection to a par-
ticular government action. For example, a citizen does not
have standing to challenge a government regulation simply
because the plaintiff believes that the government is acting
illegally. See Valley Forge, 454 U. S., at 473, 487. A citizen
may not sue based only on an "asserted right to have the
Government act in accordance with law." Allen, 468 U. S.,
at 754; Schlesinger, 418 U. S., at 225 -- 227. Nor may citizens
sue merely because their legal objection is accompanied by a
strong moral, ideological, or policy objection to a government
action. See Valley Forge, 454 U. S., at 473.

1
Redressability can still pose an independent bar in some cases. For
example, a plaintiff who suffers injuries caused by the government still
may not be able to sue because the case may not be of the kind "tradition-
ally redressable in federal court." United States v. Texas, (2023); cf. California v. Texas, -- 672 (2021).
382 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Opinion of the Court

The injury in fact requirement prevents the federal courts
from becoming a "vehicle for the vindication of the value
interests of concerned bystanders." Allen, 468 U. S., at 756
(quotation marks omitted). An Article III court is not a
legislative assembly, a town square, or a faculty lounge. Ar-
ticle III does not contemplate a system where 330 million
citizens can come to federal court whenever they believe that
the government is acting contrary to the Constitution or
other federal law. See id., at 754. Vindicating "the public
interest (including the public interest in Government observ-
ance of the Constitution and laws) is the function of Congress
and the Chief Executive." Lujan, 504 U. S., at 576.
In sum, to sue in federal court, a plaintiff must show that
he or she has suffered or likely will suffer an injury in fact.
Second is causation. The plaintiff must also establish that
the plaintiff 's injury likely was caused or likely will be
caused by the defendant's conduct.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Government regulations that require or forbid some action
by the plaintiff almost invariably satisfy both the injury in
fact and causation requirements. So in those cases, stand-
ing is usually easy to establish. See id., at 561 -- 562; see,
e.g., Susan B. Anthony List v. Driehaus, -- 
163 (2014).
By contrast, when (as here) a plaintiff challenges the gov-
ernment's "unlawful regulation (or lack of regulation) of
someone else," "standing is not precluded, but it is ordinarily
substantially more diffcult to establish." Lujan, 504 U. S.,
at 562 (quotation marks omitted); see Summers, 555 U. S., at
493. That is often because unregulated parties may have
more diffculty establishing causation -- that is, linking their
asserted injuries to the government's regulation (or lack of
regulation) of someone else. See Clapper, 568 U. S., at 413 -- 
414; Lujan, 504 U. S., at 562; Duke Power Co. v. Carolina
Environmental Study Group, Inc., (1978);
Simon v. Eastern Ky. Welfare Rights Organization, 426
 Cite as: (2024) 383

Opinion of the Court

U. S. 26, 41 -- 46 (1976); Warth v. Seldin, -- 
508 (1975).
When the plaintiff is an unregulated party, causation "ordi-
narily hinge[s] on the response of the regulated (or regulable)
third party to the government action or inaction -- and per-
haps on the response of others as well." Lujan, 504 U. S.,
at 562. Yet the Court has said that plaintiffs attempting to
show causation generally cannot "rely on speculation about
the unfettered choices made by independent actors not be-
fore the courts." Clapper, 568 U. S., at 415, (quotation
marks omitted); see also Bennett v. Spear, -- 169 (1997). Therefore, to thread the causation needle in
those circumstances, the plaintiff must show that the " `third
parties will likely react in predictable ways' " that in turn
will likely injure the plaintiffs. California, 593 U. S., at 675
).
Page Proof Pending Publication
As this Court has explained, the "line of causation be-
tween the illegal conduct and injury" -- the "links in the chain
of causation," Allen, 468 U. S., at 752, 759 -- must not be too
speculative or too attenuated, Clapper, 568 U. S., at 410 -- 411.
The causation requirement precludes speculative links -- that
is, where it is not suffciently predictable how third parties
would react to government action or cause downstream in-
jury to plaintiffs. See Allen, 468 U. S., at 757 -- 759; Simon,
426 U. S., at 41 -- 46. The causation requirement also rules
out attenuated links -- that is, where the government action
is so far removed from its distant (even if predictable) ripple
effects that the plaintiffs cannot establish Article III stand-
ing. See Allen, 468 U. S., at 757 -- 759; cf. Department of
Commerce, 588 U. S., at 768.
The causation requirement is central to Article III stand-
ing. Like the injury in fact requirement, the causation
requirement screens out plaintiffs who were not injured by
the defendant's action. Without the causation requirement,
384 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Opinion of the Court

courts would be "virtually continuing monitors of the wis-
dom and soundness" of government action. Allen, 468 U. S.,
at 760 (quotation marks omitted).
Determining causation in cases involving suits by unregu-
lated parties against the government is admittedly not a
"mechanical exercise." Id., at 751. That is because the
causation inquiry can be heavily fact-dependent and a
"question of degree," as private petitioner's counsel aptly de-
scribed it here. Tr. of Oral Arg. 50. Unfortunately, apply-
ing the law of standing cannot be made easy, and that is
particularly true for causation. Just as causation in tort law
can pose line-drawing diffculties, so too can causation in
standing law when determining whether an unregulated
party has standing.
That said, the "absence of precise defnitions" has not left
courts entirely "at sea in applying the law of standing."
Allen, 468 U. S., at 751. Like "most legal notions, the stand-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing concepts have gained considerable defnition from devel-
oping case law." Ibid. As the Court has explained, in
"many cases the standing question can be answered chiefy
by comparing the allegations of the particular complaint
to those made in prior standing cases." Id., at 751 -- 752.
Stated otherwise, assessing standing "in a particular case
may be facilitated by clarifying principles or even clear rules
developed in prior cases." Id., at 752.
Consistent with that understanding of how standing prin-
ciples can develop and solidify, the Court has identifed a va-
riety of familiar circumstances where government regulation
of a third-party individual or business may be likely to cause
injury in fact to an unregulated plaintiff. For example,
when the government regulates (or under-regulates) a busi-
ness, the regulation (or lack thereof) may cause downstream
or upstream economic injuries to others in the chain, such as
certain manufacturers, retailers, suppliers, competitors, or
customers. E. g., National Credit Union Admin. v. First
Nat. Bank & Trust Co., (1998); Gen-
 Cite as: (2024) 385

Opinion of the Court

eral Motors Corp. v. Tracy, -- 287 (1997);
Barlow v. Collins, -- 164 (1970); Association
of Data Processing Service Organizations, Inc. v. Camp,
(1970). When the government regulates
parks, national forests, or bodies of water, for example, the
regulation may cause harm to individual users. E. g., Sum-
mers, 555 U. S., at 494. When the government regulates
one property, it may reduce the value of adjacent property.
The list goes on. See, e.g., Department of Commerce, 588
U. S., at 766 -- 768.
As those cases illustrate, to establish causation, the plain-
tiff must show a predictable chain of events leading from the
government action to the asserted injury -- in other words,
that the government action has caused or likely will cause
injury in fact to the plaintiff.2

B

Page
Here, theProof Pending
plaintiff doctors and medicalPublication
associations are un-
regulated parties who seek to challenge FDA's regulation
of others. Specifcally, FDA's regulations apply to doctors
prescribing mifepristone and to pregnant women taking mi-
fepristone. But the plaintiff doctors and medical associa-
tions do not prescribe or use mifepristone. And FDA has
not required the plaintiffs to do anything or to refrain from
doing anything.
The plaintiffs do not allege the kinds of injuries described
above that unregulated parties sometimes can assert to dem-
onstrate causation. Because the plaintiffs do not prescribe,
manufacture, sell, or advertise mifepristone or sponsor a
competing drug, the plaintiffs suffer no direct monetary inju-
2
In cases of alleged future injuries to unregulated parties from govern-
ment regulation, the causation requirement and the imminence element of
the injury in fact requirement can overlap. Both target the same issue:
Is it likely that the government's regulation or lack of regulation of some-
one else will cause a concrete and particularized injury in fact to the un-
regulated plaintiff?
386 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Opinion of the Court

ries from FDA's actions relaxing regulation of mifepristone.
Nor do they suffer injuries to their property, or to the value
of their property, from FDA's actions. Because the plain-
tiffs do not use mifepristone, they obviously can suffer no
physical injuries from FDA's actions relaxing regulation of
mifepristone.
Rather, the plaintiffs say that they are pro-life, oppose
elective abortion, and have sincere legal, moral, ideological,
and policy objections to mifepristone being prescribed and
used by others. The plaintiffs appear to recognize that
those general legal, moral, ideological, and policy concerns
do not suffce on their own to confer Article III standing to
sue in federal court. So to try to establish standing, the
plaintiffs advance several complicated causation theories to
connect FDA's actions to the plaintiffs' alleged injuries in
fact.
The frst set of causation theories contends that FDA's re-
laxed regulation of mifepristone may cause downstream con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
science injuries to the individual doctor plaintiffs and the
specifed members of the plaintiff medical associations, who
are also doctors. (We will refer to them collectively as "the
doctors.") The second set of causation theories asserts that
FDA's relaxed regulation of mifepristone may cause down-
stream economic injuries to the doctors. The third set of
causation theories maintains that FDA's relaxed regulation
of mifepristone causes injuries to the medical associations
themselves, who assert their own organizational standing.
As we will explain, none of the theories suffces to establish
Article III standing.
1
We frst address the plaintiffs' claim that FDA's relaxed
regulation of mifepristone causes conscience injuries to the
doctors.
The doctors contend that FDA's 2016 and 2021 actions will
cause more pregnant women to suffer complications from mi-
fepristone, and those women in turn will need more emer-
 Cite as: (2024) 387

Opinion of the Court

gency abortions by doctors. The plaintiff doctors say that
they therefore may be required -- against their consciences -- 
to render emergency treatment completing the abortions or
providing other abortion-related treatment.
The Government correctly acknowledges that a conscience
injury of that kind constitutes a concrete injury in fact for
purposes of Article III. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 11 -- 12; Trans-
Union, 594 U. S., at 425; see, e.g., Holt v. Hobbs, (2015). So doctors would have standing to challenge a
government action that likely would cause them to provide
medical treatment against their consciences.
But in this case -- even assuming for the sake of argument
that FDA's 2016 and 2021 changes to mifepristone's condi-
tions of use cause more pregnant women to require emer-
gency abortions and that some women would likely seek
treatment from these plaintiff doctors -- the plaintiff doctors
have not shown that they could be forced to participate in
Page Proof Pending Publication
an abortion or provide abortion-related medical treatment
over their conscience objections.
That is because, as the Government explains, federal con-
science laws defnitively protect doctors from being required
to perform abortions or to provide other treatment that vio-
lates their consciences. See 42 U. S. C. -- 7(c)(1); see
also H. R. 4366, 118th Cong., 2d Sess., Div. C, Title II,
(2024). The Church Amendments, for instance, speak
clearly. They allow doctors and other healthcare personnel
to "refus[e] to perform or assist" an abortion without punish-
ment or discrimination from their employers. 42 U. S. C.
-- 7(c)(1). And the Church Amendments more broadly
provide that doctors shall not be required to provide treat-
ment or assistance that would violate the doctors' religious
beliefs or moral convictions. -- 7(d). Most if not all
States have conscience laws to the same effect. See N. Sa-
wicki, Protections From Civil Liability in State Abortion
Conscience Laws, 322 JAMA 1918 (2019); see, e.g., Tex. Occ.
Code Ann..001 (West 2022).
388 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Opinion of the Court

Moreover, as the Government notes, federal conscience
protections encompass "the doctor's beliefs rather than par-
ticular procedures," meaning that doctors cannot be required
to treat mifepristone complications in any way that would
violate the doctors' consciences. Tr. of Oral Arg. 37; see
-- 7(c)(1). As the Government points out, that strong
protection for conscience remains true even in a so-called
healthcare desert, where other doctors are not readily avail-
able. Tr. of Oral Arg. 18.
Not only as a matter of law but also as a matter of fact,
the federal conscience laws have protected pro-life doctors
ever since FDA approved mifepristone in 2000. The plain-
tiffs have not identifed any instances where a doctor was
required, notwithstanding conscience objections, to perform
an abortion or to provide other abortion-related treatment
that violated the doctor's conscience. Nor is there any evi-
dence in the record here of hospitals overriding or failing to
accommodate doctors' conscience objections.
Page Proof Pending Publication
In other words, none of the doctors' declarations says any-
thing like the following: "Here is the treatment I provided,
here is how it violated my conscience, and here is why the
conscience protections were unavailable to me." Cf. 1 App.
153 -- 154 (Dr. Francis saw a patient suffering complications
from an abortion drug obtained from India; no allegation that
Dr. Francis helped perform an abortion); id., at 154 (Dr.
Francis witnessed another doctor perform an abortion; no
allegation that the other doctor raised conscience objections
or tried not to participate); id., at 163 -- 164 (doctor's hospital
treated women suffering complications from abortion drugs;
no allegation that the doctors treating the patients had or
raised conscience objections to the treatment they provided);
id., at 173 -- 174 (doctor treated a patient suffering from mife-
pristone complications; no description of what that treatment
involved and no statement that the doctor raised a conscience
objection to providing that treatment).
In response to all of that, the doctors still express fear
that another federal law, the Emergency Medical Treatment
 Cite as: (2024) 389

Opinion of the Court

and Labor Act or EMTALA, might be interpreted to over-
ride those federal conscience laws and to require individual
emergency room doctors to participate in emergency abor-
tions in some circumstances. See 42 U. S. C.. But
the Government has disclaimed that reading of EMTALA.
And we agree with the Government's view of EMTALA on
that point. EMTALA does not require doctors to perform
abortions or provide abortion-related medical treatment
over their conscience objections because EMTALA does not
impose obligations on individual doctors. See Brief for
United States 23,. As the Solicitor General succinctly
and correctly stated, EMTALA does not "override an indi-
vidual doctor's conscience objections." Tr. of Oral Arg. 18;
see also Tr. of Oral Arg. in Moyle v. United States, O. T.
2023, No. 23 -- 726 etc., pp. 88 -- 91 (Moyle Tr.). We agree with
the Solicitor General's representation that federal conscience
protections provide "broad coverage" and will "shield a doc-
tor who doesn't want to provide care in violation of those
Page Proof Pending Publication
protections." Tr. of Oral Arg. 18, 36.
The doctors say, however, that emergency room doctors
summoned to provide emergency treatment may not have
time to invoke federal conscience protections. But as the
Government correctly explained, doctors need not follow a
time-intensive procedure to invoke federal conscience pro-
tections. Reply Brief for United States 5. A doctor may
simply refuse; federal law protects doctors from repercus-
sions when they have "refused" to participate in an abortion.
-- 7(c)(1); Reply Brief for United States 5. And as the
Government states, "[h]ospitals must accommodate doctors
in emergency rooms no less than in other contexts." Ibid.
For that reason, hospitals and doctors typically try to plan
ahead for how to deal with a doctor's absence due to con-
science objections. Tr. of Oral Arg. 18; Moyle Tr. 89 -- 90.
And again, nothing in the record since 2000 supports plain-
tiffs' speculation that doctors will be unable to successfully
invoke federal conscience protections in emergency
circumstances.
390 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Opinion of the Court

In short, given the broad and comprehensive conscience
protections guaranteed by federal law, the plaintiffs have not
shown -- and cannot show -- that FDA's actions will cause
them to suffer any conscience injury. Federal law fully pro-
tects doctors against being required to provide abortions
or other medical treatment against their consciences -- and
therefore breaks any chain of causation between FDA's re-
laxed regulation of mifepristone and any asserted conscience
injuries to the doctors.3
2
In addition to alleging conscience injuries, the doctors cite
various monetary and related injuries that they allegedly
will suffer as a result of FDA's actions -- in particular, divert-
ing resources and time from other patients to treat patients
with mifepristone complications; increasing risk of liability
suits from treating those patients; and potentially increasing
insurance costs.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Those standing allegations suffer from the same prob-
lem -- a lack of causation. The causal link between FDA's
regulatory actions and those alleged injuries is too specula-
tive or otherwise too attenuated to establish standing.
To begin with, the claim that the doctors will incur those
injuries as a result of FDA's 2016 and 2021 relaxed regula-
tions lacks record support and is highly speculative. The
doctors have not offered evidence tending to suggest that
FDA's deregulatory actions have both caused an increase in
3
The doctors also suggest that they are distressed by others' use of
mifepristone and by emergency abortions. It is not clear that this alleged
injury is distinct from the alleged conscience injury. But even if it is, this
Court has long made clear that distress at or disagreement with the activi-
ties of others is not a basis under Article III for a plaintiff to bring a
federal lawsuit challenging the legality of a government regulation allow-
ing those activities. See, e.g., Valley Forge Christian College v. Ameri-
cans United for Separation of Church and State, Inc., 485 -- 486 (1982); United States v. Richardson, (1974);
Sierra Club v. Morton, (1972).
 Cite as: (2024) 391

Opinion of the Court

the number of pregnant women seeking treatment from the
plaintiff doctors and caused a resulting diversion of the doc-
tors' time and resources from other patients. Moreover, the
doctors have not identifed any instances in the past where
they have been sued or required to pay higher insurance
costs because they have treated pregnant women suffering
mifepristone complications. Nor have the plaintiffs offered
any persuasive evidence or reason to believe that the future
will be different.
In any event, and perhaps more to the point, the law has
never permitted doctors to challenge the government's loos-
ening of general public safety requirements simply because
more individuals might then show up at emergency rooms or
in doctors' offces with follow-on injuries. Stated otherwise,
there is no Article III doctrine of "doctor standing" that
allows doctors to challenge general government safety regu-
lations. Nor will this Court now create such a novel stand-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing doctrine out of whole cloth.
Consider some examples. EPA rolls back emissions
standards for power plants -- does a doctor have standing to
sue because she may need to spend more time treating
asthma patients? A local school district starts a middle
school football league -- does a pediatrician have standing to
challenge its constitutionality because she might need to
spend more time treating concussions? A federal agency in-
creases a speed limit from 65 to 80 miles per hour -- does an
emergency room doctor have standing to sue because he may
have to treat more car accident victims? The government
repeals certain restrictions on guns -- does a surgeon have
standing to sue because he might have to operate on more
gunshot victims?
The answer is no: The chain of causation is simply too at-
tenuated. Allowing doctors or other healthcare providers
to challenge general safety regulations as unlawfully lax
would be an unprecedented and limitless approach and would
392 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Opinion of the Court

allow doctors to sue in federal court to challenge almost any
policy affecting public health.4
And in the FDA drug-approval context, virtually all drugs
come with complications, risks, and side effects. Some
drugs increase the risk of heart attack, some may cause can-
cer, some may cause birth defects, and some heighten the
possibility of stroke. Approval of a new drug may therefore
yield more visits to doctors to treat complications or side
effects. So the plaintiffs' loose approach to causation would
also essentially allow any doctor or healthcare provider to
challenge any FDA decision approving a new drug. But
doctors have never had standing to challenge FDA's drug
approvals simply on the theory that use of the drugs by oth-
ers may cause more visits to doctors.
And if we were now to invent a new doctrine of doctor
standing, there would be no principled way to cabin such
a sweeping doctrinal change to doctors or other healthcare
providers. Firefghters could sue to object to relaxed build-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing codes that increase fre risks. Police offcers could sue
to challenge a government decision to legalize certain activi-
ties that are associated with increased crime. Teachers in
border states could sue to challenge allegedly lax immigra-
tion policies that lead to overcrowded classrooms.
We decline to start the Federal Judiciary down that un-
charted path. That path would seemingly not end until vir-
tually every citizen had standing to challenge virtually every
government action that they do not like -- an approach to
standing that this Court has consistently rejected as fatly
inconsistent with Article III.
We recognize that many citizens, including the plaintiff
doctors here, have sincere concerns about and objections to
others using mifepristone and obtaining abortions. But citi-
4
A safety law regulating hospitals or the doctors' medical practices ob-
viously would present a different issue -- either such a law would directly
regulate doctors, or the causal link at least would be substantially less
attenuated.
 Cite as: (2024) 393

Opinion of the Court

zens and doctors do not have standing to sue simply because
others are allowed to engage in certain activities -- at least
without the plaintiffs demonstrating how they would be in-
jured by the government's alleged under-regulation of oth-
ers. See Coalition for Mercury-Free Drugs v. Sebelius, 671
F. 3d 1275, 1277 (CADC 2012). Citizens and doctors who
object to what the law allows others to do may always take
their concerns to the Executive and Legislative Branches
and seek greater regulatory or legislative restrictions on cer-
tain activities.
In sum, the doctors in this case have failed to establish
Article III standing. The doctors have not shown that
FDA's actions likely will cause them any injury in fact. The
asserted causal link is simply too speculative or too attenu-
ated to support Article III standing.5

3

Page Proof
That leaves Pending
the medical associations'Publication
argument that the
associations themselves have organizational standing.
Under this Court's precedents, organizations may have
standing "to sue on their own behalf for injuries they have
sustained." Havens Realty Corp. v. Coleman, (1982). In doing so, however, organizations must

5
The doctors also suggest that they can sue in a representative capacity
to vindicate their patients' injuries or potential future injuries, even if the
doctors have not suffered and would not suffer an injury themselves.
This Court has repeatedly rejected such arguments. Under this Court's
precedents, third-party standing, as some have called it, allows a narrow
class of litigants to assert the legal rights of others. See Hollingsworth
v. Perry, (2013). But "even when we have allowed liti-
gants to assert the interests of others, the litigants themselves still must
have suffered an injury in fact, thus giving them a suffciently concrete
interest in the outcome of the issue in dispute." Ibid. (quotation marks
and alterations omitted). The third-party standing doctrine does not
allow doctors to shoehorn themselves into Article III standing simply by
showing that their patients have suffered injuries or may suffer future
injuries.
394 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Opinion of the Court

satisfy the usual standards for injury in fact, causation, and
redressability that apply to individuals. Id., at 378 -- 379.
According to the medical associations, FDA has "impaired"
their "ability to provide services and achieve their organiza-
tional missions." Brief for Respondents 43. That argu-
ment does not work to demonstrate standing.
Like an individual, an organization may not establish
standing simply based on the "intensity of the litigant's in-
terest" or because of strong opposition to the government's
conduct, Valley Forge, 454 U. S., at 486, "no matter how long-
standing the interest and no matter how qualifed the organi-
zation," Sierra Club v. Morton, (1972). A
plaintiff must show "far more than simply a setback to the
organization's abstract social interests." Havens, 455 U. S.,
at 379. The plaintiff associations therefore cannot assert
standing simply because they object to FDA's actions.
The medical associations say that they have demonstrated
Page Proof Pending Publication
something more here. They claim to have standing not
based on their mere disagreement with FDA's policies, but
based on their incurring costs to oppose FDA's actions.
They say that FDA has "caused" the associations to conduct
their own studies on mifepristone so that the associations
can better inform their members and the public about mife-
pristone's risks. Brief for Respondents 43. They contend
that FDA has "forced" the associations to "expend consider-
able time, energy, and resources" drafting citizen petitions
to FDA, as well as engaging in public advocacy and public
education. Id., at 44 (quotation marks omitted). And all
of that has caused the associations to spend "considerable
resources" to the detriment of other spending priorities.
Ibid.
But an organization that has not suffered a concrete injury
caused by a defendant's action cannot spend its way into
standing simply by expending money to gather information
and advocate against the defendant's action. An organiza-
tion cannot manufacture its own standing in that way.
 Cite as: (2024) 395

Opinion of the Court

The medical associations respond that under Havens Re-
alty Corp. v. Coleman, standing exists when an organization
diverts its resources in response to a defendant's actions.. That is incorrect. Indeed, that theory would
mean that all the organizations in America would have
standing to challenge almost every federal policy that they
dislike, provided they spend a single dollar opposing those
policies. Havens does not support such an expansive theory
of standing.
The relevant question in Havens was whether a housing
counseling organization, HOME, had standing to bring a claim
under the Fair Housing Act against Havens Realty, which
owned and operated apartment complexes. Id., at 368, 378.
Havens had provided HOME's black employees false infor-
mation about apartment availability -- a practice known as
racial steering. Id., at 366, and, 368. Critically, HOME
not only was an issue-advocacy organization, but also oper-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ated a housing counseling service. Id., at 368. And when
Havens gave HOME's employees false information about
apartment availability, HOME sued Havens because Havens
"perceptibly impaired HOME's ability to provide counseling
and referral services for low- and moderate-income home-
seekers." Id., at 379. In other words, Havens's actions di-
rectly affected and interfered with HOME's core business
activities -- not dissimilar to a retailer who sues a manufac-
turer for selling defective goods to the retailer.
That is not the kind of injury that the medical associations
have alleged here. FDA's actions relaxing regulation of mi-
fepristone have not imposed any similar impediment to the
medical associations' advocacy businesses.
At most, the medical associations suggest that FDA is not
properly collecting and disseminating information about mi-
fepristone, which the associations say in turn makes it more
diffcult for them to inform the public about safety risks.
But the associations have not claimed an informational in-
jury, and in any event the associations have not suggested
396 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Opinion of the Court

that federal law requires FDA to disseminate such informa-
tion upon request by members of the public. Cf. Federal
Election Comm'n v. Akins, (1998).
Havens was an unusual case, and this Court has been care-
ful not to extend the Havens holding beyond its context. So
too here.
Finally, it has been suggested that the plaintiffs here must
have standing because if these plaintiffs do not have stand-
ing, then it may be that no one would have standing to chal-
lenge FDA's 2016 and 2021 actions. For starters, it is not
clear that no one else would have standing to challenge
FDA's relaxed regulation of mifepristone. But even if no
one would have standing, this Court has long rejected that
kind of "if not us, who?" argument as a basis for standing.
See Clapper, 568 U. S., at 420 -- 421; Valley Forge, 454 U. S.,
at 489; Richardson, 418 U. S., at 179 -- 180. The "assumption"
that if these plaintiffs lack "standing to sue, no one would
have standing, is not a reason to fnd standing." Schle-
Page Proof Pending Publication
singer, 418 U. S., at 227. Rather, some issues may be left to
the political and democratic processes: The Framers of the
Constitution did not "set up something in the nature of an
Athenian democracy or a New England town meeting to
oversee the conduct of the National Government by means
of lawsuits in federal courts." Richardson, 418 U. S., at 179;
see Texas, 599 U. S., at 685.

* * *
The plaintiffs have sincere legal, moral, ideological, and
policy objections to elective abortion and to FDA's relaxed
regulation of mifepristone. But under Article III of the
Constitution, those kinds of objections alone do not establish
a justiciable case or controversy in federal court. Here, the
plaintiffs have failed to demonstrate that FDA's relaxed reg-
ulatory requirements likely would cause them to suffer an
injury in fact. For that reason, the federal courts are the
wrong forum for addressing the plaintiffs' concerns about
 Cite as: (2024) 397

Thomas, J., concurring

FDA's actions. The plaintiffs may present their concerns
and objections to the President and FDA in the regulatory
process, or to Congress and the President in the legislative
process. And they may also express their views about abor-
tion and mifepristone to fellow citizens, including in the polit-
ical and electoral processes.
"No principle is more fundamental to the judiciary's proper
role in our system of government than the constitutional lim-
itation of federal-court jurisdiction to actual cases or contro-
versies." Simon, 426 U. S., at 37. We reverse the judg-
ment of the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit and
remand the case for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Thomas, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full because it correctly ap-
Page Proof Pending Publication
plies our precedents to conclude that the Alliance for Hippo-
cratic Medicine and other plaintiffs lack standing. Our prec-
edents require a plaintiff to demonstrate that the defendant's
challenged actions caused his asserted injuries. And, the
Court aptly explains why plaintiffs have failed to establish
that the Food and Drug Administration's changes to the reg-
ulation of mifepristone injured them. Ante, at 385 -- 396.
The Court also rejects the plaintiff doctors' theory that
they have third-party standing to assert the rights of their
patients. Ante, at 393,. Our third-party standing prec-
edents allow a plaintiff to assert the rights of another person
when the plaintiff has a "close relationship with the person
who possesses the right" and "there is a hindrance to the
possessor's ability to protect his own interests." Kowalski
v. Tesmer, (2004). Applying these precedents, the Court explains
that the doctors cannot establish third-party standing to sue
for violations of their patients' rights without showing an
injury of their own. Ante, at 393,. But, there is a far
398 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Thomas, J., concurring

simpler reason to reject this theory: Our third-party stand-
ing doctrine is mistaken. As I have previously explained,
a plaintiff cannot establish an Article III case or contro-
versy by asserting another person's rights.1 See June
Medical Services L. L. C. v. Russo, 
(2020) (Thomas, J., dissenting); Kowalski, 543 U. S., at 135
(Thomas, J., concurring). So, just as abortionists lack
standing to assert the rights of their clients, doctors who
oppose abortion cannot vicariously assert the rights of their
patients.
I write separately to highlight what appear to be similar
problems with another theory of standing asserted in this
suit. The Alliance and other plaintiff associations claim that
they have associational standing to sue for their members'
injuries.2 Under the Court's precedents, "an association has
standing to bring suit on behalf of its members when: (a) its
members would otherwise have standing to sue in their own
Page Proof Pending Publication
right; (b) the interests it seeks to protect are germane to the
organization's purpose; and (c) neither the claim asserted nor
the relief requested requires the participation of individual
members in the lawsuit." Hunt v. Washington State Apple
Advertising Comm'n, (1977). If an associ-
ation can satisfy these requirements, we allow the associa-
tion to pursue its members' claims, without joining those
members as parties to the suit.
Associational standing, however, is simply another form of
third-party standing. And, the Court has never explained
or justifed either doctrine's expansion of Article III stand-

1
Certain forms of standing that may be representational in a general
sense, such as next friend standing, are "not inconsistent with this point."
June Medical Services L. L. C. v. Russo, (2020)
(Thomas, J., dissenting).
2
By "associational standing," I do not refer to standing premised upon
an association's own alleged injuries. Instead, I refer to the doctrine that
permits a plaintiff association to assert the rights of its members. See
Warth v. Seldin, (1975).
 Cite as: (2024) 399

Thomas, J., concurring

ing. In an appropriate case, we should explain just how the
Constitution permits associational standing.

I
Associational standing raises constitutional concerns by
relaxing both the injury and redressability requirements for
Article III standing. It also upsets other legal doctrines.
First, associational standing conficts with Article III by
permitting an association to assert its members' injuries in-
stead of its own. The "judicial power" conferred by Article
III "is limited to cases and controversies of the sort tradi-
tionally amenable to, and resolved by, the judicial process."
See June Medical, 591 U. S., at 364 (opinion of Thomas, J.). "[T]o ascertain the
scope of Article III's case-or-controversy requirement,"
courts therefore "refer directly to the traditional, funda-
mental limitations upon the powers of common-law courts."
Page Proof Pending Publication
Ibid.. Traditionally, a
plaintiff had to show a violation of his own rights to have his
claim considered by a common-law court. See id., at 364 -- 
366. So, "private parties could not bring suit to vindicate
the constitutional [or other legal] rights of individuals who
are not before the Court." Id., at 359. "After all, `[t]he
province of the court is, solely, to decide on the rights of
individuals,' " not to answer legal debates in the abstract.
Acheson Hotels, LLC v. Laufer, (2023)
(Thomas, J., concurring in judgment) ); see also ante, at 378 -- 380.
Associational standing seems to run roughshod over this
traditional understanding of the judicial power. Our doc-
trine permits an association to have standing based purely
upon a member's injury, not its own. If a single member
of an association has suffered an injury, our doctrine
permits that association to seek relief for its entire member-
ship -- even if the association has tens of millions of other,
non-injured members. See Brief for Professor F. Andrew
400 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Thomas, J., concurring

Hessick as Amicus Curiae 28 (explaining that, among other
associations, the American Association of Retired Person's
"potential standing is staggering" because our doctrine per-
mits it to "sue to redress" the injury of a single member
out of its "almost thirty-eight million members"). As I have
already explained in the context of third-party standing, Ar-
ticle III does not allow a plaintiff to seek to vindicate some-
one else's injuries. See June Medical, 591 U. S., at 364 -- 366
(opinion of Thomas, J.); Kowalski, 543 U. S., at 135 (opinion
of Thomas, J.). It is diffcult to see why that logic should
not apply with equal force to an association as to any other
plaintiff. I thus have serious doubts that an association can
have standing to vicariously assert a member's injury.
The Alliance's attempted use of our associational-standing
doctrine illustrates how far we have strayed from the tradi-
tional rule that plaintiffs must assert only their own injuries.
The Alliance is an association whose members are other as-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sociations. See 1 App. 9 -- 10. None of its members are
doctors. Instead, the Alliance seeks to have associational
standing based on injuries to the doctors who are members
of its member associations. Thus, the allegedly injured
parties -- the doctors -- are two degrees removed from the
party before us pursuing those injuries.
Second, our associational-standing doctrine does not ap-
pear to comport with the requirement that the plaintiff pres-
ent an injury that the court can redress. For a plaintiff to
have standing, a court must be able to "provid[e] a remedy
that can redress the plaintiff's injury." Uzuegbunam v.
Preczewski, (2021). But,
as explained, associational standing creates a mismatch: Al-
though the association is the plaintiff in the suit, it has no
injury to redress. The party who needs the remedy -- the
injured member -- is not before the court. Without such
members as parties to the suit, it is questionable whether
"relief to these nonparties... exceed[s] constitutional
bounds." Association of American Physicians & Surgeons
 Cite as: (2024) 401

Thomas, J., concurring

v. FDA, 13 F. 4th 531, 540 (CA6 2021); see also Department
of Homeland Security v. New York, 589 U. S. -- -- -- , -- -- -- (2020)
(Gorsuch, J., concurring in grant of stay) (explaining that
remedies "are meant to redress the injuries sustained by a
particular plaintiff in a particular lawsuit"); Brief for Profes-
sor F. Andrew Hessick as Amicus Curiae 18 ("A bedrock
principle of the Anglo-American legal system was that the
right to a remedy for an injury was personal").
Consider the remedial problem when an association seeks
an injunction, as the Alliance did here. See 1 App. 113.
"We have long held" that our equity jurisdiction is limited to
"the jurisdiction in equity exercised by the High Court of
Chancery in England at the time of the adoption of the Con-
stitution." Grupo Mexicano de Desarrollo, S. A. v. Alli-
ance Bond Fund, Inc., (1999). And, "as a
general rule, American courts of equity did not provide relief
beyond the parties to the case." Trump v. Hawaii, (2018) (Thomas, J., concurring). For associations,
Page Proof Pending Publication
that principle would mean that the relief could not extend
beyond the association. But, if a court entered "[a]n injunc-
tion that bars a defendant from enforcing a law or regulation
against the specifc party before the court -- the associa-
tional plaintiff -- [it would] not satisfy Article III because it
w[ould] not redress an injury." Association of American
Physicians & Surgeons, 13 F. 4th, at 540.3
Our precedents have provided a workaround for this obvi-
ous remedial problem through the invention of the so-called
3
This also raises the question of who should pick the remedy. Associa-
tions "may have very different interests from the individuals whose rights
they are raising." Kowalski v. Tesmer, (2004) (Thomas,
J., concurring). For example, an association might prefer an injunction
preventing the enforcement of a law that harms its members, while an
injured member may instead want damages to compensate him for his
injuries. Or perhaps a member would wish to settle the litigation,
whereas an association might want to continue the fight. Our
associational-standing doctrine ignores these obvious concerns.
402 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Thomas, J., concurring

"universal injunction." Universal injunctions typically
"prohibit the Government from enforcing a policy with re-
spect to anyone." Trump, 585 U. S., at 713, (Thomas, J.,
concurring). By providing relief beyond the parties to the
case, this remedy is "legally and historically dubious." Id.,
at 721; see also Labrador v. Poe, 601 U. S. -- -- -- , -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 
(2024) (Gorsuch, J., concurring in grant of stay). It seems
no coincidence that associational standing's "emergence in
the 1960s overlaps with the emergence of [this] remedial phe-
nomenon" of a similarly questionable nature. Association
of American Physicians & Surgeons, 13 F. 4th, at 541. Be-
cause no party should be permitted to obtain an injunction
in favor of nonparties, I have diffculty seeing why an associ-
ation should be permitted to do so for its members. Asso-
ciational standing thus seems to distort our traditional
understanding of the judicial power.
In addition to these Article III concerns, there is ten-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sion between associational standing and other areas of law.
First, the availability of associational standing subverts the
class-action mechanism. A class action allows a named
plaintiff to represent others with similar injuries, but it is
subject to the many requirements of Federal Rule of Civil
Procedure 23. Associational standing achieves that same
end goal: One lawsuit can provide relief to a large group of
people. "As compared to a class action," however, associa-
tional standing seems to require "show[ing] an injury to only
a single member," and the association "need not show that
litigation by representation is superior to individual litiga-
tion." 13A C. Wright, A. Miller, & E. Cooper, Federal Prac-
tice and Procedure.9.5, pp. 879 -- 880 (3d ed., Supp.
2023); see also Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23(a). Associational
standing thus allows a party to effectively bring a class ac-
tion without satisfying any of the ordinary requirements.
Second, associational standing creates the possibility of
asymmetrical preclusion. The basic idea behind preclusion
is that a party gets only one bite at the apple. If a party
 Cite as: (2024) 403

Thomas, J., concurring

litigates and loses an issue or claim, it can be barred from
reasserting that same issue or claim in another suit. In gen-
eral, preclusion prevents the relitigation of claims or issues
only by a party to a previous action, and we have been care-
ful to limit the exceptions to that rule. See Taylor v. Stur-
gell, -- 893 (2008). In the context of associa-
tional standing, the general rule would mean that preclusion
applies only to the association, even though the purpose of
the association's suit is to assert the injuries of its members.
See id., at 893 -- 896. But, if the association loses, it is not
clear whether the adverse judgment would bind the mem-
bers. See Automobile Workers v. Brock, 
(1986) (suggesting that, if an association fails to adequately
represent its members, "a judgment won against it might
not preclude subsequent claims by the association's members
without offending due process principles"). Associational
standing might allow a member two bites at the apple -- after
an association's claims are rejected, the underlying members
Page Proof Pending Publication
might be able to assert the exact same issues or claims in a
suit in their own names.
In short, our associational-standing doctrine appears to
create serious problems, both constitutional and otherwise.

II
I am particularly doubtful of associational-standing doc-
trine because the Court has never attempted to reconcile
it with the traditional understanding of the judicial power.
Instead, the Court departed from that traditional under-
standing without explanation, seemingly by accident. To
date, the Court has provided only practical reasons for its
doctrine.
For over a century and a half, the Court did not have a
separate standing doctrine for associations. As far as I can
tell, the Court did not expressly contemplate such a doctrine
until the late 1950s. In NAACP v. Alabama ex rel. Patter-
son, (1958), the Court permitted an association
404 FDA v. ALLIANCE FOR HIPPOCRATIC MEDICINE

Thomas, J., concurring

to assert the constitutional rights of its members to prevent
the disclosure of its membership lists. While the Court al-
lowed the NAACP to raise a challenge on behalf of its mem-
bers, it also acknowledged that the NAACP had arguably
faced an injury of its own. Id., at 459 -- 460. The Court,
however, soon discarded any notion that an association
needed to have its own injury, creating our modern
associational-standing doctrine. In National Motor
Freight Traffc Assn., Inc. v. United States, 
(1963) (per curiam), the Court suggested that an uninjured
industry group had standing to challenge a tariff schedule
on behalf of its members. Id., at 247. The Court offered
no explanation for how that theory of standing comported
with the traditional understanding of the judicial power. In
fact, the Court's entire analysis consisted of a one-paragraph
order denying rehearing. Since then, however, the Court
has parroted that "[e]ven in the absence of injury to itself,
Page Proof Pending Publication
an association may have standing solely as the representa-
tive of its members." Warth v. Seldin, 
(1975) (emphasis added; citing National Motor Freight Traf-
fc Assn., ); see also, e.g., Automobile Workers,
477 U. S., at 281. The Court has gone so far as to hold that
a state agency -- not a membership organization at all -- had
associational standing to "asser[t] the claims of the Washing-
ton apple growers and dealers who form its constituency."
Hunt, 432 U. S., at 344.
Despite its continued reliance on associational standing,
the Court has yet to explain how the doctrine comports with
Article III. When once asked to "reconsider and reject the
principles of associational standing" in favor of the class-
action mechanism, the Court justifed the doctrine solely by
reference to its "special features, advantageous both to the
individuals represented and to the judicial system as a
whole." Automobile Workers, 477 U. S., at 288 -- 289. Those
"special features" included an association's "pre-existing res-
ervoir of expertise and capital," and the fact that people
 Cite as: (2024) 405

Thomas, J., concurring

often join an association "to create an effective vehicle for
vindicating interests that they share with others." Id., at
289 -- 290. But, considerations of practical judicial policy can-
not overcome the Constitution's mandates. The lack of any
identifable justifcation further suggests that the Court
should reconsider its associational-standing doctrine.
* * *
No party challenges our associational-standing doctrine
today. That is understandable; the Court consistently
applies the doctrine, discussing only the fner points of its
operation. See, e.g., Students for Fair Admissions, Inc. v.
President and Fellows of Harvard College, -- 201 (2023). In this suit, rejecting our associational-
standing doctrine is not necessary to conclude that the plain-
tiffs lack standing. In an appropriate case, however, the
Court should address whether associational standing can be
squared with Article III's requirement that courts respect
Page Proof Pending Publication
the bounds of their judicial power.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 602 U. S. Part 1
Pages 572 -- 652

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 20, 2024

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
572 OCTOBER TERM, 2023

Syllabus

MOORE et ux. v. UNITED STATES

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the ninth circuit
No. 22 -- 800. Argued December 5, 2023 -- Decided June 20, 2024
Congress generally taxes the income of American business entities in one
of two ways. Some entities, such as S corporations and partnerships,
are taxed on a pass-through basis, where the entity itself does not pay
taxes. 26 U. S. C. -- 1362. Instead, the entity's income is attrib-
uted to the shareholders or partners, who then pay taxes on that income
even if the entity has not distributed any money or property to them.
(12), 701, 1366(a) -- (c). Other business entities do pay taxes di-
rectly on their income. Those entities' shareholders ordinarily are not
taxed on that income but are taxed when the entity distributes a divi-
dend or when the shareholder sells shares.
Congress treats American-controlled foreign corporations as pass-
through entities. Subpart F of the Internal Revenue Code attributes
income of those business entities to American shareholders and taxes
Page Proof Pending Publication
those shareholders on that income. -- 952. Subpart F, however,
applies only to a small portion of the foreign corporation's income,
mostly passive income. In 2017, Congress passed the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act. As relevant here, Congress imposed a one-time, backward-
looking, pass-through tax on some American shareholders of American-
controlled foreign corporations to address the trillions of dollars of
undistributed income that had been accumulated by those foreign corpo-
rations over the years. Known as the Mandatory Repatriation Tax, the
tax imposed a rate from 8 to 15.5 percent on the pro rata shares of
American shareholders. (1), (c), (d).
In this case, petitioners Charles and Kathleen Moore invested in the
American-controlled foreign corporation KisanKraft. From 2006 to
2017, KisanKraft generated a great deal of income but did not distribute
that income to its American shareholders. At the end of the 2017 tax
year, application of the new MRT resulted in a tax bill of $14,729 on the
Moores' pro rata share of KisanKraft's accumulated income from 2006
to 2017. The Moores paid the tax and then sued for a refund, claiming,
among other things, that the MRT violated the Direct Tax Clause of the
Constitution because, in their view, the MRT was an unapportioned di-
rect tax on their shares of KisanKraft stock. The District Court dis-
missed the suit, and the Ninth Circuit affrmed.
 Cite as: (2024) 573

Syllabus

Held: The MRT -- which attributes the realized and undistributed income
of an American-controlled foreign corporation to the entity's American
shareholders, and then taxes the American shareholders on their por-
tions of that income -- does not exceed Congress's constitutional author-
ity. Pp. 581 -- 600.
(a) Article I of the Constitution affords Congress broad power to lay
and collect taxes. That power includes direct taxes -- those imposed on
persons or property -- and indirect taxes -- those imposed on activities
or transactions. Direct taxes must be apportioned among the States
according to each State's population, while indirect taxes are permitted
without apportionment but must "be uniform throughout the United
States,", cl. 1. Taxes on income are indirect taxes, and the Six-
teenth Amendment confrms that taxes on income need not be appor-
tioned. Pp. 581 -- 584.
(b) The Government argues that the MRT is a tax on income and
therefore need not be apportioned. The Moores contend that the MRT
is a tax on property and that the tax is therefore unconstitutional be-
cause it is not apportioned. Income, the Moores argue, requires realiza-
tion, and the MRT does not tax any income that they have realized.
But the MRT does tax realized income -- namely, the income realized
by KisanKraft, which the MRT attributes to the shareholders. This
Page Proof Pending Publication
Court's longstanding precedents, refected in and reinforced by Con-
gress's longstanding practice, confrms that Congress may attribute an
entity's realized and undistributed income to the entity's shareholders
or partners and then tax the shareholders or partners on their portions
of that income. Pp. 584 -- 592.
(1) The Court's longstanding precedents plainly establish that,
when dealing with an entity's undistributed income, Congress may
either tax the entity or tax its shareholders or partners. Whichever
method Congress chooses, this Court has held that the tax remains a
tax on income. In Burk-Waggoner Oil Assn. v. Hopkins, the Court held that the status of a business entity under state law could
not limit Congress's power to tax a partnership's income as it chose,
taxing either the partnership or the partners. Id., at 114. The Court
reiterated that principle in Burnet v. Leininger,. Then,
in Heiner v. Mellon, the Court reaffrmed that Congress
may choose to tax either the partnership or the partners on the partner-
ship's undistributed income, even where state law did not allow the part-
ners to personally receive the income. The principle articulated in
Heiner also applies to corporations and their shareholders. Helvering
v. National Grocery Co.,. This line of precedents remains
good law and establishes the clear principle that Congress can attribute
574 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Syllabus

the undistributed income of an entity to the entity's shareholders or
partners and tax the shareholders or partners on their pro rata share
of the entity's undistributed income. Notably, the principle has repeat-
edly been invoked by the lower courts in upholding subpart F.
The Moores' reliance on Eisner v. Macomber, which
predates the Heiner and Helvering line of cases, is misplaced. There
the question was whether a distribution of additional stock to all exist-
ing shareholders was taxable income. The Court said no, that income
requires realization and that there was no change in the value of the
shareholders' total stock holdings in the corporation before and after
the stock distribution. The Court said separately in dicta that "what
is called the stockholder's share in the accumulated profts of the com-
pany is capital, not income." 252 U. S., at 219. The Moores' interpret
that language to mean that a tax attributing an entity's undistributed
income to its shareholders or partners is not an income tax. The clear
and defnitive holdings in Burk-Waggoner Oil, Heiner, and Helver-
ing render the Moores' reading of Eisner implausible. Those cases
squarely addressed attribution and allowed it, whereas Eisner did not
address attribution. Pp. 585 -- 590.
(2) Congress's longstanding practice of taxing the shareholders or
partners of a business entity on the entity's undistributed income re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
fects and reinforces the Court's precedents. For example, Congress
passed an 1864 income-tax law that taxed shareholders or partners on
"the gains and profts of all companies." 13 Stat. 282. In 1913, Con-
gress enacted a new income tax that, among other things, taxed part-
ners on their "share of the profts of a partnership." 38 Stat. 169. As
new business entities arose, Congress employed a similar approach to S
corporations, 26 U. S. C. -- 1362; American shareholders of foreign
business entities, 50 Stat. 822; and American shareholders of American-
controlled foreign corporations, 26 U. S. C., 952, 957. Pp. 590 -- 592.
(c) The Moores attempt to distinguish the MRT from those taxes long
imposed by Congress and long upheld by this Court and argue that only
the MRT is unconstitutional. Their ad hoc distinctions do not under-
mine the clear rule established by this Court's precedents. First, the
Moores argue that taxes on partnerships are distinguishable from the
MRT and not controlled by precedent because partnerships are not sep-
arate entities from their partners. But that assertion is incorrect.
When the Sixteenth Amendment was ratifed, the courts, Congress, and
state legislatures treated partnerships as separate entities in many con-
texts, and numerous States imposed taxes directly on partnerships for
partnership income. The federal and state treatment of partnerships
as separate legal entities for tax purposes contravenes the Moores' the-
ory. Second, the Moores argue that taxes on S corporations are distin-
 Cite as: (2024) 575

Syllabus

guishable from the MRT because shareholders of S corporations choose
to be taxed directly on corporation income. But consent cannot explain
Congress's authority to tax the shareholders of S corporations directly
on corporate income. Rather, S corporations are another example of
Congress's authority to either tax the corporation itself on corporate
income or attribute the undistributed income to the shareholders and
tax the shareholders. Third, the Moores try to distinguish Congress's
long history of taxing shareholders of closely held foreign corporations -- 
including through subpart F -- on the ground that those laws apply "the
doctrine of constructive realization." That term seems to be a one-off
label created by the Moores to allow them to sidestep any existing tax
that does not comport with their proposed constitutional rule. In any
event, the Moores' constructive-realization theory does not distinguish
the MRT from subpart F and other pass-through taxes. For example,
the Moores claim that constructive realization turns on a suffcient de-
gree of control over the entity. But the level of shareholder control
with the MRT (at least 10 percent) is the same as under the longstanding
subpart F tax. And if, as the Moores concede, subpart F is not uncon-
stitutional under the "constructive realization" theory, then the MRT is
likewise not unconstitutional on that theory. Pp. 592 -- 597.
(d) The Court's holding is narrow and limited to entities treated as
Page Proof Pending Publication
pass-throughs. Nothing in this opinion should be read to authorize any
hypothetical congressional effort to tax both an entity and its sharehold-
ers or partners on the same undistributed income realized by the entity.
Nor does this decision attempt to resolve the parties' disagreement over
whether realization is a constitutional requirement for an income tax.
Pp. 598 -- 600.
36 F. 4th 930, affrmed.

Kavanaugh, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Rob-
erts, C. J., and Sotomayor, Kagan, and Jackson, JJ., joined. Jackson,
J., fled a concurring opinion, post, p. 600. Barrett, J., fled an opinion
concurring in the judgment, in which Alito, J., joined, post, p. 604.
Thomas, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Gorsuch, J., joined, post,
p. 620.

Andrew M. Grossman argued the cause for petitioners.
With him on the briefs were David B. Rivkin, Jr., Jeffrey H.
Paravano, Kristin Shapiro, Dan Greenberg, Sam Kazman,
and Devin Watkins.
Solici tor General Prelogar argued the cause for the
United States. With her on the brief were Deputy Assist-
576 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Counsel

ant Attorney General Hubbert, Deputy Solicitor General
Gannon, Ephraim A. McDowell, Francesca Ugolini, Mi-
chael J. Haungs, and Douglas C. Rennie.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the State of West
Virginia et al. by Patrick Morrisey, Attorney General of West Virginia,
Lindsay S. See, Solicitor General, Michael R. Williams, Principal Deputy
Solicitor General, and Grant A. Newman, Assistant Solicitor General, and
by the Attorneys General and other offcials for their respective States as
follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Tim Griffn of Arkansas, Chris Carr
of Georgia, Raúl Labrador of Idaho, Todd Rokita of Indiana, Brenna Bird
of Iowa, Daniel Cameron of Kentucky, Jeff Landry of Louisiana, Lynn
Fitch of Mississippi, Austin Knudsen of Montana, Drew Wrigley of North
Dakota, Dave Yost of Ohio, Gentner Drummond of Oklahoma, Alan Wil-
son of South Carolina, Angela Colmenero, Provisional Attorney General
of Texas, and Jason Miyares of Virginia; for Americans for Tax Reform
by Steven A. Engel and Michael H. McGinley; for the Atlantic Legal
Foundation by Lawrence S. Ebner; for The Buckeye Institute et al. by
Larry J. Obhof, Jr., Robert Alt, David C. Tryon, and Elizabeth Gaudio
Milito; for the Cato Institute by Anastasia P. Boden and Thomas A.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Berry; for the Chamber of Commerce of the United States of America by
Gordon D. Todd, Joshua J. Fougere, Jonathan D. Urick, and Tyler S.
Badgley; for Former Attorney General Edwin Meese III et al. by Philip
Williamson; for FreedomWorks Inc. by Richard A. Epstein and John Yoo;
for the Independent Women's Law Center by Kathryn E. Tarbert and
Gene C. Schaerr; for Individual Taxpayers by Linda Coberly; for the Land-
mark Legal Foundation by Matthew C. Forys, Michael J. O'Neill, and
Richard P. Hutchison; for the Liberty Justice Center by Jacob Huebert;
for the Manhattan Institute for Policy Research et al. by Michael B. Kim-
berly and Ilya Shapiro; for the National Taxpayers Union Foundation by
Joseph D. Henchman and Tyler Martinez; for the Pacifc Research Insti-
tute by Erik S. Jaffe; for the Philanthropy Roundtable by Ilya Shapiro
and Trevor Burrus; for Saving America's Family Enterprises et al. by
Neal Kumar Katyal and Michael J. West; for Sixteenth Amendment In-
sights, LLC, et al. by William E. Jacobs; for the Southeastern Legal Foun-
dation et al. by Thomas R. McCarthy, J. Michael Connolly, Kimberly S.
Hermann, and Braden H. Boucek; for the Southern Policy Law Institute
by Theodore M. Cooperstein; for Hank Adler by Madison S. Spach, Jr.;
and for Mark E. Berg by William A. Harvey.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of
Arizona et al. by Kristin K. Mayes, Attorney General of Arizona, Daniel
C. Barr, Chief Deputy Attorney General, Joshua D. Bendor, Solicitor Gen-
 Cite as: (2024) 577

Opinion of the Court

Justice Kavanaugh delivered the opinion of the Court.
For tax purposes, Congress has long treated some corpora-
tions and partnerships as pass-throughs: Congress does not
tax the entity on its income, but instead attributes the undis-
tributed income of the entity to the shareholders or partners
and then taxes the shareholders or partners on that income.
This Court has long upheld those taxes.
Since 1962, Congress has likewise treated American-
controlled foreign corporations as pass-throughs. That 1962
law (known as subpart F) attributes certain income, mostly
passive income, of American-controlled foreign corporations

eral, and Alexander W. Samuels, Principal Deputy Solicitor General, and
by the Attorneys General for their respective jurisdictions as follows: Rob
Bonta of California, Philip J. Weiser of Colorado, William Tong of Con-
necticut, Brian L. Schwalb of the District of Columbia, Anne E. Lopez of
Hawaii, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Aaron M. Frey of Maine, Anthony G.
Brown of Maryland, Dana Nessel of Michigan, Keith Ellison of Minnesota,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey, Letitia James of New York, Ellen F.
Rosenblum of Oregon, Michelle A. Henry of Pennsylvania, Charity R.
Clark of Vermont, and Robert W. Ferguson of Washington; for the Ameri-
can College of Tax Counsel by Richard M. Corn and Lucas Kowalczyk;
for the American Tax Policy Institute by Stephen B. Land, Philip Wag-
man, and Lawrence M. Hill; for Main Street Alliance et al. by Jeffrey B.
Dubner and Skye L. Perryman; for Professors of Tax Law et al. by Amy
Marshak; for Tax Economists by David W. T. Daniels; for the Tax Law
Center at NYU Law et al. by Jonathan E. Taylor; for Tax Professors by
Donald B. Tobin, pro se; for Bruce Ackerman et al. by Kelsi Stayart
White, Jane Langdell Robinson, and Sammy Ford IV; for Akhil Reed
Amar et al. by Vikram David Amar, pro se; for Reuven Avi-Yonah et al.
by Andrew Weiner, Caroline D. Ciraolo, and Bryan C. Skarlatos; for John
R. Brooks et al. by Elizabeth B. Wydra, Brianne J. Gorod, and Brian R.
Frazelle; for George A. Callas et al. by Amit Agarwal and Joshua D.
Odintz; for Amandeep S. Grewal, pro se; for Calvin H. Johnson, pro se;
and for Theodore P. Seto, pro se.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for Professors of Law et al. by Elbert
Lin and Thomas B. Griffth; for the Small Business and Entrepreneurship
Council by Jonathan C. Bond, Lucas C. Townsend, and Saul Mezei; for
Stop Extraterritorial American Taxation (SEAT) et al. by Laura Snyder;
for L. E. Simmons by Lisa H. Schertler; and for Alex Zhang by Paul Koster.
578 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

to their American shareholders and then taxes those share-
holders on that income.
In 2017, Congress enacted a new law that attributes more
income, including active business income, of American-
controlled foreign corporations to their American sharehold-
ers and then taxes those shareholders on that income. The
question is whether that 2017 tax (known as the Mandatory
Repatriation Tax or MRT) is constitutional under Article I,
and 9 and the Sixteenth Amendment. This Court's
longstanding precedents establish that the answer is yes.

I
A
In general, Congress taxes the income of American busi-
ness entities such as corporations and partnerships in one of
two ways.
First, some entities such as S corporations and partner-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ships are taxed on a pass-through basis. (S corporations are
corporations with 100 or fewer shareholders where the
shareholders have elected to be taxed on a pass-through
basis. 26 U. S. C. -- 1362.) Instead of the entity itself
paying taxes, income is attributed to the entity's owners,
such as shareholders or partners, who then pay taxes on the
income of the entity even if the entity has not distributed
any money or property to them. (12), 701, 1366(a) -- (c).
Second, other entities are taxed directly on their income.
For example, some corporations fle a return and pay taxes
each year just like individual taxpayers.. When a
corporation pays taxes on its income, its shareholders are
ordinarily not taxed on that income. Instead, the sharehold-
ers typically pay taxes either when the corporation distrib-
utes money, stock, or other property to them as a dividend
or when the shareholders sell their shares and have capital
gains. (7), 1001. But the shareholders are not
taxed on the corporate income itself.
 Cite as: (2024) 579

Opinion of the Court

Congress has devised more nuanced rules for foreign enti-
ties such as foreign corporations. For legal and practical
reasons, Congress generally does not directly tax foreign
corporations, including American-controlled foreign corpora-
tions, on the income that they earn outside of the United
States. Instead, Congress has imposed some taxes on in-
come of those corporations on a pass-through basis.
Most notably, starting in 1962, in what is known as sub-
part F of the Internal Revenue Code, Congress has treated
American-controlled foreign corporations as pass-through
entities: Subpart F attributes income of the corporation to
American shareholders, and taxes those American share-
holders on that income. 26 U. S. C. -- 952. But sub-
part F applies only to a small portion of the foreign corpora-
tion's income, mostly passive income.
In 2017, Congress passed and President Trump signed the
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 131 Stat. 2054. In a variety of
Page Proof Pending Publication
ways not relevant to this case, the Act altered the United
States' approach to international corporate taxation. The
primary goal was to encourage Americans who controlled
foreign corporations to invest earnings from their foreign in-
vestments back in the United States instead of abroad.
As relevant here, one piece of that intricate and multi-
faceted 2017 Act imposed a new, one-time pass-through tax
on some American shareholders of American-controlled for-
eign corporations. That one-time tax addressed one of the
problems that had arisen under the old system: For decades
before the 2017 Act, American-controlled foreign corpora-
tions had earned and accumulated trillions of dollars in in-
come abroad that went almost entirely untaxed by the
United States. The foreign corporations themselves were
not taxed on their income. And other than subpart F, which
applies mostly to passive income, the undistributed income
of those foreign corporations was not attributed to American
shareholders for the shareholders to be taxed.
580 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

As part of the complicated transition to a more territorial
system, the 2017 Act imposed a one-time, backward-looking
tax on that accumulated income. That backward-looking
tax is known as the Mandatory Repatriation Tax or MRT.. Similar in structure to subpart F, the MRT attrib-
uted the long-accumulated and undistributed income of
American-controlled foreign corporations to American share-
holders, and then taxed those American shareholders on
their pro rata shares of that long-accumulated income at a
rate from 8 to 15.5 percent., (c), (d).1
B
In 2006, Charles and Kathleen Moore invested $40,000 in
an American-controlled foreign corporation that one of their
friends had started in India. In return, the Moores received
a 13-percent ownership share. The company, KisanKraft,
generated a great deal of income. But as of 2017, Kisan-
Kraf t had not distributed that income to its American
Page Proof Pending Publication
shareholders, including the Moores, meaning that neither
KisanKraft nor the Moores had paid U. S. taxes on that
income.
The MRT applied to the Moores because of their invest-
ment in KisanKraft. By the end of the 2017 tax year, the
Moores' pro rata share of KisanKraft's accumulated income
from 2006 to 2017 totaled about $508,000. After factoring
in a deduction that is not relevant here, the Moores declared
$132,512 in income under the MRT based on their KisanKraft
shares. They owed $14,729 in taxes on that income.
The Moores paid that amount, then sued for a refund.
They claimed that the MRT was unconstitutional for two rea-
sons. First, they argued that the MRT violated the Direct
Tax Clause of the Constitution because, in their view, the
MRT was an unapportioned direct tax on their shares of
1
The Act also imposed a similar pass-through tax going forward.. That tax applies to what is referred to as "global intangible low-
taxed income.". That tax is not at issue in this case.
 Cite as: (2024) 581

Opinion of the Court

KisanKraft stock. Second, they contended that the MRT
violated the Due Process Clause of the Fifth Amendment
because it applied retroactively to past income.
The District Court dismissed the suit, and the U. S. Court
of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affrmed. The Court of Ap-
peals held that the MRT constitutes a tax on income within
the meaning of the Constitution because "KisanKraft earned
signifcant income, and the MRT assigns only a pro-rata
share of that income to the Moores." 36 F. 4th 930, 936 -- 937
(2022). The Court of Appeals also rejected the Moores' due
process claim regarding retroactivity. Id., at 938 -- 939.
The Moores sought review in this Court, raising only their
Direct Tax Clause argument. This Court granted certio-
rari. (2023).

II
We must decide whether the 2017 Mandatory Repatriation
Page Proof Pending Publication
Tax, or MRT, exceeds Congress's constitutional authority.
To analyze that question, we begin with a brief review of
Congress's taxing power under the Constitution.
After Independence in 1776 and under the Articles of Con-
federation in effect from 1781 to 1789, the Federal Govern-
ment relied primarily on contributions from the States for
revenue. The Federal Government's expenses and needs
sometimes far outpaced the contributions that the States
were willing to provide. As George Washington famously
recognized during the Revolutionary War, reliance on the
States to fund the National Government hampered impor-
tant national priorities -- including the war against the Brit-
ish. 12 Papers of George Washington: Revolutionary War
Series 683 -- 687 (P. Chase & F. Grizzard eds. 2002) (letter
from Valley Forge).
The National Government's continuing revenue problems
under the Articles of Confederation helped prompt the Con-
stitutional Convention that convened in Philadelphia in the
summer of 1787. The Federalist No. 30 (A. Hamilton). The
582 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Framers responded to the revenue problem by granting Con-
gress an expansive taxing power.
Article I of the Constitution affords Congress broad
"Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-
cises." Art. I, cl. 1. That power includes " `two great
classes of ' " taxes -- direct taxes and indirect taxes. Bru-
shaber v. Union Pacifc R. Co., (1916).
Generally speaking, direct taxes are those taxes imposed
on persons or property. See National Federation of Inde-
pendent Business v. Sebelius, -- 571 (2012).
As a practical matter, however, Congress has rarely enacted
direct taxes because the Constitution requires that direct
taxes be apportioned among the States. To be apportioned,
direct taxes must be imposed "in Proportion to the Census
of Enumeration." U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 4; see also,
cl. 3. In other words, direct taxes must be apportioned
among the States according to each State's population.
So if Congress imposed a property tax on every American
Page Proof Pending Publication
homeowner, the citizens of a State with fve percent of the
population would pay fve percent of the total property tax,
even if the value of their combined property added up to only
three percent of the total value of homes in the United
States. To pay fve percent, the tax rate on the citizens of
that State would need to be substantially higher than the
tax rate in a neighboring State with the same population but
more valuable homes.
To state the obvious, that kind of complicated and politi-
cally unpalatable result has made direct taxes diffcult to
enact. Indeed, the parties have cited no apportioned direct
taxes in the current Internal Revenue Code, and it appears
that Congress has not enacted an apportioned tax since the
Civil War. See 12 Stat. 297; E. Jensen, The Taxing Power:
A Reference Guide to the United States Constitution 89
(2005).
By contrast, indirect taxes are the familiar federal taxes
imposed on activities or transactions. That category of
taxes includes duties, imposts, and excise taxes, as well as
 Cite as: (2024) 583

Opinion of the Court

income taxes. U. S. Const., Art. I, cl. 1; Amdt. 16.
Under the Constitution, indirect taxes must "be uniform
throughout the United States." Art. I, cl. 1. A " `tax
is uniform when it operates with the same force and effect
in every place where the subject of it is found.' " United
States v. Ptasynski, (1983).
Because income taxes are indirect taxes, they are permit-
ted under Article I, without apportionment. As this
Court has said, Article I, 's grant of taxing power "is
exhaustive," meaning that it could "never" reasonably be
"questioned from the" Founding that it included the power
"to lay and collect income taxes." Brushaber, 240 U. S., at
12 -- 13. In 1861, Congress enacted the Nation's frst unap-
portioned income tax. 12 Stat. 309. The Civil War income
tax was recognized as an indirect tax "under the head of
excises, duties and imposts." Brushaber, 240 U. S., at 15;
see also Springer v. United States, 602
(1881).
Page Proof Pending Publication
In 1895, however, in Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust
Co., this Court held that a tax on income from property
equated to a tax on the property itself, and thus was a direct
tax that had to be apportioned among the States. -- 628. The Pollock decision sparked signifcant con-
fusion and controversy throughout the United States.
Congress and the States responded to Pollock by approv-
ing a new constitutional amendment. Ratifed in 1913, the
Sixteenth Amendment rejected Pollock's confation of (i) in-
come from property and (ii) the property itself. The
Amendment provides: "The Congress shall have power to
lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source de-
rived, without apportionment among the several States, and
without regard to any census or enumeration." U. S. Const.,
Amdt. 16.
Therefore, the Sixteenth Amendment expressly confrmed
what had been the understanding of the Constitution before
Pollock: Taxes on income -- including taxes on income from
property -- are indirect taxes that need not be apportioned.
584 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Brushaber, 240 U. S., at 15, 18. Meanwhile, property taxes
remain direct taxes that must be apportioned. See Helve-
ring v. Independent Life Ins. Co., -- 379 (1934).

III
With that background, we turn to the 2017 Mandatory Re-
patriation Tax. The MRT is not apportioned among the
States. The Government argues that the MRT is a tax on
income and therefore need not be apportioned. The Moores
contend that the MRT is a tax on property, rather than a
tax on income, and that the tax is therefore unconstitutional
because it is not apportioned.
What distinguishes income from property? The Moores
argue that income requires realization. The Moores say
that realization occurs when gains come into the taxpayer's
coffers -- for example, through wages, sales, or dividends, as
distinct from appreciation in the value of a home, stock in-
Page Proof Pending Publication
vestment, or other property. And the Moores contend that
the MRT does not tax any income that they have realized.
Critically, however, the MRT does tax realized income -- 
namely, income realized by the corporation, KisanKraft.
The MRT attributes the income of the corporation to the
shareholders, and then taxes the shareholders (including the
Moores) on their share of that undistributed corporate
income.
So the precise and narrow question that the Court ad-
dresses today is whether Congress may attribute an entity's
realized and undistributed income to the entity's sharehold-
ers or partners, and then tax the shareholders or partners
on their portions of that income. This Court's longstanding
precedents, refected in and reinforced by Congress's long-
standing practice, establish that the answer is yes.2

2
As discussed below, infra, at 598 -- 599, our analysis today does not ad-
dress the distinct issues that would be raised by (i) an attempt by Con-
gress to tax both the entity and the shareholders or partners on the
 Cite as: (2024) 585

Opinion of the Court

A
Congress sometimes chooses to tax a business entity itself
on the income that the entity earns. Alternatively, Con-
gress sometimes elects to treat an entity as a pass-through -- 
attributing the entity's undistributed income to the share-
holders or partners and then taxing the shareholders or
partners on that income. Either way, this Court has held
that the tax remains a tax on income -- and thus an indirect
tax that need not be apportioned.
In 1925, in Burk-Waggoner Oil Assn. v. Hopkins, the
Court articulated that fundamental principle..
The case involved a tax on the income of an entity that state
law treated as a partnership. Under state law, the partner-
ship's property was considered the property of the partners.
For that reason, the partnership argued that Congress had
to tax the partners on the income and could not tax the
partnership.
Page Proof Pending Publication
This Court rejected that argument. The Court stated:
"Neither the conception of unincorporated associations pre-
vailing under the local law, nor the relation under that law
of the association to its shareholders, nor their relation to
each other and to outsiders, is of legal signifcance as bearing
upon the power of Congress to determine how and at what
rate the income of the joint enterprise shall be taxed." Id.,
at 114. In other words, Congress could tax the income as it
chose, taxing either the partnership or the partners on the
partnership's undistributed income. So the tax on the part-
nership was proper.
In 1932, in Burnet v. Leininger, the Court reiterated that
principle.. There, the Court considered "the
validity" of a tax attributing partnership income to part-
ners. Id., at 142. The Court again held that "Congress,
having the authority to tax the net income of partnerships,

entity's undistributed income; (ii) taxes on holdings, wealth, or net worth;
or (iii) taxes on appreciation.
586 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

could impose the liability upon the partnership directly,"
or it could impose tax liability "upon the individuals carry-
ing on business in partnership." Ibid. (quotation marks
omitted).
Next, in 1938 in Heiner v. Mellon, the Court again ad-
dressed a situation closely akin to the Moores' case here -- a
tax on partners for the undistributed income of their part-
nership.. In that case, the partnership
earned income, but state law did not allow the partners to
personally receive the income. Nonetheless, under the rele-
vant federal tax law, the individual partners owed taxes on
the partnership's income. The partners argued that Con-
gress could not tax them on income that they did not and
could not personally receive.
This Court upheld the tax on the partners, reasoning that
it was immaterial that the partners did not actually receive
the income earned by the partnership. The Court reaf-
Page Proof Pending Publication
frmed that Congress may choose to tax either the partner-
ship or the partners on the partnership's undistributed
income.
The principle articulated by this Court in Heiner v. Mellon
also applies to corporations and their shareholders. On the
same day in 1938 that the Court decided Heiner v. Mellon,
the Court also decided Helvering v. National Grocery Co.
In that case, the Court ruled that the controlling shareholder
of a corporation could not "prevent Congress, if it chose to
do so, from laying on him individually the tax on the year's
profts.". Citing Heiner v. Mellon, the
Court stated that Congress may tax shareholders of the cor-
poration on the corporation's undistributed income, in much
the same way that Congress can tax the partners of a part-
nership on the partnership's undistributed income. 304
U. S., at 288 -- 289.
So by 1938, this Court's precedents had established a clear
rule that directly contradicts the Moores' argument in this
case. That line of precedent remains good law to this day.
 Cite as: (2024) 587

Opinion of the Court

Indeed, since then, it has gone without serious question in
both Congress and the federal courts that Congress can at-
tribute the undistributed income of an entity to the entity's
shareholders or partners, and tax the shareholders or part-
ners on their pro rata share of the entity's undistributed
income.
Most notably, the courts have repeatedly invoked that
principle in upholding subpart F, which Congress enacted
in 1962. Like the MRT, subpart F treats certain foreign
corporations as pass-throughs by attributing undistributed
income of foreign corporations to their American sharehold-
ers, and then taxing the American shareholders on their
pro rata shares of the income. As the Second Circuit con-
cluded in a leading case upholding subpart F: The constitu-
tional challenge to subpart F "borders on the frivolous" in
light of Heiner v. Mellon. Garlock, Inc. v. Commissioner,
489 F. 2d 197, 202 -- 203, and (1973); see also Estate of
Page Proof Pending Publication
Whitlock v. Commissioner, 59 T. C. 490, 507 (1972) (The "Su-
preme Court's pronouncements have been to the effect that
taxation of undistributed current corporate income at the
stockholder level rather than at the corporate level is within
the congressional power"), aff'd in relevant part, 494 F. 2d
1297, 1301 (CA10 1974) (adopting the Tax Court's analysis);
B. Bittker & L. Lokken, Federal Taxation of Income, Estates
and Gifts ¶1.2.4 (2024) (noting the consensus in favor of Con-
gress's power to tax foreign corporations as pass-through
businesses); cf. Eder v. Commissioner, 138 F. 2d 27, 28 (CA2
1943) ("In a variety of circumstances it has been held that
the fact that the distribution of income is prevented by oper-
ation of law, or by agreement among private parties, is no
bar to its taxability").
In response to that dispositive line of precedents against
them, the Moores invoke the Court's earlier 1920 decision in
Eisner v. Macomber,. The Moores argue that
some language in Eisner v. Macomber is inconsistent with
the rule subsequently established in Burk-Waggoner Oil
588 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Assn. v. Hopkins, Heiner v. Mellon, and Helvering v. Na-
tional Grocery Co. and followed ever since by Congress and
the federal courts.
The Moores' reliance on Eisner v. Macomber with respect
to the attribution issue is misplaced. Importantly, Eisner v.
Macomber was not a case about Congress's power to attrib-
ute the income of an entity to the entity's shareholders or
partners. Rather, the Court in Eisner v. Macomber ad-
dressed a situation where a corporation created and distrib-
uted additional stock to existing shareholders. 252 U. S., at
200. The corporation distributed the additional shares of
stock in proportion to each shareholder's percentage of own-
ership. Id., at 210 -- 211. So the actual value of the share-
holders' total stock holdings in the corporation did not
change. Ibid.
The question in Eisner v. Macomber was whether the new
stock was nonetheless taxable income for the shareholders.
Id., at 199. The Court said no. Id., at 212. The Court rea-
Page Proof Pending Publication
soned that there was no change in the value of the sharehold-
ers' total stock holdings in the corporation before and after
the stock distribution. Id., at 210 -- 211. So the new stock
did not represent any kind of economic gain to the sharehold-
ers. Ibid. And the Court further stated that income re-
quires realization. Id., at 207, 211 -- 212. Yet neither the
corporation nor the shareholders had realized income from
the corporation's creation and distribution of additional
stock. Id., at 210 -- 213.3
3
The Government argues that a gain does not need to be realized to
constitute income under the Constitution. The Government contends that
Eisner v. Macomber's discussion of realization was dicta because the stock
dividend did not represent any kind of economic gain (realized or unreal-
ized) for the shareholders. The Government further contends that Eisner
v. Macomber's discussion of realization has, in any event, been abrogated
by later decisions of this Court, such as Helvering v. Bruun, 
(1940), Helvering v. Griffths, (1943), and Commissioner v.
Glenshaw Glass Co., (1955). Because the MRT taxes real-
 Cite as: (2024) 589

Opinion of the Court

Separate from that analysis, the Court went on to say in
dicta that "what is called the stockholder's share in the accu-
mulated profts of the company is capital, not income." Id.,
at 219. Because the corporation had already paid taxes on
its income, that statement and the surrounding discussion
may have been designed to cast doubt on the legality of dou-
ble taxation -- taxing both the corporation and its sharehold-
ers on the corporation's undistributed income. See, e. g.,
Brief for American College of Tax Counsel as Amicus Cu-
riae 16 -- 17; Brief for Tax Law Center at NYU Law et al. as
Amici Curiae 6 -- 7.
But the Moores interpret that language in Eisner v. Ma-
comber to mean that a tax attributing an entity's undistribu-
ted income to its shareholders or partners is not an income
tax. The Moores' reading is implausible. The Court in
Eisner v. Macomber did not purport to address attribution,
no doubt because the tax at issue there did not attribute
income of the corporation to the shareholders. And if there
Page Proof Pending Publication
were any ambiguity on that point, it was quickly eliminated
by this Court's clear and defnitive holdings in Burk-
Waggoner Oil Assn. v. Hopkins, Heiner v. Mellon, and
Helvering v. National Grocery Co. In those three cases,
unlike in Eisner v. Macomber, the Court squarely addressed
attribution -- and allowed it. None of those cases so much
as mentioned Eisner v. Macomber, which is not surprising
because, to reiterate, Eisner v. Macomber did not address
attribution. So whatever else Eisner v. Macomber might
stand for, it does not proscribe attribution and thus has no
bearing on the attribution issue in this case.
To sum up: The Court's longstanding precedents plainly
establish that, when dealing with an entity's undistributed

ized income -- namely, income realized by the corporation and attributed
to the shareholders -- we do not address the Government's argument that
a gain need not be realized to constitute income under the Constitution.
See also infra, at 598 -- 599.
590 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

income, Congress may tax either (i) the entity or (ii) its
shareholders or partners.4
B
Consistent with this Court's case law, Congress has long
taxed the shareholders and partners of business entities on
the entities' undistributed income. That longstanding con-
gressional practice refects and reinforces this Court's prece-
dents upholding those kinds of taxes.
In 1864, for example, Congress passed and President Lin-
coln signed an income-tax law that taxed individuals on "the
gains and profts of all companies, whether incorporated or
partnership," in which they were shareholders or partners.
13 Stat. 282. In 1871, the Court upheld the constitutionality
of that tax. Collector v. Hubbard, 12 Wall. 1, 18.5
In 1913, soon after the Sixteenth Amendment was ratifed,
Congress enacted a new income tax on shareholders for their
share of the incomes of corporations formed or used to evade
Page Proof Pending Publication
taxes. 38 Stat. 166. That 1913 law also taxed partners on
each partner's "share of the profts of a partnership." Id.,
at 169. As explained above, the Court upheld that approach
to partnership taxation in Burnet v. Leininger, 285 U. S., at
142, and Heiner v. Mellon, 304 U. S., at 280. Ever since that
1913 law and those cases, the basic partnership-tax rule has
been settled: It "is axiomatic that each partner must pay
taxes on his distributive share of the partnership's income
4
The Government acknowledges that there are due process limits on
attribution to ensure that the attribution is not arbitrary -- for example,
limits based on the taxpayer's relationship to the underlying income. Tr.
of Oral Arg. 66 -- 67, 96 -- 97; see also Burnet v. Wells, -- 679
(1933). In this Court, the Moores have not raised a due process issue
regarding the attribution of KisanKraft's income to them.
5
This Court's 1895 decision in Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust Co., later proscribed unapportioned federal taxation of income
from property, and therefore overruled that holding of Hubbard. See
supra, at 583. But in 1913, the Sixteenth Amendment then overruled
that aspect of Pollock.
 Cite as: (2024) 591

Opinion of the Court

without regard to whether that amount is actually distrib-
uted to him." United States v. Basye, 
(1973).
As new kinds of corporate entities arose, Congress em-
ployed a similar approach. For example, in the 1918 Reve-
nue Act, Congress decided to tax shareholders of personal
service corporations -- that is, shareholders of closely held
corporations that earn most of their income from the work
of their principal owners and shareholders -- "in the same
manner as the members of partnerships." 40 Stat. 1070.
And since 1958, the Internal Revenue Code has also taxed
the shareholders of S corporations in the same way as part-
nerships -- by taxing the shareholders on their share of the
undistributed income of the corporation. See Bufferd v.
Commissioner, -- 525 (1993). S corpora-
tions are corporations with 100 or fewer shareholders where
the shareholders have elected to be taxed directly on the
Page Proof Pending Publication
corporate income. 26 U. S. C. -- 1362. A majority of
the corporations in the United States are S corporations, so
the taxation of individual shareholders of S corporations is
widespread.
In addition, Congress has long taxed major American
shareholders of foreign business entities on some of the in-
come of those entities. For example, in 1937, Congress
taxed American shareholders of foreign personal holding
companies on those companies' undistributed income. 50
Stat. 822.
And in 1962, Congress enacted subpart F, which remains
in place to this day. 76 Stat. 1006, 26 U. S. C. et seq.
To reiterate, subpart F taxes American shareholders of
American-controlled foreign corporations on several kinds of
undistributed corporate income, mostly passive income., 952, 957. And as noted above, in light of this Court's
precedents, the Courts of Appeals have uniformly rejected
constitutional challenges to subpart F. See Garlock, 489
592 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

F. 2d, at 202 -- 203, and (the constitutional challenge to
subpart F "borders on the frivolous" in light of Heiner v.
Mellon); Estate of Whitlock, 494 F. 2d, at 1301.
In short, before and after ratifcation of the Sixteenth
Amendment, Congress has often taxed the shareholders or
partners of a business entity on the entity's undistributed
income. Such a "[l]ong settled and established practice" can
carry "great weight in" resolving constitutional questions -- 
and here it refects and reinforces this Court's precedents.
Chiafalo v. Washington, (2020) (quotation
marks omitted); see also Moore v. Harper, 
(2023) (The Court has "long looked to `settled and established
practice' to interpret the Constitution" )); Walz v. Tax Comm'n
of City of New York, (1970) (An "unbroken
practice... is not something to be lightly cast aside"); The
Federalist No. 37, p. 229 (C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (J. Madison).

Page Proof Pending
IV Publication
The Moores are obviously aware of those longstanding
congressional practices and Supreme Court precedents, so
they had two choices of how to deal with that stark reality
in this Court. They could have argued that all of those
taxes are unconstitutional and that all of those precedents
should be overruled. Or in an effort to contain the blast ra-
dius of their legal theory, they could have tried to distinguish
the MRT from those other taxes and argue that only the
MRT is unconstitutional. They chose the latter approach.
To be specifc: The Moores explicitly concede that partner-
ship taxes, S-corporation taxes, and subpart F taxes are
income taxes that are constitutional and need not be appor-
tioned. Tr. of Oral Arg. 9, 48; Brief for Petitioners 50 -- 51.
The Moores likewise do not ask the Court to overrule any of
the precedents that we have discussed above, which upheld
the attribution of entities' undistributed income. Id., at
49 -- 52.
 Cite as: (2024) 593

Opinion of the Court

Instead, the Moores seek to differentiate the MRT from
all of those other taxes long imposed by Congress and long
upheld by this Court. The Moores have advanced an array
of ad hoc distinctions to try to explain why those longstand-
ing taxes are constitutional and why those precedents are
correct, and to simultaneously try to explain why those taxes
and precedents do not eviscerate their argument that the
MRT is unconstitutional. But the Moores' effort to thread
that needle, although inventive, is unavailing.
According to the Moores: (1) taxes on partnerships are dis-
tinguishable from the MRT and not controlled by precedent
because partnerships are not separate entities from their
partners; (2) taxes on S corporations are distinguishable
from the MRT and not controlled by precedent because
shareholders of S corporations choose to be taxed directly
on corporate income; and (3) subpart F taxes on American
shareholders' portions of undistributed foreign corporate in-
Page Proof Pending Publication
come are distinguishable from the MRT and not controlled
by precedent because those taxes apply what the Moores call
"constructive realization."
To begin, and perhaps most importantly, the Moores' set
of ad hoc distinctions does not undermine the clear rule es-
tablished by this Court's precedents: Congress can choose
either to tax the entity on its income or to tax the entity's
shareholders or partners on their share of the entity's undis-
tributed income. Burk-Waggoner Oil Assn. v. Hopkins, (1925).
In any event, the Moores' attempted distinctions of the
various taxes fail on their own terms.
First, the Moores contend that partners can be taxed on a
partnership's income only because, as of the time that the
Sixteenth Amendment was ratifed in 1913, partnerships
were not seen as legal entities separate from the partners.
But that assertion is incorrect. When the Sixteenth
Amendment was ratifed, the courts, Congress, and state leg-
islatures treated partnerships as separate entities in many
594 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

contexts. See, e. g., Forsyth v. Woods, 11 Wall. 484, 486
(1871) ("The partnership is a distinct thing from the partners
themselves... "); W. Cowles, The Firm as a Legal Person,
57 Central L. J. 343 (1903) ; see also H. Black, Law of Income Tax-
ation Under Federal and State Laws 100 (1913) (The "undi-
vided earnings of a partnership... properly constitute in-
come of the frm but not of the individual partners"); 30 Stat.
545, 547 -- 548 (1898) (federal bankruptcy law that treated
partnerships as separate entities); F. Burdick, Law of Part-
nership, ch. 3, pp. 85 -- 86 (rev. 2d ed. 1906) (It "is becoming
more and more customary for legislation and judicial deci-
sions to treat a partnership as an entity").
During the time period around ratifcation of the Sixteenth
Amendment, moreover, numerous States imposed taxes di-
rectly on partnerships for partnership income. 1 S. Rowley,
The Modern Law of Partnership (1916); 2 id., at
Page Proof Pending Publication
1295, and (collecting 21 state laws); Black 146. And dur-
ing World War I, Congress enacted the Revenue Act of 1917,
which also imposed a tax directly on partnerships. 40 Stat.
303. The federal and state treatment of partnerships as
separate legal entities for tax purposes contravenes the
Moores' theory that pass-through taxation is inherent in the
nature of partnerships rather than a legislative choice.
In short, the Moores are incorrect to claim that partner-
ships were not historically seen as separate taxable
entities.
To be sure, courts declined to recognize partnerships as
separate entities in certain common-law contexts. 1 Rowley
; Burdick, ch. 3,. But those cases simply demon-
strate that partnerships were (and are) fexible entities that
can receive fexible legal treatment. Those cases are con-
sistent with the longstanding principle recognized by this
Court that "Congress, having the authority to tax the net
income of partnerships, could impose the liability upon the
partnership directly, as it did under the Revenue Act of 1917,
 Cite as: (2024) 595

Opinion of the Court

or upon the `individuals carrying on business in partner-
ship.' " Burnet v. Leininger, (1932) (cita-
tion omitted). As with other business entities, Congress
may choose whether to tax (i) the entity or (ii) its sharehold-
ers or partners on the entity's undistributed income.
Second, the Moores seek to distinguish the taxation of S
corporations by saying that shareholders' choice to become
an S corporation necessarily means that the S corporation's
income is truly the shareholders' income. But consent can-
not explain S-corporation taxation; after all, consent to taxa-
tion as an S corporation can be revoked only if shareholders
who hold a majority of the corporation's shares agree. 26
U. S. C. (1)(B). So, for example, if shareholders who
hold 49 percent of the shares no longer consent to paying
taxes on undistributed earnings, they nonetheless still must
do so. Moreover, there is no reason to think that share-
holder consent can eliminate the apportionment requirement
Page Proof Pending Publication
(which is a structural requirement of the Constitution) and
allow Congress to enact an otherwise unconstitutional tax.
In short, the Moores' consent theory does not explain Con-
gress's authority to tax the shareholders of S corporations
directly on corporate income. Rather, S corporations are
another example of Congress's authority to either tax the
corporation itself on corporate income or attribute the un-
distributed income to the shareholders and tax the
shareholders.
Third, the Moores try to distinguish Congress's long his-
tory of taxing shareholders of closely held foreign corpora-
tions -- including through subpart F -- on the ground that
those laws apply "the doctrine of constructive realization."
Brief for Petitioners 47.
The Moores have not pointed to any use of the phrase "con-
structive realization" in this Court's case law or the Internal
Revenue Code. Instead, the term seems to be a one-off
label woven out of whole cloth by the Moores to allow them
to sidestep any existing tax, especially subpart F, that does
596 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

not accord with their proposed constitutional rule. See
Brief for American Tax Policy Institute as Amicus Curiae
28 (noting that " `constructive realization' actually is a new,
amorphous phrase of petitioners' devising").
In any event, whatever its label, the Moores' constructive-
realization theory does not distinguish the MRT from sub-
part F and other pass-through taxes. For example, the
Moores claim that constructive realization turns on a suff-
cient degree of control over the entity. But the level of
shareholder control with the MRT (at least 10 percent) is the
same as under the longstanding subpart F tax. (And con-
trol provides an even less persuasive distinction for partners
and for shareholders of S corporations, who may have even
less than a 10 percent share and still have the entity's income
attributed to them.)
As part of their effort to distinguish the MRT from sub-
part F, the Moores also argue that subpart F is limited to
Page Proof Pending Publication
taxing " `movable income' " that may have been shifted
abroad to avoid taxes. Brief for Petitioners 45. But that
is not accurate. Subpart F also includes income from doing
business in a country under certain sanctions. (5).
Moreover, like subpart F, the MRT responds to concerns that
the owners of American-controlled foreign corporations keep
money offshore to defer taxation. So it is not clear why the
MRT would not also satisfy the Moores' requirement of an
anti-tax-avoidance purpose.
Therefore, even if we were to accept the Moores'
constructive-realization nomenclature and theory, the
Moores' concession that subpart F imposes taxes on so-called
constructively realized income would necessarily mean that
the MRT likewise imposes taxes on constructively realized
income. After all, the MRT is integrated into subpart F's
framework, and it has the same essential features as subpart
F. If subpart F is not unconstitutional under the "construc-
tive realization" theory -- and the Moores explicitly concede
 Cite as: (2024) 597

Opinion of the Court

that it is not, Tr. of Oral Arg. 9 -- then the MRT is likewise
not unconstitutional on that theory.
In short, the Moores cannot meaningfully distinguish the
MRT from similar taxes such as taxes on partnerships, on S
corporations, and on subpart F income.6 The upshot is that
the Moores' argument, taken to its logical conclusion, could
render vast swaths of the Internal Revenue Code unconstitu-
tional. See, e. g., 26 U. S. C. (deemed stock distribu-
tions);, 448 (accrual accounting); (partnership
taxation); -- 965 (subpart F); (pass-through tax
on global intangible low-taxed income); (certain
futures contracts); (original-issue discount instru-
ments); -- 1379 (S corporations); -- 2524 (gift
taxes).
And those tax provisions, if suddenly eliminated, would
deprive the U. S. Government and the American people of
trillions in lost tax revenue. The logical implications of the
Moores' theory would therefore require Congress to either
Page Proof Pending Publication
drastically cut critical national programs or signifcantly in-
crease taxes on the remaining sources available to it -- includ-
ing, of course, on ordinary Americans. The Constitution
does not require that fscal calamity.7
6
The MRT applies to income that was realized and accumulated in the
past by foreign corporations, but not taxed by the United States. In the
lower courts, the Moores raised a due process retroactivity argument -- 
that the MRT taxes income that was earned too far in the past. The
Ninth Circuit rejected that argument based on this Court's decision in
United States v. Carlton, (1994). And the Moores did not
seek certiorari on that issue. "We do not normally consider a separate
legal question not raised in the certiorari briefs," and "see no reason to
make an exception here." Kasten v. Saint-Gobain Performance Plastics
Corp., (2011); see also this Court's Rule 14.1(a).
7
According to the Moores, because the Internal Revenue Code's "defni-
tion of `gross income' exerts the full measure of Congress's taxing power,"
a ruling against them would instantly subject all American stockholders to
taxes on corporate income. Tr. of Oral Arg. 4 -- 5. That claim is entirely
incorrect. Congress has chosen to directly tax some corporations on their
598 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

* * *
The MRT attributes the undistributed income of
American-controlled foreign corporations to their American
shareholders, and then taxes the American shareholders on
that income. By doing so, the MRT operates in the same
basic way as Congress's longstanding taxation of partner-
ships, S corporations, and subpart F income. And the MRT
is consistent with the principles that this Court articulated
in upholding those kinds of taxes in cases such as Burk-
Waggoner Oil Assn. v. Hopkins, Heiner v. Mellon, and
Helvering v. National Grocery Co. The MRT therefore
falls squarely within Congress's constitutional authority to
tax.
For their part, the dissent and the opinion concurring in
the judgment focus primarily on the realization issue -- 
namely, whether realization is required for an income tax.
We do not decide that question today. When they reach the
Page Proof Pending Publication
attribution question that we do decide, the separate opinions
disagree with our reading of some of the Court's precedents.
We respect their views. But as we thoroughly explained
above, we read the Court's precedents differently.
That said, we emphasize that our holding today is narrow.
It is limited to: (i) taxation of the shareholders of an entity,
(ii) on the undistributed income realized by the entity,
(iii) which has been attributed to the shareholders, (iv) when
the entity itself has not been taxed on that income. In other
words, our holding applies when Congress treats the entity
as a pass-through.8

income. See 26 U. S. C.. Congress's choice to tax the entity rather
than the shareholders controls in that context, just as its contrary choice
to tax certain shareholders or partners, not the entity, on the entity's un-
distributed income controls for the MRT, partnerships, S corporations, and
subpart F.
8
The opinion concurring in the judgment reads the Court's attribution
precedents to draw a line that might call for a "different" conclusion for
"a tax on shareholders of a widely held or domestic corporation." Post,
 Cite as: (2024) 599

Opinion of the Court

To be clear, as we indicated earlier, the Due Process
Clause proscribes arbitrary attribution. See supra, at 590,. And nothing in this opinion should be read to author-
ize any hypothetical congressional effort to tax both an en-
tity and its shareholders or partners on the same undistribu-
ted income realized by the entity. In such a scenario, the
entity would not simply be a traditional pass-through.9
In addition, as the Government explains, other kinds of
taxes could of course raise different issues. See Tr. of Oral
Arg. 58 -- 59, 62, 127 -- 128. In its brief and at oral argument,
for example, the Government indicated that a hypothetical
unapportioned tax on an individual's holdings or property
(for example, on one's wealth or net worth) might be con-
sidered a tax on property, not income. See Brief for
United States 19 (distinguishing an income tax from a tax on
wealth or net worth because "an income tax targets eco-
nomic gain `between two points of time' "); Tr. of Oral Arg.
69, 127 -- 128.
Page Proof Pending Publication
And the Government further acknowledges that the con-
stitutionality of a hypothetical unapportioned tax on appreci-
ation may depend on, among other things, whether realiza-
tion is a constitutional requirement for an income tax. See
id., at 58 -- 59, 62, 70, 93 -- 95, 106 -- 108, 126 -- 127; see also Brief
for United States 32. The Moores argue that realization is
a constitutional requirement; the Government argues that it
is not. To decide this case, we need not resolve that dis-
agreement over realization.
Those are potential issues for another day, and we do not
address or resolve any of those issues here. As to the
Moores' case, Congress has long taxed shareholders of an

at 604 (opinion of Barrett, J.). We do not agree that the Court's prece-
dents draw such a line. Nor does our opinion today draw such a line.
9
That issue is distinct from Congress's well-established practice of tax-
ing the corporation on corporate income and then taxing shareholders
when they receive a dividend. See Hellmich v. Hellman, -- 238 (1928); see also United States v. Hemme, (1986).
600 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Jackson, J., concurring

entity on the entity's undistributed income, and it did the
same with the MRT. This Court has long upheld taxes of
that kind, and we do the same today with the MRT. We
affrm the judgment of the U. S. Court of Appeals for the
Ninth Circuit.
It is so ordered.

Justice Jackson, concurring.
Our Constitution grants Congress "plenary power" over
taxation. Brushaber v. Union Pacifc R. Co., 
(1916). The text supplies only two relevant conditions: Di-
rect taxes must be apportioned among the States based on
population, see Art. I, ; all other taxes must "be uniform
throughout the United States,". During the century
after our Nation's founding, the Court repeatedly recognized
that, in matters of tax policy, Congress's view was control-
ling. See, e. g., Pacifc Ins. Co. v. Soule, 7 Wall. 433, 443
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1869) ("Where the power of taxation, exercised by Congress,
is warranted by the Constitution... it is, necessarily, unlim-
ited in its nature"); Collector v. Hubbard, 12 Wall. 1, 18 (1871)
(upholding a tax on undistributed corporate earnings because
"it is as competent for Congress to tax annual gains and
profts before they are divided among the holders of the
stock as afterwards").
Then came Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust Co., (1895). In that case, the Court invalidated a fed-
eral income tax, holding that a tax on income derived from
property was a direct tax requiring apportionment. See id.,
at 637. Pollock provoked immediate outcry. President
Taft, later Chief Justice of this Court, said, " `Nothing has
ever injured the prestige of the Supreme Court more.' "
B. Ackerman, Taxation and the Constitution, 99 Colum.
L. Rev. 1, 5 (1999). In 1913, the People's representatives
responded, using their power to overturn Pollock via consti-
tutional amendment. The Sixteenth Amendment restored
 Cite as: (2024) 601

Jackson, J., concurring

to Congress the power to tax "incomes, from whatever
source derived, without apportionment."
Against that stark backdrop, the Court wisely takes a re-
strained approach today. Petitioners allege that the Manda-
tory Repatriation Tax (MRT) exceeded Congress's power by
taxing shareholders on the undistributed income of a corpo-
ration; such a tax, petitioners argue, is really a direct tax
requiring apportionment. The majority opinion rightly re-
jects that challenge, thoroughly explaining why the MRT
falls within Congress's long-recognized, oft-exercised power
to tax shareholders on the undistributed income of a business
entity. See ante, at 598. I write separately to emphasize
that, before taking up petitioners' invitation to strike down
a lawfully enacted tax, the Court would need to be persuaded
of several additional arguments that we wisely do not reach.
I highlight two.
First, we would need to agree with petitioners that Con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
gress can tax income only if it is actually received or "real-
ized." That alleged requirement appears nowhere in the
text of the Sixteenth Amendment. See Brief for John R.
Brooks et al. as Amici Curiae 14 -- 21 (explaining that the
phrase "from whatever source derived" served only to over-
rule Pollock). Moreover, both before and after the Six-
teenth Amendment was adopted, the term "income" was
widely recognized as fexible enough to include both realized
and unrealized gains. See Brief for United States 14 -- 26
(collecting sources); Brief for Professors of Tax Law et al. as
Amici Curiae 6 -- 20 (same).
The alleged realization requirement is, instead, drawn
from a decision of this Court, Eisner v. Macomber, (1920). Macomber struck down a tax on stock divi-
dends, ostensibly because the taxpayer "ha[d] not realized or
received any income in the transaction." Id., at 212. Like
Pollock, Macomber was "promptly and sharply criticised."
Helvering v. Griffths, (1943). Over the
602 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Jackson, J., concurring

two decades that followed our pronouncement, we "limited"
Macomber's realization requirement "to the kind of dividend
there dealt with," 318 U. S., at 375, while also "undermin[ing]... the original theoretical bases of the decision in" other
contexts, id., at 394.
Thus, there is no constitutional requirement, from Ma-
comber or otherwise, that a taxpayer "be able to sever...
the gain from his original capital" in order to be taxed on it.
Helvering v. Bruun, (1940); see also Cot-
tage Savings Assn. v. Commissioner, 
(1991) (explaining that, properly understood, "the concept of
realization is `founded on administrative convenience,' " com-
pared to the " `cumbersome' " process of "valuing assets on
an annual basis to determine... appreciat[ion]"). In the
lower courts too, Macomber's defnition of income has long
been deemed outmoded, if not overruled.1 Any litigant
seeking to sustain her case on the basis of Macomber would
have to bring back from the dead its Court-created limit on
Page Proof Pending Publication
Congress's power.2
Second, even if we were to hold that a uniform tax violated
the Sixteenth Amendment, we would still need to confrm
1
See, e. g., Commissioner v. Obear-Nester Glass Co., 217 F. 2d 56, 60
(CA7 1954) ("Even as to income derived from capital [Macomber] has been
limited to its specifc facts"); United States v. James, 333 F. 2d 748, 752
(CA9 1964) ("[I]nsofar as [Macomber] purported to offer a comprehensive
defnition of the term income as used in the Sixteenth Amendment, it has
been discarded"); Prescott v. Commissioner, 561 F. 2d 1287, 1293 (CA8
1977) ("[T]he Supreme Court has found it necessary to abandon [Macom-
ber's] attempt at an all-inclusive defnition of income").
2
To be sure, Macomber is a hard decision to parse, and it might be read
to allow taxation of an asset only if the owner receives some new, in-
creased value. See Eisner v. Macomber, (1920) (empha-
sizing that a stock dividend does not necessarily "increase the intrinsic
value of [the taxpayer's] holding"); see also Koshland v. Helvering, -- 446 (1936). If that reading is correct, Macomber would not
preclude taxation of unrealized gains. See Brief for United States 33 -- 34;
Brief for Alex Zhang as Amicus Curiae 26.
 Cite as: (2024) 603

Jackson, J., concurring

that the tax was a direct tax before requiring apportionment.
The Constitution does not exhaustively defne direct taxes,
though it appears the category was originally intended to
encompass only land and head taxes. See, e. g., Hylton v.
United States, 3 Dall. 171, 175 (1796) (opinion of Chase, J.);
id., at 177 (opinion of Paterson, J.); id., at 183 (opinion of
Iredell, J.). But the Constitution does expressly exclude
certain taxes -- "Duties, Imposts and Excises" -- from appor-
tionment, and we have long interpreted those categories of
taxes broadly. Art. I, ; see also Steward Machine Co. v.
Davis, -- 582 (1937). Indeed, we have up-
held uniform taxes as excises, even when predicated on
something that, if taxed on its own, might require apportion-
ment or even be nontaxable. See Flint v. Stone Tracy Co.,
-- 152, 165 (1911). In this case, the Govern-
ment argues that the MRT can be understood as an excise
tax on the privilege of doing business through a controlled
foreign corporation. See Brief for United States 46 -- 49.
Page Proof Pending Publication
That argument, too, would need to be considered before we
could strike down a uniform tax like the MRT.

* * *
I have no doubt that future Congresses will pass, and fu-
ture Presidents will sign, taxes that outrage one group or
another -- taxes that strike some as demanding too much, oth-
ers as asking too little. There may even be impositions that,
as a matter of policy, all can agree are wrongheaded. How-
ever, Pollock teaches us that this Court's role in such disputes
should be limited. "[T]he remedy for such abuses is to be
found at the ballot-box, and in a wholesome public opinion
which the representatives of the people will not long, if at all,
disregard, and not in the disregard by the judiciary of powers
that have been committed to another branch of the govern-
ment." Pollock, 158 U. S., at 680 (Harlan, J., dissenting).
With that understanding, I join the Court's opinion in full.
604 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

Justice Barrett, with whom Justice Alito joins, con-
curring in the judgment.
This case comes down to two questions. Have the Moores
realized income from their KisanKraft shares? And if they
have not, may Congress attribute KisanKraft's income to
the Moores?
Our precedent already decides the frst question: Share-
holders receive income when they sell their shares or when
a corporation distributes profts back to its investors by de-
claring a dividend. Notwithstanding this precedent, the
Government asserts its power to tax without apportionment
all economic gains, including appreciation in property value.
The Court does not address this issue. Ante, at 584 -- 585,
and. It focuses on the second instead, and, casting our
precedent as well settled, holds that Congress can attribute
KisanKraft's income to the Moores. As I explain below, I
think the issue is more complex than the Court lets on. But
Page Proof Pending Publication
whatever my disagreement with the Court's reasoning, it
bears emphasis that the Moores' case involves the Mandatory
Repatriation Tax (MRT), which is a specifc tax imposed
upon the American shareholders of a closely held foreign cor-
poration. A different tax -- for example, a tax on sharehold-
ers of a widely held or domestic corporation -- would present
a different case.
I
The question on which we granted review is "[w]hether the
Sixteenth Amendment authorizes Congress to tax unrealized
sums without apportionment among the states." Pet. for
Cert. i. The answer is straightforward: No.

A
The Constitution distinguishes between taxes on income
and taxes on property. Income taxes must apply uniformly
across the country, Art. I, cl. 1, while "direct" taxes -- 
like property taxes -- must be apportioned among the States,
 Cite as: (2024) 605

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment, cl. 3;, cl. 4.1 Apportionment is an onerous burden,
both technically and politically, because it requires Congress
to allocate the total tax liability to each State according to
its population. There have been very few federal property
taxes in this nation's history (and none in the modern era).
By design and in fact, the apportionment rule has left prop-
erty taxation primarily to the States. See post, at 625 -- 631
(Thomas, J., dissenting).
In Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust Co., the Court held
that the apportionment rule applies not only to taxes on real
and personal property, but also to taxes on income "derived"
from that property -- say, rents from leasing farmland. (1895). The decision left Congress effectively
unable to tax most nonlabor income. The Sixteenth Amend-
ment overruled Pollock's second holding, stating that "Con-
gress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes,
from whatever source derived, without apportionment."
But it did not overrule Pollock's frst holding that taxes on
Page Proof Pending Publication
personal property are direct taxes. See Brushaber v.
Union Pacifc R. Co., (1916); National Federa-
tion of Independent Business v. Sebelius, 
(2012).
As the text of the Sixteenth Amendment indicates, income
is fnancial gain that "derive[s]" from property or another
source. See, e. g., United States v. Phellis, -- 169 (1921); Stratton's Independence, Ltd. v. Howbert,
(1913); Webster's New International Dic-
tionary 1089 (1909) (Webster's) ("income" is "[t]hat gain or
recurrent beneft (usually measured in money) which pro-
ceeds from labor, business, or property"). To capture the
distinction between property and income, we have described

1
Direct taxes also include a capitation tax, which imposes a tax on every
person "without regard to property, profession, or any other circum-
stance." National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius, (2012) (NFIB) (internal quotation marks omitted; emphasis
deleted).
606 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

property as the "seed" and income as the "fruit that it will
yield." United States v. Safety Car Heating & Lighting Co.,
(1936). Thus, a condominium is a landlord's
property, and rents are the income she receives from leasing
it. A patent is an inventor's property, and royalties are the
income she receives from licensing it. A capital fund is a
banker's property, and interest is the income she receives
from lending it.
The Sixteenth Amendment's reference to income "derived"
from any source encompasses a requirement that income, to
be taxed without apportionment, must be realized. See
post, at 641 -- 644 (Thomas, J., dissenting). While the Gov-
ernment stresses that the Amendment did not include a "re-
alization" requirement, Brief for United States 15 -- 16, "real-
ize" and "derive" have long referred to the same concept.
Compare Webster's 1778 ("realize" means to "convert an in-
tangible right or property into real (tangible) property"; to
Page Proof Pending Publication
"convert any kind of property (considered as fuctuating or
uncertain in value) into money"), with id., at 601 ("deriva-
tion" is the "[a]ct of receiving anything from a source, as
profts from capital"). The Court has used "realization" this
way (including in today's opinion) when discussing income
taxes on corporate shareholders. See, e. g., ante, at 584;
Cullinan v. Walker, (1923). And we have
also used the term "realized" in cases involving a tax on ac-
cumulated corporate earnings, Ivan Allen Co. v. United
States, -- 629 (1975), debt discharge, United
States v. Kirby Lumber Co., (1931), real estate
improvements, Helvering v. Bruun, (1940),
punitive damages, Commissioner v. Glenshaw Glass Co., (1955), and meal allowances, Commissioner v.
Kowalski, (1977), to name a few. Many opin-
ions use "derived" and "realized" more or less interchange-
ably. See, e. g., Diedrich v. Commissioner, 
(1982); Commissioner v. Jacobson, (1949);
Helvering v. Horst, (1940); Goodrich v. Ed-
 Cite as: (2024) 607

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

wards, (1921); Gray v. Darlington, 15 Wall.
63, 65 -- 66 (1872); Pollock, 158 U. S., at 696 (Jackson, J.,
dissenting).
The "commonly understood meaning of the term" income
when the Sixteenth Amendment was ratifed requires that a
gain be "realized" or "derived" -- e. g., through a sale or other
transaction -- to be taxed without apportionment. Mer-
chants' Loan & Trust Co. v. Smietanka, -- 
520 (1921); see post, at 641 -- 644 (Thomas, J., dissenting).
"Income within the meaning of the Sixteenth Amendment... is income as the word is known in the common speech
of men." Safety Car, 297 U. S., at 99. And in the years
surrounding the ratifcation of the Sixteenth Amendment, in-
come "was used in ordinary parlance to refer only to realized
gains." Brief for Professors of Law and Linguistics as Ami-
cus Curiae 17; see id., at 18 -- 22 (instances of the word "in-
come" between 1900 and 1912 in the Corpus of Historical
American English referred to "economic gain tied to a real-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ization event").
Regardless of whether one uses the term "derived" or "re-
alized," the important point is this: The Sixteenth Amend-
ment and the Direct Tax Clause distinguish between taxes
on property, which are subject to apportionment, and taxes
on income derived or realized from that property, which
are not.
B
The Moores have not realized income from their Kisan-
Kraft shares. Shares yield income when the corporation de-
clares a dividend -- i. e., when the corporation distributes its
profts to shareholders. See Lynch v. Hornby, (1918) ("Dividends are the appropriate fruit of stock
ownership [and] are commonly reckoned as income"); Gib-
bons v. Mahon, -- 558 (1890). But Kisan-
Kraft has never declared a dividend. Nor have the Moores
realized income by selling or otherwise disposing of their
shares. See Taft v. Bowers, -- 482 (1929).
608 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

Because they have not received a dividend, proft from sell-
ing their shares, or any other pecuniary beneft from their
stock ownership, the Moores have not yet received a return
on their original investment in the company. In short, they
have not "derived" income from their shares because nothing
has come in.
The Government resists this conclusion. It concedes, as
it must, that a tax on the "total value of " the shares "at a
particular point [in] time" is a "quintessential tax on prop-
erty" that must be apportioned. Tr. of Oral Arg. 127 -- 128;
see NFIB, 567 U. S., at 571; Brushaber, 240 U. S., at 19. But
looking at property value across two points in time makes a
difference, the Government says, because then the tax tar-
gets appreciation rather than the asset's value. As the
Government sees it, Congress may tax without apportion-
ment "all economic gains" measured " `between two points
in time.' " Brief for United States 9, 15. And the increase
Page Proof Pending Publication
in value between Time A and Time B is "income."
The Government is unable to cite a single decision uphold-
ing an unapportioned tax on appreciation. Tr. of Oral Arg.
89, 91 -- 92. That is no surprise, because our precedent fore-
closes the Government's argument. We have explained that
income includes neither "a gain accruing to capital" nor "a
growth or increment of value in the investment." Phellis,
257 U. S., at 169; see also Safety Car, 297 U. S., at 99 (income
is the "fruit that is born of capital, not the potency of fru-
ition"). And we have stressed that "economic gain is not
always taxable as income." Bruun, 309 U. S., at 469 (em-
phasis added); see also Commissioner v. Indianapolis
Power & Light Co., (1990) ("[A] taxpayer
does not realize taxable income from every event that im-
proves his economic condition"). Although appreciation
looks valuable on paper, "the stockholder has received noth-
ing out of the company's assets for his separate use and bene-
ft," and market fuctuations could "wip[e] out the entire in-
vestment" before the owner ever receives a dime of "income
 Cite as: (2024) 609

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

within the meaning of the Sixteenth Amendment." Eisner
v. Macomber, (1920).
If the Government were right that appreciation is income,
it is hard to make sense of our decision in Ivan Allen Co.
There, we considered a tax on accumulated earnings -- i. e.,
income that the corporation retains as assets on its balance
sheet instead of distributing to its shareholders. 422 U. S.,
at 624 -- 625. Because corporate tax rates were generally
lower than individuals' marginal tax rates, Congress was
concerned that corporations would be used to reduce their
"shareholders' overall tax liability by accumulating earnings
beyond the reasonable needs of the business." Id., at 624.
So Congress imposed a tax on earnings that corporations
allowed to accumulate "beyond the reasonable and reason-
ably anticipated needs of the business." Id., at 621, 624. In
upholding the tax, we took great care to explain that the tax
"is not directed at the unrealized appreciation of the liquid
assets"; "any unrealized appreciation in the value of the tax-
Page Proof Pending Publication
payer's portfolio... does not enter into the computation" of
the tax. Id., at 627 -- 628. The tax took into account the
value and appreciation of the corporation's assets "only in
measuring reasonableness of accumulation of the earnings
and profts that otherwise independently exist." Id., at 628.
In other words, asset appreciation was only relevant with
respect to how much of the corporation's income could be
taxed under the statute. More assets meant less income
reasonably could be accumulated. If asset appreciation it-
self were just as taxable as income, there would have been
no reason for the Court's painstaking efforts to explain the
scope of the tax. See id., at 627 -- 629.2

2
Although Ivan Allen Co. involved the interpretation of a tax statute,
our analysis sheds light on the Constitution's defnition of income because
we have long interpreted "gross income" in the Internal Revenue Code to
reach " `the full measure of [Congress's] taxing power.' " Commissioner
v. Kowalski, (1977) ).
610 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

C
In upholding the tax, the Ninth Circuit opined that
"[w]hether the taxpayer has realized income does not deter-
mine whether a tax is constitutional." 36 F. 4th 930, 935
(2022). In its view, the "Supreme Court has made clear that
realization of income is not a constitutional requirement."
Id., at 936. The Ninth Circuit misread our cases. Contrary
to its assertion, this Court has "never abandoned the core
requirement that income must be realized to be taxable with-
out apportionment." 53 F. 4th 507, 508 (CA9 2022) (Buma-
tay, J., dissenting from denial of rehearing en banc). What
we have done is reject efforts to narrow what it means to
realize income.
For example, in Helvering v. Bruun -- one of the cases on
which the Ninth Circuit relied -- we clarifed that "the real-
ization of gain need not be in cash derived from the sale of
an asset" but can also "result [from] exchange of property,
Page Proof Pending Publication
payment of the taxpayer's indebtedness, relief from a liabil-
ity, or other proft realized from the completion of a transac-
tion." 309 U. S., at 469. In that case, a tenant built a valu-
able building on the landlord's property. Upon termination
of the lease, the landlord regained possession of the prop-
erty -- and acquired the building too. When the Internal
Revenue Service came calling, the landlord protested that he
had realized no taxable gain from the building in the year
that the lease ended. We sided with the IRS. Gain from a
contributed building is not like an "accrua[l] of value due
to extraneous and adventitious circumstances" -- for example,
appreciation from a booming real estate market. Id., at 467.
Nor does realization require the ability to "sever the im-
provement begetting the gain from [the] original capital."
Id., at 469. "If that were necessary," we said, "no income
could arise from the exchange of property; whereas such gain
has always been recognized as realized taxable gain." Ibid.
None of that remotely suggests, however, that realization is
not required or (relatedly) that appreciation counts as taxable
 Cite as: (2024) 611

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

income. Instead, it explains that proft (there, the building)
is realized when received, even if it cannot be physically sep-
arated from the capital (there, the land).
In dispensing with the realization requirement, the Ninth
Circuit also cited Helvering v. Horst. But Horst, like
Bruun, emphasizes that realization does not require cash in
hand -- not that realization is irrelevant. In Horst, "the
owner of negotiable bonds... detached from them negotiable
interest coupons shortly before their due date and delivered
them as a gift to his son who in the same year collected them
at maturity." 311 U. S., at 114. The bond owner insisted
that the interest coupons were not income taxable to him,
because his son owned them at the time they came due. See
id., at 114 -- 115. We rejected the argument that the bond
owner could "escape all tax by giving away his right to in-
come in advance of payment." Id., at 116. "The power to
dispose of income is the equivalent of ownership of it." Id.,
Page Proof Pending Publication
at 118. And while the donor chose not to take the interest
itself, he still "realized the fruits of his investment." Id., at
117. Realization does not depend on how
the user chooses to enjoy the income -- whether through "the
purchase of goods at the corner grocery, the payment of his
debt there, or such non-material satisfactions as may result
from... a gift to his favorite son." Ibid. Far from dis-
avowing the realization requirement, the Court emphasized
that a taxpayer cannot escape realization (and therefore tax
liability) by giving away the fruit of his capital.
In sum, realization may take many forms, but our prece-
dent uniformly holds that it is required before the Govern-
ment may tax fnancial gain without apportionment. Real-
ization is a question of substance, not form. Diedrich, 457
U. S., at 195. In general, realization is "the last step... by
which [one] obtains the fruition of the economic gain which
has already accrued to him." Horst, 311 U. S., at 115. Our
cases describe many ways income might be realized; a rigid
defnition does not capture them all. See, e. g., MacLaughlin
612 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

v. Alliance Ins. Co., (1932) ("sale or other
disposition of property"); Safety Car, 297 U. S., at 93 ("profts
owing to a patentee by the infringer of a patent"); Kirby
Lumber, 284 U. S., at 2 -- 3 ("clear gain" resulting from corpo-
ration repurchasing bonds it issued for less than the corpora-
tion had initially "received [for] their par value"). The com-
mon thread is that to realize income, one must receive
something new and valuable beyond the property she al-
ready owns.
II
Though the Moores did not realize income as shareholders,
KisanKraft realized income as a corporation -- profts from
supplying farm equipment to customers in India. The Gov-
ernment argues that, because the MRT targets KisanKraft's
realized income, it falls within the Sixteenth Amendment
and is not subject to the apportionment rule. Brief for
United States 42. But the question is not whether some
Page Proof Pending Publication
taxable person or entity has realized income at some point.
Rather, as the Court emphasizes, we must determine
whether Congress has the power to tax the Moores on in-
come that KisanKraft realized. Ante, at 584. Put differ-
ently, can Congress disregard KisanKraft's corporate form,
attribute KisanKraft's income to its shareholders, and tax its
shareholders on that income?
The Court concludes that it can, describing our case law
as "clear and defnitive" in the Government's favor. Ante,
at 589. I read our cases differently. As I understand our
precedent, it leaves room for Congress to disregard the cor-
porate form in some circumstances. But that is not because
Congress -- as the Court suggests -- can treat corporations
interchangeably with partnerships, whose partners have
always been subject to pass-through taxation on the partner-
ship's income. See United States v. Basye, -- 454 (1973). Rather, our cases allow Congress to disre-
gard the corporate form to determine whether the share-
holder received income in substance, if not in form.
 Cite as: (2024) 613

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

A
Our precedent suggests that Congress's power to attribute
a corporation's income to its shareholders for tax purposes is
limited. Eisner v. Macomber is the most recent case ad-
dressing this issue -- and it was decided more than a century
ago. There, the Standard Oil Company of California chose
to reinvest its profts back into the corporation rather than
distributing them to shareholders. 252 U. S., at 200. Those
retained earnings caused an imbalance in the corporation's
capital account. So to adjust its books, Standard Oil de-
clared a stock dividend that issued new shares to existing
shareholders while diluting the value of their previous
shares -- which left the shareholders in the same fnancial po-
sition as before the transaction. See id., at 200 -- 201, 212.
The Court held that shareholder Myrtle Macomber did not
realize income from the stock dividend because she "re-
ceived nothing out of the company's assets for [her] separate
Page Proof Pending Publication
use and beneft." Id., at 211. The shareholder's original in-
vestment "still remains the property of the company, and
subject to business risks which may result in wiping out the
entire investment." Ibid. The stock dividends were "evi-
denc[e]" that her capital previously had appreciated, but the
dividends themselves "add[ed] nothing to" her property and
were therefore not income derived from it. Id., at 212
(while the "shareholder is the richer because of an increase
of his capital... he has not realized or received any income
in the transaction").3
Importantly for our purposes, the Court also rejected the
Government's theory that Congress could attribute the cor-
poration's income to its shareholders. See id., at 213. The
Court expressed "no doubt of the power or duty of a court
to look through the form of the corporation and determine
the question of the stockholder's right, in order to ascertain

3
The Court today does not cast doubt on Macomber's holding that ap-
preciation is not income. See ante, at 599.
614 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

whether he has received income taxable by Congress without
apportionment." Ibid.. But the Court
would not "disregard the essential truth disclosed": It would
not "ignore the substantial difference between corporation
and stockholder" and "treat the entire organization as un-
real; look upon stockholders as partners, when they are not
such... and indulge the fction that they have received and
realized a share of the profts of the company which in truth
they have neither received nor realized." Id., at 214. The
Court therefore refused to uphold the tax as a tax on attrib-
uted corporate income.
That left one potential justifcation for the tax -- that the
Direct Tax Clause's apportionment requirement did not
apply to taxes on the stockholder's undivided interest in the
corporation. The Court rejected that argument too, adher-
ing to Pollock's holding that a tax on a shareholder's owner-
ship interest is a tax on property. The Court explained that
Page Proof Pending Publication
Pollock "overruled" the holding of Collector v. Hubbard, 12
Wall. 1 (1871), that Congress could "tax without apportion-
ment a stockholder's interest in accumulated earnings prior
to dividend declared," Macomber, 252 U. S., at 218. The
Court acknowledged that the Sixteenth Amendment had
overruled Pollock's holding that a tax on income derived
from property must be apportioned. 252 U. S., at 219. But
it stressed that the Sixteenth Amendment did not otherwise
disturb the law concerning the Direct Tax Clause -- including
Pollock's holding that the Clause applies to "property, real
and personal." Id., at 206; see id., at 219 ("[T]he Amend-
ment applies to income only"). Because a stockholder's
ownership interest in the corporation is personal property -- 
"capital, not income" -- Congress must apportion any tax on
it. Ibid.
Today, the Court does not dispute either that income re-
quires realization or that a tax on stock ownership must be
apportioned. Instead, it says that the income of a closely
held foreign corporation can be attributed to its shareholders
 Cite as: (2024) 615

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

for tax purposes. That might be right, but the Court's rea-
sons for saying so are wrong: It dismisses the "attribution"
portion of Macomber as dicta and argues that four subse-
quent cases undercut it. Ante, at 589. I disagree. None
of these cases contradicts Macomber's admonition that Con-
gress cannot "look upon stockholders as partners... when
they are not"; Congress may not "indulge the fction that
they have received and realized a share of the profts of the
company" when they have not. 252 U. S., at 214; see also
Helvering v. Griffths, -- 377, and 
(1943). Rather, the Court's cases all illustrate the principle
that the validity of an income tax must be assessed "accord-
ing to truth and substance, [not] form." Macomber, 252
U. S., at 206.
Burk-Waggoner Oil Assn. v. Hopkins upheld Congress's
power to tax an "unincorporated joint stock association" as
a corporation even though state law treated it as a partner-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ship. -- 111 (1925). We disregarded the
state-law label because the associations acted as corpora-
tions: They had "a fxed capital stock divided into shares,"
they "manage[d] their affairs by a board of directors and ex-
ecutive offcers," and they "conduct[ed] their business in the
general form and mode of procedure of a corporation." Id.,
at 113 -- 114. "[N]othing in the Constitution," we explained,
"precludes Congress from taxing as a corporation an associa-
tion which, although unincorporated, transacts its business
as if it were." Id., at 114. Burk-Waggoner thus held that
for tax purposes, Congress could treat a partnership like a
corporation when it acts like a corporation. We did not de-
cide whether Congress may treat a corporation like a part-
nership -- e. g., attributing its income to shareholders -- when,
in truth and substance, it operates as a corporation.
Next up is Burnet v. Leininger, (1932). Al-
though that case involved a partnership, the issue was about
the "anticipatory assignment of income doctrine. " See
Commissioner v. Banks, -- 434 (2005) ("A
616 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

taxpayer cannot exclude an economic gain from gross income
by assigning the gain in advance to another party" ); 1 B.
Bittker, J. Eustice, G. Goldstein, & T. Brantley, Federal In-
come Taxation of Corporations and Shareholders ¶2.07
(2024). The taxpayer, who happened to be one-half partner
in a laundry business, tried to reduce his tax liability by as-
signing a portion of his income to his wife. 285 U. S., at 141.
We rejected that artifce and affrmed Congress's ability to
"ta[x] the salary and fees of the person who earned them."
Id., at 141 -- 142. This case,
too, is about classifying taxes according to substance rather
than form.
The Court also invokes Heiner v. Mellon, which blesses
Congress's power to tax "partners" on their "proportionate
share of the net income of the partnership" even where the
partnership's income is not "currently distributable" to the
partners under state law. -- 281 (1938).
Page Proof Pending Publication
The case rests on the "axiomatic" and "frmly established"
rule of partnership taxation that "each partner must pay
taxes on his distributive [i.e., proportional] share of the part-
nership's income without regard to whether that amount is
actually distributed to him." Basye, 410 U. S., at 453 -- 454
(discussing Heiner). Given the unique partnership context,
Heiner sheds no light on Congress's power to tax sharehold-
ers on a corporation's income.4
Finally, in Helvering v. National Grocery Co., (1938), the Court sustained a defciency tax imposed on
4
Partnerships are distinct from corporations in many other fundamental
ways. For example, partnerships traditionally do not have a legal iden-
tity distinct from the partners and do not enjoy the limited liability charac-
teristic of the corporate form. They are instead "an aggregation of indi-
viduals operating the business as co-owners with individual rights and
duties." 1 J. Cox & T. Hazen, Law of Corporations.07 (3d ed. 2010).
For purposes of federal diversity jurisdiction, partnerships are citizens
wherever their partners are, whereas corporations have citizenship dis-
tinct from their shareholders. See Carden v. Arkoma Associates, -- 189 (1990).
 Cite as: (2024) 617

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

a corporation that was used to shelter the income of its sole
shareholder. (Notably, the corporation, not the shareholder,
was the taxpayer.) In the course of rejecting the corpora-
tion's various challenges to the tax, the Court opined that
"Kohl, the sole owner of the business, could not by conduct-
ing it as a corporation, prevent Congress, if it chose to do so,
from laying on him individually the tax on the year's profts."
Id., at 288. That dictum, if correct, is consistent with Ma-
comber's recognition that courts can look through the corpo-
rate form to determine the substance of the shareholder's
relationship to the income. Because National Grocery's in-
come was really just the income of Kohl, its sole owner, the
Court suggested that attributing it to him for tax purposes
would be permissible.
Thus, in matters of corporate form and income attribu-
tion -- as in the defnition of income -- labels do not control.
But acknowledging that substance controls is a far cry from
asserting that Congress is free to wholly disregard the cor-
Page Proof Pending Publication
porate form. That would permit Congress to tax the share-
holder without regard to the substance of her relationship to
the corporation and would contradict Macomber's holding
that Standard Oil's income could not be attributed to its
shareholders. See 252 U. S., at 213 -- 214. Our precedent
does not give Congress carte blanche to attribute corporate
income to a shareholder. Instead, it suggests that Congress
has a limited power to do so that depends on the relationship
between the shareholder and the income.5
5
The Court asserts that Congress no longer observes Macomber's dis-
tinction between shareholders and the corporate entity for tax purposes.
Ante, at 587. That paints an incomplete picture. After Macomber, Con-
gress ended its longstanding practice of attributing corporate income to
shareholders when the corporation operated as a tax shelter. See Ivan
Allen Co., 422 U. S., at 624 -- 626, and ; Griffths, 318 U. S., at 377, 385. That practice reemerged in the 1930s when Congress began taxing
shareholders of closely held foreign corporations on undistributed corpo-
rate earnings. Revenue Act of 1937, 50 Stat. 822. To my knowl-
edge, Congress has not returned to that approach for domestic or widely
held corporations of the kind Macomber considered. And while Congress
618 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

B
Although I believe that the Court today is too quick to
bless the attribution of corporate income to shareholders, its
holding is narrow. The Court affrms Congress's power to
tax shareholders on "the undistributed income of American-
controlled foreign corporations," but it says that the Due
Process Clause cabins that power by requiring income attri-
butions not to be "arbitrary." Ante, at 598 -- 599. The arbi-
trariness inquiry, the Court previews, turns on "the taxpay-
er's relationship to the underlying income." Ante, at 590,
).
I agree that the Constitution prohibits Congress from arbi-
trarily attributing to the taxpayer someone else's income.
Our cases have located that limit in the Due Process Clause.
See Burnet, 289 U. S., at 678 -- 679; Hoeper v. Tax Comm'n of
Wis., (1931) ("That which is not in fact the
taxpayer's income cannot be made such by calling it in-
Page Proof Pending Publication
come"). But an arbitrariness limit is implicit in the Six-
teenth Amendment too. Virtually all property was income
at some point. Ford Motor Company uses its income to buy
steel for making trucks. But surely Congress cannot attrib-
ute Ford's earnings to anyone who owns an F -- 250. The
Amendment's reference to "derived" income presupposes
that the income belongs to the taxpayer, or is at least fairly
attributable to her. Otherwise the taxpayer's property
(e. g., the truck she drives) could be taxed without apportion-
ment just because it was once somebody else's income (e. g.,
the earnings Ford used to purchase the steel).

continues to attribute income of certain closely held foreign corporations
to their U. S. shareholders today, see 26 U. S. C. et seq. ("subpart F"),
doing so might be consistent with Macomber's recognition that Congress
can disregard the corporate form when, in substance, it is reasonable to
treat the income of the corporation as that of the shareholders. The
Court's "arbitrariness" test seems to get at a similar point, but, by dismiss-
ing the relevance of the corporate form altogether, it confuses the analysis.
 Cite as: (2024) 619

Barrett, J., concurring in judgment

While an arbitrariness limit on income attribution surely
exists, its contours are uncertain. We have never before ap-
plied the arbitrariness test to a tax law that attributes a
corporation's income to its shareholders. At oral argument,
the Government identifed a series of factors that the Court
has considered in attribution cases involving license agree-
ments and trusts. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 119 -- 123. One is
whether the taxpayer has "suffcient power and control over... the income" that it is "reasonable to treat him as the
recipient of the income for tax purposes." Commissioner v.
Sunnen, (1948). Another is whether the
taxpayer receives a special "privilege or beneft" from the
entity that earns the income. Burnet, 289 U. S., at 679. A
third is whether the corporation is foreign and thus outside
the reach of an accumulated earnings tax. Cf. Ivan Allen
Co., 422 U. S., at 624. These factors may serve as a useful
guide for lower courts when applying today's decision to
taxes that attribute income from other types of corporations
Page Proof Pending Publication
to an individual taxpayer. Just because Congress can at-
tribute income of a closely held foreign corporation like
KisanKraft to its shareholders does not mean it has equal
power to attribute the income of a publicly traded domestic
corporation to anyone holding a few shares in her retire-
ment account.
C
Congress's power to attribute the income of closely held
corporations to their shareholders is a diffcult question -- 
and unfortunately, the parties barely addressed it. Without
focused briefng on the attribution question, I would not re-
solve it. Subpart F and the MRT may or may not be consti-
tutional, nonarbitrary attributions of closely held foreign
corporations' income to their shareholders. In this litiga-
tion, however, the Moores have conceded that subpart F is
constitutional. Tr. of Oral Arg. 9. And I agree with the
Court that subpart F is not meaningfully different from the
MRT in how it attributes corporate income to shareholders.
620 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

Ante, at 596 -- 597. Taxpayers generally bear the burden to
show they are entitled to a refund. United States v. Janis,
(1976); see also Haaland v. Brackeen, -- 278 (2023) (burden to show unconstitutional-
ity). Given the Moores' concession, they have not met that
burden here. For that reason, I concur in the Court's judg-
ment affrming the judgment below.

Justice Thomas, with whom Justice Gorsuch joins,
dissenting.
Charles and Kathleen Moore paid $14,729 in taxes on an
investment that never yielded them a penny. They chal-
lenge that tax -- the Mandatory Repatriation Tax (MRT) -- 
as unconstitutional. As relevant, they argue that a tax on
unrealized investment gains is not a tax on "incomes" within
the meaning of the Sixteenth Amendment, and it therefore
cannot be imposed "without apportionment among the sev-
Page Proof Pending Publication
eral States."
The Moores are correct. Sixteenth Amendment "in-
comes" include only income realized by the taxpayer. The
text and history of the Amendment make clear that it re-
quires a distinction between "income" and the "source" from
which that income is "derived." And, the only way to draw
such a distinction is with a realization requirement. Our
precedent says as much. In Eisner v. Macomber, (1920), the Court explained that "the characteristic and
distinguishing attribute of income," as the term is used in
the Sixteenth Amendment, is that it is "received or drawn
by the recipient (the taxpayer) for his separate use, beneft
and disposal." Id., at 207. Because the Moores never actu-
ally received any of their investment gains, those unrealized
gains could not be taxed as "income" under the Sixteenth
Amendment.
The Ninth Circuit wrongly rejected the Moores' challenge
on the ground that "realization of income is not a constitu-
tional requirement." 36 F. 4th 930, 936 (2022). That con-
 Cite as: (2024) 621

Thomas, J., dissenting

clusion cannot be reconciled with the Sixteenth Amendment
as the Court correctly interpreted it in Macomber. We
therefore granted certiorari to answer the question
"[w]hether the Sixteenth Amendment authorizes Congress
to tax unrealized sums without apportionment among the
states," i. e., as "incomes." Pet. for Cert. i.
Today, the Court upholds the MRT only by ignoring the
question presented. It does "not address the Government's
argument that a gain need not be realized to constitute in-
come under the Constitution." Ante, at 589,. Instead,
the Court answers the question "whether Congress may at-
tribute an entity's realized and undistributed income to the
entity's shareholders or partners, and then tax the share-
holders or partners on their portions of that income." Ante,
at 584. After changing the subject, the majority upholds
the MRT by relying on unrelated precedent to derive a "clear
rule" that "Congress can attribute the undistributed income
of an entity to the entity's shareholders or partners." Ante,
Page Proof Pending Publication
at 586 -- 587.
I respectfully dissent. The Ninth Circuit erred by con-
cluding that realization is not a constitutional requirement
for income taxes. And, the majority's "attribution" doctrine
is an unsupported invention.

I
The Sixteenth Amendment provides: "The Congress shall
have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from what-
ever source derived, without apportionment among the sev-
eral States, and without regard to any census or enumera-
tion." The central dispute in this case -- at least, in the case
briefed by the parties -- concerns the meaning of the word
"incomes" in the Amendment. The Moores defne "income"
as " `a gain, a proft, [or] something of exchangeable value'
[that] is `received or drawn by the recipient (the taxpayer)
for his separate use, beneft and disposal.' " Brief for Peti-
tioners 1. This idea -- 
622 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

that "income" is only something actually available for the
taxpayer's use -- is known as "realization." The Govern-
ment rejects the realization requirement, arguing instead
that "income" captures "all economic gains" whether or not
they are actually realized. Brief for United States 14 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted).
"Income" in the Sixteenth Amendment refers only to in-
come realized by the taxpayer. The Amendment resolved a
long-running confict over the scope of the Federal Govern-
ment's taxing power. It paved the way for a federal income
tax by creating a new constitutional distinction between
"income" and the "source" from which that income is "de-
rived." Drawing that distinction necessitates a realization
requirement.
A
To understand the text of the Sixteenth Amendment -- and,
in particular, the meaning of the word "income" -- one must
Page Proof Pending Publication
frst understand how the Amendment came about. The
Constitution's original taxing provisions divided taxes into
two classes: direct and indirect taxes. And, as part of a deli-
cate constitutional compromise, the original taxing provi-
sions required direct taxes to be apportioned among the
States based on population. Disputes about the scope of the
direct-tax category came to a head in Pollock v. Farmers'
Loan & Trust Co., (1895), when this Court held
that many income taxes were direct taxes subject to the ap-
portionment requirement. In reaching this conclusion, the
Court held that income could not be distinguished from its
source for purposes of classifying an income tax as direct or
indirect. The Sixteenth Amendment was ratifed to over-
rule that holding from Pollock, and it can therefore be under-
stood only in the context of Pollock and the preceding
history.
1
The Sixteenth Amendment modifed the Constitution's
original regulations of Congress's taxing power. The text
 Cite as: (2024) 623

Thomas, J., dissenting

of those provisions is therefore the natural starting point for
interpreting the Sixteenth Amendment. The Taxing Clause
provides Congress with broad authority to impose taxes.
Other Clauses, including the Direct Tax Clause, classify dif-
ferent kinds of taxes and set corresponding limitations on
Congress's power to impose them. The Sixteenth Amend-
ment alters those rules by making clear that taxes on income
are not subject to the limitations imposed on direct taxes.
The Constitution gives Congress the power to impose
"Taxes" of any kind, including income taxes. The Taxing
Clause provides that "Congress shall have Power To lay and
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts
and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of
the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall
be uniform throughout the United States." Art. I, cl. 1.
This Clause is the sole source of Congress's authority to im-
pose taxes. And, that authority is broad. Nothing in the
Constitution limits the kinds of taxes that Congress may im-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pose. As the Court has explained, "the authority conferred
upon Congress by" the Taxing Clause "is exhaustive and em-
braces every conceivable power of taxation." Brushaber v.
Union Pacifc R. Co., (1916).
But, the Constitution restricts the manner in which Con-
gress may impose taxes. It accomplishes this by dividing
taxes into two classes -- direct and indirect taxes -- and im-
posing a distinct limitation applicable to each of those
classes.1
Start with the class of direct taxes. The Direct Tax
Clause provides: "No Capitation, or other direct, Tax shall
be laid, unless in Proportion to the Census or Enumeration

1
The General Welfare Clause -- quoted alongside the rest of the Taxing
Clause above -- is also an important "qualifcation on the substantive tax-
ing power." Health and Hospital Corporation of Marion Cty. v. Talev-
ski, (2023) (Thomas, J., dissenting). But, because this
case does not implicate that limitation, I do not further explore the Gen-
eral Welfare Clause.
624 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

herein before directed to be taken." Art. I, cl. 4. The
Constitution does not expressly identify any tax as direct
other than a "Capitation." A "capitation" -- also called a
"poll tax" -- is "[a] fxed tax levied on each person within a
jurisdiction." Black's Law Dictionary 1760 (11th ed. 2019)
(defning "tax"). At the founding, the class of direct taxes
was also understood to include taxes on real property, and
perhaps taxes on personal property. See infra, at 632 -- 634.
Indirect taxes, on the other hand, include "Duties, Imposts
and Excises." Art. I, cl. 1. These were taxes that peo-
ple could avoid by adjusting their behavior -- generally, taxes
on articles of consumption. See The Federalist No. 21,
p. 116 (E. Scott ed. 1898) (A. Hamilton). "Indirect taxes"
are not identifed by that name in the Constitution. But,
the Constitution's delineation of a direct-tax category signals
the existence of a complementary indirect-tax category.
For each class of taxes, the Constitution limits Congress's
power with a distinct rule. Direct taxes are subject to the
Page Proof Pending Publication
rule of apportionment. The Constitution twice specifes
that "direct Taxes shall be apportioned among the several
States... according to their respective Numbers." 2 Art. I, cl. 3; see also, cl. 4. A tax is apportioned among the
States if "each State pays in proportion to its population."
National Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius,
(2012). An example best demonstrates
what apportionment requires. Suppose that Congress im-
posed a direct tax on houses, and apportioned the tax such
that two States of equal population were both responsible
for paying $100 in taxes. If the frst State contained 100
houses and the second State only 10, houses in the frst State
would be taxed at $1 each ($100 divided by 100 houses),
whereas houses in the second State would be taxed at $10
each ($100 divided by 10 houses).
2
Those "Numbers" were originally "determined by adding to the whole
Number of free Persons... three ffths of all other Persons." Art. I, cl. 3; but see Amdt. 14,.
 Cite as: (2024) 625

Thomas, J., dissenting

Indirect taxes are subject to the rule of uniformity: "[A]ll
Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the
United States." Art. I, cl. 1. The Court has explained
that "the words `uniform throughout the United States'...
signify... a geographical uniformity." Knowlton v. Moore,
(1900). In other words, a "tax is uniform
when it operates with the same force and effect in every
place where the subject of it is found." Head Money Cases,
(1884). So, a duty on the importation of
tea must impose the same rate on imports coming through
Boston as those coming through Savannah.3
The Sixteenth Amendment, on its face, narrows the scope
of the apportionment requirement. While direct taxes must
be apportioned, the Sixteenth Amendment allows Congress
to tax incomes "without apportionment." But, it did not re-
move the Direct Tax Clause or the apportionment require-
ment from the Constitution entirely. To appreciate the ex-
tent of the change, and its implications for the meaning of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the word "incomes," it is necessary to examine the origins
of the Direct Tax Clause and how disputes about the Clause's
scope led to the Sixteenth Amendment.
2
The Direct Tax Clause was a critical aspect of the balance
between state and federal power in the original design of
3
For the sake of completeness, three remaining taxing provisions in the
Constitution of 1789 bear mentioning. First, "a Tax or duty may be im-
posed" on the "Importation of such Persons as any of the States now exist-
ing shall think proper to admit" -- i. e., upon the foreign slave trade -- "not
exceeding ten dollars for each Person." Art. I, cl. 1. Second, "[n]o
Tax or Duty shall be laid on Articles exported from any State." Cl. 5.
And third, "[n]o State shall, without the Consent of the Congress, lay any
Imposts or Duties on Imports or Exports" (with limited exceptions).,
cl. 2. Together, these provisions defne the limits of state and federal
taxing power with respect to foreign and interstate commerce. I mention
them below only in passing. But, like the division between direct and
indirect taxes, these provisions refect the delicate balance that the Consti-
tution struck regarding the scope of the federal taxing power.
626 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

the Constitution. It is easy today to take the federal taxing
power for granted. But, at the founding, allowing the Na-
tional Government to exercise such a power was a radical
proposal. The importance of the limitations imposed by the
Direct Tax Clause to the compromise struck by the Constitu-
tion has signifcant implications for the meaning of "incomes"
in the Sixteenth Amendment.
The American colonial experience inspired widespread dis-
trust of taxation. See, e. g., Declaration of Independence
¶19. The Articles of Confederation refected that distrust.
Under the Articles, the entire taxing power was exclusive to
the States. The National Government had no power to im-
pose taxes of any kind. The only revenue for the National
Government was funds "supplied by the several states" pur-
suant to requisitions "in proportion to the value of all land
within each state." Articles of Confederation, Art. 8. And,
the taxes for paying those requisitions were imposed solely
Page Proof Pending Publication
by the States themselves.
The requisition system showed immediate signs of in-
adequacy. Raising funds through requisitions was often in-
effective because States felt little urgency to pay their ob-
ligations. See Federalist No. 30, at 160 (A. Hamilton)
(explaining that requisitions were formally "obligatory upon
the States," but that "in practice" the right to disregard
them was "constantly exercised"). And, the fnancial strain
placed on the National Government by the Revolutionary
War made that ineffciency an existential threat to the fedg-
ling Nation.
The Continental Congress quickly concluded that fnancing
the war effort would require another source of revenue for
the National Government. "[T]o establish the national
credit," the Congress's fnance Committee reported in De-
cember 1780, "it will be necessary" for the States to "vest[t]
in Congress" "[t]he exclusive right to duties arising on cer-
tain imported articles." 18 Journals of the Continental Con-
gress 1774 -- 1789, p. 1157 (G. Hunt ed. 1910). The Congress
 Cite as: (2024) 627

Thomas, J., dissenting

therefore proposed the Impost of 1781, "recommend[ing] to
the several states, as indispensably necessary, that they...
vest a power in Congress, to levy for the use of the United
States, a duty of fve per cent." on most imports. 19 Jour-
nals of the Continental Congress 112 (1912) (footnote omit-
ted). The President of the Continental Congress transmit-
ted the proposal to the States on February 8, 1781, under
a cover letter stressing the "precarious Manner" in which
Congress had to fund the Army under the requisition sys-
tem. 5 Letters of Members of the Continental Congress 564
(E. Burnett ed. 1931).
Every State but Rhode Island approved the Impost of
1781. See 1 Documentary History of the Ratifcation of the
Constitution 63 (M. Jensen ed. 1976) (Documentary History).
But, because the Articles of Confederation required amend-
ments like the impost to be approved unanimously, Rhode
Island's refusal defeated the amendment. Articles of Con-
federation, Art. 13; see also 23 Journals of the Continental
Page Proof Pending Publication
Congress 783 -- 784 (1914). In a letter to the Confederation
Congress,4 the Rhode Island Legislature explained that it
rejected the impost "[b]ecause it would be unequal in its op-
eration, bearing hardest on the most commercial states," in-
cluding Rhode Island. Id., at 788. One State's jealousy of
its lucrative tax base prevented the reform of the Articles'
fawed requisition system.
A year later, the Confederation Congress again proposed
a national taxing power with the Impost of 1783. The pro-
posal languished for years, and then failed after New York
refused its consent in February 1787. See 1 Documentary
History 190,. As the second impost awaited its slow
death, the Confederation Congress issued a dire warning
about the fnancial condition of the National Government in
February 1786. See 30 Journals of the Continental Con-
4
After the ratifcation of the Articles of Confederation in March 1781,
the Continental Congress became the Confederation Congress. See 1
Documentary History 136.
628 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

gress 70, 75 (J. Fitzpatrick ed. 1934). Faced with mounting
threats to the security of the country, and requisitions that
had become "so irregular in their operation" as to be "dan-
gerous to the welfare and peace of the Union," Congress as-
serted "that the crisis has arrived" when the people of the
United States must decide whether, "for want of a timely
exertion in establishing a general revenue," they will risk
both the existence of the Union and the liberty that they
won in the Revolution. Id., at 72, 75.
The practical impossibility of reforming the Articles to in-
clude a national taxing power was among the primary rea-
sons for the Constitutional Convention of 1787. John Adams
later refected as Vice President: "The opposition of Rhode
Island to the impost seems to have been the instrument
which providence thought ft to use for the great purpose
of establishing the present constitution." 26 Documentary
History 743 (J. Kaminski et al. eds. 2013). In February 1787,
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Continental Congress endorsed the call for a convention
of delegates in Philadelphia. See 32 Journals of the Conti-
nental Congress 74 (R. Hill ed. 1936). Virginia had been the
frst State to answer that call, and in appointing delegates,
made prominent reference to the Confederation Congress's
"alarming representations" about the poor state of public f-
nance. 1 Documentary History 196 -- 198 (discussing Con-
gress's warning of February 1786). The Virginia delegation
likewise emphasized the "ineffciency of requisitions" when
it opened the proceedings at the Convention. 1 Records of
the Federal Convention of 1787, pp. 18 -- 19 (M. Farrand ed.
1911) (Farrand's Records).
The possibility of a federal taxing power was highly con-
troversial at the Constitutional Convention, despite wide-
spread acknowledgment of the need to reform public fnance.
The Virginia plan -- a broad outline that was selected as the
basis for the new Government -- did not go so far as to in-
clude a federal taxing power. The Virginia delegation ap-
parently considered it less controversial to open the Conven-
 Cite as: (2024) 629

Thomas, J., dissenting

tion with a proposal that gave the Federal Government the
ability to enforce requisitions against the States by military
force. Id., at 21. The New Jersey plan, by contrast, did
include federal taxing powers. Id., at 243. Reason pre-
vailed, and the Convention judged it more prudent to risk a
federal taxing power than the extraction of federal revenue
by the use of military force against the States. See id., at
54 ("[Madison] observed that the more he refected on the
use of force [against delinquent States], the more he doubted
the practicability, the justice and the effcacy of it"). The
Convention proposed the Constitution with its taxing provi-
sions as described above; they would be ratifed unchanged.
See 2 id., at 590, 594, 596; supra, at 623 -- 625.
Unsurprisingly, the proposed creation of a federal taxing
power provoked many of the most passionate criticisms by
opponents of ratifcation. The Antifederalists warned that
a federal taxing power would destroy the state governments.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Brutus wrote that the central question presented by ratif-
cation was "whether the thirteen United States should be
reduced to one great republic... or whether they should
continue thirteen confederated republics." Brutus No. 1
(Oct. 18, 1787), in 2 The Complete Anti-Federalist 364 (H.
Storing ed. 1981). In support of his dramatic thesis, Brutus
asserted that "the individual states must very soon be anni-
hilated," in part by the federal taxing power. Id., at 365.
The destructive force of the federal taxing power, as Bru-
tus explained it, arose from the fact that it forced the States
to compete with the Federal Government for a tax base.
Because the Constitution prevented the States from emitting
paper money and laying duties or imposts, "[t]he only mean
therefore left, for any state to support its government and
discharge its debts, is by direct taxation." Id., at 366. But,
even the ability to resort to direct taxes would be fruitless,
because the power of direct taxation was shared with the
Federal Government. Ibid. Brutus thus argued that once
the Federal Government "begins to exercise the right of tax-
630 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

ation in all its parts, the legislatures of the several states
will fnd it impossible to raise monies to support their gov-
ernments" and then "dwindle away." Ibid. Other Anti-
federalists sounded the same theme at the state ratifying
conventions. See, e. g., 3 Debates on the Constitution 29
(J. Elliot ed. 1836) (Elliot's Debates) (George Mason arguing
in Virginia that the "two concurrent powers" of the State
and Federal Governments to impose taxes directly upon the
people "cannot exist long together").
The Federalists' defense of the new national taxing power
stressed that the Federal Government would impose direct
taxes only sparingly, as needed to supplement the revenue
from imposts in emergencies. Madison explained that
"[w]hen... direct taxes are not necessary, they will not be
recurred to. It can be of little advantage to those in power
to raise money in a manner oppressive to the people." Id.,
at 95. And, Federalists highlighted the protection provided
by the rule of apportionment. Hamilton explained that di-
Page Proof Pending Publication
rect taxes "never can oppress a particular state by an un-
equal imposition; because the Constitution has provided a
fxed ratio, a uniform rule, by which this must be regulated."
2 id., at 365. Madison argued that because representation
and direct taxation were apportioned by the same formula,
unjust taxes could not feasibly be imposed; those responsible
for paying direct taxes are correspondingly able to defeat
their imposition. See 3 id., at 256 -- 257.5

5
Several state ratifying conventions proposed amendments to
strengthen the protection provided by the Direct Tax Clause. For exam-
ple, the Massachusetts ratifying convention proposed that the Constitution
be modifed to allow direct taxes only "when the moneys arising from the
impost and excise are insuffcient for the public exigencies," and even then
only after Congress frst attempted to obtain such funds through requisi-
tions. 1 Elliot's Debates 322 -- 323. The ratifying conventions of South
Carolina, New Hampshire, New York, and Rhode Island concurred in the
proposed amendment. Id., at 325, 326, 329, 336. Although those propos-
als never became part of the Constitution, they demonstrate the impor-
tance that many ratifying States placed upon limitations to Congress's
power to lay direct taxes.
 Cite as: (2024) 631

Thomas, J., dissenting

With the Constitution's ratifcation, the requisition system
was replaced by a system that gave the Federal Government
the taxing power it had lacked under the Articles of Confed-
eration. That increase in power came at the expense of the
States. The States gave up the power to tax interstate and
foreign commerce, which was expected to be the main source
of federal revenue. They did retain the power of direct tax-
ation, but had to share it with the Federal Government -- an
arrangement that motivated signifcant opposition to the new
Constitution. The limitations on the Federal Government's
ability to exercise that concurrent power were thus an essen-
tial component of the constitutional compromise.

3
Postratifcation disagreement about what qualifed as a
"direct tax" would eventually lead to the adoption of the Six-
teenth Amendment. Even though the distinction between
Page Proof Pending Publication
direct and indirect taxes was an important component of the
founding compromise, it was not entirely clear how to distin-
guish between the two classes of taxes. The scope of the
"direct tax" category proved immediately controversial.
And, that controversy eventually came to bear on the ques-
tion of income taxation, with the Court initially concluding
that the Direct Tax Clause was not a barrier to taxing
incomes.
As the Constitution's text made clear, a "Capitation" was
"direct." Art. I, cl. 3. And, all agreed that taxes on
land and slaves were considered direct. See 3 Elliot's De-
bates 229. But, beyond that, the precise boundary between
direct and indirect taxes was debatable. An exchange at
the Constitutional Convention preserved in Madison's notes
is often cited on the subject: "Mr King asked what was the
precise meaning of direct taxation? No one answd." 2 Far-
rand's Records 350.
This Court grappled with the question in a signifcant case
decided soon after ratifcation. In 1794, the Third Congress
passed "An Act laying duties upon Carriages for the convey-
632 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

ance of Persons." Act of June 5, 1794, ch. 45, 1 Stat. 373.
The tax was not apportioned among the States. Some op-
posed the tax on the theory that a tax on personal property,
such as carriages, was a direct tax that required
apportionment.6
When Daniel Hylton failed to pay the tax on his 125 car-
riages, the United States brought a suit against him, and the
case soon found its way to the Supreme Court. Hylton v.
United States, 3 Dall. 171, 171 -- 172 (1796) (Hylton's Case).
"The argument turned entirely upon... whether the tax...
was a direct tax." Id., at 172. The four Justices who sat
for the case each agreed that the tax was constitutional, and
the three who offered reasons suggested that "direct" taxes
were limited to capitation and land taxes. But, they did so
with some caution.
Justice Chase was "inclined to think, but [did] not give
a judicial opinion, that the direct taxes contemplated by
the Constitution, are only two, to wit, a capitation, or poll
Page Proof Pending Publication
tax, simply, without regard to property, profession, or any
other circumstance; and a tax on land." Id., at 175. He
"doubt[ed] whether a tax, by a general assessment of per-
sonal property,... is included within the term direct tax."
Ibid. Justice Paterson observed that "[w]hether direct
taxes, in the sense of the Constitution, comprehend any other
tax than a capitation tax, and tax on land, is a questionable
point." Id., at 177. Justice Iredell opined that "[p]erhaps
a direct tax in the sense of the Constitution, can mean noth-
ing but a tax on something inseparably annexed to the soil.... A land or poll tax may be considered of this descrip-
tion." Id., at 183.

6
James Madison, for example, despaired about the unconstitutionality of
the tax in a letter to Thomas Jefferson. See 15 Papers of James Madison
327 (T. Mason, R. Rutland, & J. Sisson eds. 1985) ("And the tax on carriages
succeeded in spite of the Constitution.... By breaking down the barri-
ers of the constitution... wealth may fnd a precarious defence in the
sheild of justice").
 Cite as: (2024) 633

Thomas, J., dissenting

Additional disputes over what constituted direct taxation
arose when the Government resorted to new forms of taxa-
tion to fnance the Civil War. In several cases decided
shortly after the war, the Court relied on Hylton's Case to
conclude that new taxes were indirect. First, the Court
reasoned that "[i]f a tax upon carriages, kept for his own use
by the owner, [was] not a direct tax," then "a tax upon the
business of an insurance company" was not a direct tax. Pa-
cifc Ins. Co. v. Soule, 7 Wall. 433, 446 (1869). Next, the
Court concluded that a tax on the circulation of bank notes
was also indirect, but it surveyed ratifcation-era sources to
hint at a slightly more expansive defnition of direct taxes.
Veazie Bank v. Fenno, 8 Wall. 533, 544 (1869) ("direct taxes
were such as may be levied by capitation, and on lands and
appurtenances; or, perhaps, by valuation and assessment of
personal property upon general lists"). Finally, the Court
concluded that a tax on the devolution of title to real estate
Page Proof Pending Publication
was indirect, acknowledging that "it never ha[d] been de-
cided" whether any taxes besides "[t]axes on lands... and
capitation taxes" were "direct taxes." Scholey v. Rew, 23
Wall. 331, 347 (1875).
The Civil War also prompted Congress to enact the Na-
tion's frst-ever federal income tax. In 1861, Congress im-
posed a tax of three percent "upon the annual income of
every person residing in the United States, whether such
income is derived from any kind of property, or from any
profession,... or from any other source whatever," to the
extent that income exceeded $800., 12 Stat. 309. Over
the course of the Civil War, the income tax was paid by as
many as 1 in 10 Union households and accounted for about a
ffth of federal revenues. S. Weisman, The Great Tax Wars
101 -- 102 (2002) (Weisman). The tax remained in force, with
modifcations, until it expired in 1871., 16 Stat. 257.
The Court did not consider the constitutionality of the
Civil War income tax until a decade after its expiration, in
Springer v. United States, (1881). The "main
634 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

question" was whether the tax was an unapportioned direct
tax that violated the Direct Tax Clause. Id., at 595. The
Court held that the income tax was not a direct tax. Rely-
ing heavily on Hylton's Case, the Court reasoned "that di-
rect taxes, within the meaning of the Constitution, are only
capitation taxes... and taxes on real estate." 102 U. S., at
602. Accordingly, the income tax at issue was "within the
category of an excise or duty." Ibid.7
In summary, after disputes over the scope of the Direct
Tax Clause between the founding and the expiration of the
Civil War income tax, the Court apparently concluded that
direct taxes were limited to poll taxes and taxes on land.
Ibid. But, the Court expressed some doubt as to the proper
classification of taxes " levied by... valuation and as-
sessment of personal property." Veazie Bank, 8 Wall., at
544. Based on that narrow reading of the Direct Tax
Clause, the Court upheld the Civil War income tax against a
Page Proof Pending Publication
constitutional challenge. But, the long-running skirmishes
about direct taxation would soon come to a dramatic climax
following the imposition of the frst federal income tax in
peacetime.

7
In the case before us, the Government relies heavily on another case
involving the Civil War income tax, Collector v. Hubbard, 12 Wall. 1 (1871).
According to the Government, Hubbard "upheld [Congress's] power to"
impose "taxes on undistributed corporate earnings" as "income taxes,"
a result that subsequent decisions "temporarily undermined" until "the
Sixteenth Amendment... reinstat[ed]" it. Brief for United States 9.
But, Hubbard is of virtually no relevance to the Sixteenth Amendment.
Contrary to the Government's assertions, the taxpayer in Hubbard made
a statutory argument about the meaning of the word "entitled," not any
argument about the scope of Congress's power. See Brief for Respondent
in Collector v. Hubbard, O. T. 1870, No. 122, p. 4. Nor did Hubbard uphold
the tax as an income tax. Instead, it interpreted the statute as a tax on
a shareholder's property rights in undistributed profts. 12 Wall., at 18.
Because the taxpayer did not bring a constitutional challenge based on
the Direct Tax Clause, the Court had no occasion to consider the potential
implications of treating the tax as a property tax.
 Cite as: (2024) 635

Thomas, J., dissenting

4
I next consider the single most important piece of context
for understanding the Sixteenth Amendment: Pollock v.
Farmers' Loan & Trust Co., the case that the
Amendment overruled. In Pollock, the Court concluded,
for the frst time, that a tax was direct, not apportioned, and
therefore unconstitutional. The Court's reasoning turned
on the premise that the Constitution permits no distinction
between taxing income and taxing the source from which
that income is derived. The holding of Pollock thus meant
that most income taxes would have to be apportioned, a re-
quirement that made them politically unpalatable. See
supra, at 624 (describing possible state-by-state variations
in rates for apportioned taxes). Because the Sixteenth
Amendment overruled the result in Pollock, an accurate un-
derstanding of the case is essential to understanding the
Amendment.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Congress imposed the Nation's frst peacetime income tax
as part of the Revenue Act of 1894. The Act paired a
new tax on the incomes of the wealthiest two percent of
Americans with tariff cuts that would beneft less wealthy
consumers. See Weisman 132 -- 133, 145. The income-tax
component of the Act provided:
"That [from 1895 until 1900] there shall be assessed,
levied, collected, and paid annually upon the gains,
profts, and income received in the preceding calendar
year by [citizens and resident aliens], whether said gains,
profts, or income be derived from any kind of property,
rents, interest, dividends, or salaries, or from any pro-
fession, trade, employment, or vocation..., or from any
other source whatever, a tax of two per centum on the
amount so derived over and above four thousand dol-
lars.", 28 Stat. 553.
The income tax was not apportioned among the States by
population.
636 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

In Pollock v. Farmers' Loan & Trust Co., 
(1895), the Court considered whether the 1894 income tax
was a direct tax that failed to satisfy the Direct Tax Clause's
apportionment requirement. The taxpayer argued that por-
tions of the tax were direct because "imposing a tax on the
income or rents of real estate, imposes a tax upon the real
estate itself." Id., at 555. And, taking the position that
taxes on personal property are also direct taxes, the tax-
payer argued that "imposing a tax on the... income of bonds
or other personal property... imposes a tax upon the per-
sonal estate itself." Ibid.
The Court endeavored to determine what "were recog-
nized as direct taxes" "at the time the Constitution was
framed and adopted." Id., at 558. The Court considered
historical context, the records of the Constitutional Conven-
tion, the Federalist Papers, other documents from the ratif-
cation debates, the 1794 carriage tax, and Hylton's Case.
Page Proof Pending Publication
157 U. S., at 558 -- 568, 570 -- 572. The Court concluded that
"all taxes on real estate or personal property or the rents or
income thereof were regarded as direct taxes" at the time
the Constitution was ratifed. Id., at 573 -- 574. After reach-
ing a conclusion about the original meaning of the Constitu-
tion, the Court surveyed its precedents and observed that
"in none of them is it determined that taxes on rents or in-
come derived from land are not taxes on land," and that
"none... discussed the question whether a tax on the income
from personalty is equivalent to a tax on that personalty."
Id., at 579. The Court had some diffculty explaining
Springer, which stated that direct taxes are limited to capi-
tation and land taxes and concluded that a tax on income
was an indirect tax. See supra, at 633 -- 634. But, the Court
returned to "[t]he original record" in Springer to review the
sources of the taxpayer's income, and it distinguished the
case on that ground. 157 U. S., at 578 -- 579.
In the end, the Court concluded that income could not be
distinguished from the source from which it was derived
 Cite as: (2024) 637

Thomas, J., dissenting

for purposes of determining whether a tax on that income
would be direct or indirect. It was "unable to perceive any
ground" "upon which to rest the contention that real estate
belongs to one of the two great classes of taxes," i. e., the
direct-tax class, "and the rent or income which is the incident
of its ownership belongs to the other," i. e., the indirect-tax
class. Id., at 581. It grounded that conclusion in the fact
that the Direct Tax Clause was a federalism provision at the
heart of the constitutional compromise: "If, by calling a tax
indirect when it is essentially direct, the rule of protection
could be frittered away, one of the great landmarks defning
the boundary between the Nation and the States of which it
is composed, would have disappeared, and with it one of
the bulwarks of private rights and private property." Id.,
at 583.
The Court held that the Act was unconstitutional in part,
"so far as it levies a tax on the rents or income of real es-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tate." Ibid. But, the Justices divided evenly on the ques-
tion whether the tax was unconstitutional "as to the income
from personal property." Id., at 586. The case was there-
fore scheduled for rehearing.
After rehearing, the Court extended its logic and held that
a tax on income derived from personal property -- like a tax
on income derived from real property -- was a direct tax.
158 U. S., at 625. The Court offered a more thorough expla-
nation for why income could not be distinguished from its
source when classifying a tax. It began by observing that
the distinction between direct and indirect taxes was critical
to our system of federalism. By ratifying the Constitution,
the States "gave up the great sources of revenue derived
from commerce" and "retained the power of direct taxation,"
but only concurrently with the Federal Government. Id.,
at 620. Limitations on federal direct taxation offered state
governments a fscal safe haven against expanding federal
authority, in recognition of the fact "that the power to tax
involved the power to destroy." Id., at 621. "[T]he quali-
638 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

fed grant" of an apportioned direct-taxation power built se-
curity into the "structure of the government itself... by
providing that direct taxation and representation in the
lower house of Congress should be adjusted on the same
measure." Id., at 621 -- 622.
The Court relied on those federalism principles to reject
the argument "that income is taxable irrespective of the
source from whence it is derived." Id., at 629. It explained
that the Constitution -- read "in its plain and obvious sense"
and in the context of "the circumstances attending the for-
mation of the government" -- could not be understood to treat
income "as belonging to a totally different class" of taxation
than the class "which includes the property from whence the
income proceeds." Id., at 627 -- 628. Such an interpretation
would leave the Direct Tax Clause "utterly illusory and fu-
tile, and the object of its framers defeated." Id., at 628.
The Court refused to allow the effect of the Direct Tax
Clause to be "refned away by forced distinctions between"
Page Proof Pending Publication
income and source. Ibid.
5
The Sixteenth Amendment was designed to overrule Pol-
lock's obstacle to an income tax, and it was understood by
the public in those terms. Pollock stood in some tension
with the Civil War tax cases, and it was not well received.
Critics likened it to Dred Scott v. Sandford, 19 How. 393
(1857), and the decision became a major issue in the 1896
Presidential election. Weisman 148. By the 1908 Presiden-
tial election, both major political parties supported fnding a
way, Pollock notwithstanding, to impose an income tax.
See E. Seligman, The Income Tax 591 -- 592 (2d ed. 1914).
In 1909, President Taft pledged his support for an income-
tax amendment. In a widely published message to Con-
gress, he explained that "[t]he decision of the Supreme
Court" in Pollock "deprived the national government of a
power which" it "ought to have." Taft Asks for Tax, Wash-
ington Post, June 17, 1909, p. 4. Taft therefore asked Con-
 Cite as: (2024) 639

Thomas, J., dissenting

gress to "propose an amendment to the Constitution confer-
ring the power to levy an income tax upon the national
government without apportionment." Ibid.
Shortly after the President delivered his message, Senator
Norris Brown of Nebraska proposed an income-tax amend-
ment providing: "The Congress shall have power to lay and
collect direct taxes on incomes without apportionment
among the several States according to population." 44
Cong. Rec. 3377 (1909). The proposed amendment's narrow
focus on an income tax was signifcant. After all, a constitu-
tional amendment could have easily eliminated Pollock's ob-
stacle to income taxation by removing the Constitution's
direct-tax provisions wholesale.8
A few weeks later, the proposed amendment emerged from
Committee in its modern form. It is not clear how the origi-
nal proposal's reference to "direct taxes" was removed, or
how the phrase "from whatever source derived" was added.
See E. Jensen, The Taxing Power, the Sixteenth Amend-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment, and the Meaning of "Incomes," 33 Ariz. St. L. J. 1057,
1116 -- 1117 (2001). The Amendment was passed by Congress
on July 12, 1909. See 44 Cong. Rec. 4440. And, the Secre-
tary of State certifed that the Amendment had been ratifed
by the States on February 25, 1913. 37 Stat. 1785.

B
With a full understanding of the context against which the
Sixteenth Amendment was ratifed, two conclusions become
clear. First, because the Amendment abolished Pollock's

8
In fact, that possibility was suggested on the Senate foor as soon as
the proposed amendment was read. 44 Cong. Rec. 3377 ("[I]f the Senator
from Nebraska will change his amendment to the Constitution so as to
strike out" all references to direct taxes, "he will accomplish all that his
amendment proposes to accomplish and not make a constitutional amend-
ment for the enacting of a single act of legislation"). But, Senator Brown
responded that his "purpose [was] to confne it to income taxes alone."
Ibid.
640 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

rule that an income tax must be classifed as direct or indi-
rect based on whether a tax on the source of that income
would be direct or indirect, the Amendment created a consti-
tutional distinction between income and its source. Second,
because Sixteenth Amendment "income" must be distin-
guished from its source, the Amendment includes a realiza-
tion requirement.
1
I return, fnally, to the text of the Sixteenth Amendment:
"The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on
incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportion-
ment among the several States, and without regard to any
census or enumeration." Against the background of Pol-
lock, the "power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from
whatever source derived, without apportionment" under the
Sixteenth Amendment has an obvious and narrow meaning.
The only thing the Amendment changed about the Constitu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion was to abolish Pollock's rule that an income tax is a
direct tax if a tax on the source of the income would be a
direct tax. The Sixteenth Amendment left everything else
in place, including the federalism principles bound up in the
division between direct and indirect taxes.
The Court was frst asked to interpret the Sixteenth
Amendment in Brushaber v. Union Pacifc R. Co.,. A taxpayer raised an exhaustive set of "twenty-one con-
stitutional objections" to the frst income tax under the
Sixteenth Amendment. Id., at 10. Recognizing that the
text of the Amendment could not be understood in a vacuum,
the Court began with the text of the original taxing provisions
and the history of the disputes over direct taxes from Hylton's
Case to Pollock. 240 U. S., at 12 -- 17. I can little improve
on Brushaber's explanation of the Sixteenth Amendment.
"[T]he whole purpose of the Amendment was to relieve all
income taxes... from apportionment [based on] a consider-
ation of the source whence the income was derived." Id., at
18. Pollock stood for the rule that "whether a tax on in-
 Cite as: (2024) 641

Thomas, J., dissenting

come [is] direct" must be determined based upon a consider-
ation of "the property from which the income [is] derived."
240 U. S., at 18. It was by "the rule applied in the Pollock
Case... alone" that income "taxes were removed from the
great class of [indirect taxes] and were placed under the...
direct class." Id., at 19. The Amendment did nothing more
than remove that rule. The result was "the prevention of
the resort to the sources from which a taxed income was
derived in order to... place [an income tax] in the class of
direct taxes." Ibid. But, other than that change, the
Amendment "was drawn with the object of maintaining the
limitations of the Constitution," including Pollock's holding
that direct taxes included "taxes levied directly on personal
property because of its ownership." 240 U. S., at 19.
The Sixteenth Amendment thus facilitated an income tax
by creating a new constitutional distinction between "in-
come" and its "source." Under the Amendment, "from
whatever source" income is "derived," a tax on it is indirect
Page Proof Pending Publication
and therefore not subject to the rule of apportionment.
But, as to taxes on the sources of income, the restrictions
imposed by the division between direct and indirect taxes
continued to apply with full force. And, taxes on property
continued to be classifed as direct taxes.

2
Because the Sixteenth Amendment requires a way to dis-
tinguish between income and source, it includes a realization
requirement. The text of the Amendment incorporates such
a requirement, and the concept of realization was well under-
stood at the time of ratifcation. The Constitution thus lim-
its unapportioned income taxes to taxes on realized income.
The word "income" in the Sixteenth Amendment must be
interpreted in light of the Amendment's distinction between
income and source. As the Court appreciated in Eisner v.
Macomber, failure to understand "income" in this way leads
to an interpretation of the Sixteenth Amendment that mis-
642 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

takenly displaces aspects of the original taxing provisions
that the Amendment left in place: "In order, therefore, that
the clauses cited from Article I of the Constitution may have
proper force and effect, save only as modifed by the Amend-
ment, and that the latter also may have proper effect, it be-
comes essential to distinguish between what is and what is
not `income.' " 252 U. S., at 206.
Without an understanding of "income" that distinguishes
it from "source," the Sixteenth Amendment undermines the
restriction imposed by the Direct Tax Clause. The Govern-
ment asserts that the Sixteenth Amendment uses " `income'... to refer to all economic gains." Brief for United States
14 (some internal quotation marks omitted). That under-
standing of "income" would allow taxes on real and personal
property without apportionment. To be sure, most of the
Government's arguments focus on "taxes on individuals' pro
rata shares of undistributed corporate earnings." Id., at 13.
Page Proof Pending Publication
But, the Government is not shy about the fact that its defni-
tion of income includes things such as "increase in the value
of a corporation's capital assets," "increase in the value of
unsold property," and "appreciation in the value of securi-
ties." Id., at 16 (alterations and internal quotation marks
omitted). Those increases are "income" in a purely eco-
nomic sense, but not in a sense that meaningfully distin-
guishes between "income" and the "source" from which it is
"derived." A tax on each, whether it be an increase in
assets, unsold property, or securities, would be a tax on the
value of real estate or property, and should therefore require
apportionment under the Direct Tax Clause.
The text of the Sixteenth Amendment points to the con-
cept of realization, as the Court explained that concept in
Macomber. The Amendment is clear that the word "in-
come" refers to something that is "derived." Dictionaries
at the time of ratifcation defned "derive" as "[t]o receive,
as from a source or origin" and "to draw." Webster's New
International Dictionary 601 (1913) (Webster's). And, that
 Cite as: (2024) 643

Thomas, J., dissenting

sense of "derived" maps neatly onto Macomber's realization-
focused defnition of "income" as being "received or drawn
by the recipient (the taxpayer) for his separate use." 252
U. S., at 207.
In fact, the idea of realization as the distinction between
income and source long predates both Macomber and the
Sixteenth Amendment. As the Government acknowledges,
"the concept" of "realization... was well established when
the Amendment was adopted." Brief for United States 15.
The term "realized" appeared in several Civil War income
tax provisions. Id., at 16. And, contemporaneous "[d]ictionaries de-
fned `realize' as `to convert any kind of property into
money.' " Brief for United States 15 -- 16 ;
alteration omitted). The Government argues that the deci-
sion to omit the often-used word "realized" from the Six-
Page Proof Pending Publication
teenth Amendment is signifcant evidence that the Amend-
ment does not require realization. See Brief for United
States 16. But, the choice to instead use the near-synonym
"derived" merely refects the repeated use of the word "de-
rive" to describe the relationship of income to its source in
Pollock, to which the Sixteenth Amendment was a direct
response. See 158 U. S., at 618, 629, 635.
The metaphor that the Court famously used in Macomber
also shows the deep roots of the realization concept. To il-
lustrate the "fundamental relation of `capital' to `income,' "
Macomber compared "the former... to the tree or the land,
[and] the latter to the fruit or crop." 252 U. S., at 206. That
understanding of income as being something "severed from"
its source predated the Sixteenth Amendment. In a well-
cited case from 1878, the Georgia Supreme Court relied on a
tree-and-fruit analogy in a tax case to explain the difference
between income and property: "The fact is, property is a
tree; income is the fruit." Waring v. Mayor and Aldermen
of Savannah, 60 Ga. 93, 100 (1878); see also Black's Law Dic-
644 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

tionary, at 612 (defning "income" ).
The text of the Sixteenth Amendment, read against the
background of its adoption, confrms that the "incomes" that
the Sixteenth Amendment allows Congress to tax without
apportionment are only realized incomes. We granted cer-
tiorari in this case to answer whether Congress may "tax
unrealized sums without apportionment among the states."
Pet. for Cert. i. As the Sixteenth Amendment makes clear,
the answer to that question is a resounding "no." The Court
errs today by failing to correct the Ninth Circuit's contrary
understanding.
* * *
It is imperative to give the original taxing provisions in
Article I their proper effect. Those provisions refect a deli-
cate compromise under which the founding generation took
the great risk of ceding much of the States' exclusive tax-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing authority to the Federal Government. Supra, at 625 -- 
631. Without that compromise, the Constitution could eas-
ily have been rejected. To be sure, the States slightly
altered the original agreement by ratifying the Sixteenth
Amendment. But, a constitutional amendment does not af-
fect our duty of fdelity to the aspects of the original agree-
ment that remain in place -- including the Direct Tax Clause.
If a written constitution is to mean anything, the compro-
mises it records must bind us until we amend them.

II
The Court strains to uphold the Mandatory Repatriation
Tax without addressing whether the Sixteenth Amendment
includes a realization requirement, the question we agreed
to answer in this case. The majority starts by surveying a
scattered sampling of precedents -- mostly about tax avoid-
ance -- to invent an "attribution" doctrine that sustains the
MRT. The majority also relies on "longstanding congres-
sional practice" to conclude that the Moores' claim fails be-
 Cite as: (2024) 645

Thomas, J., dissenting

cause they cannot distinguish the MRT from similar taxes
imposed by Congress in the past, which the Moores concede
are constitutional. Neither point can withstand scrutiny.

A
To avoid the question whether the Sixteenth Amendment
requires realization, the majority reframes the case as being
about whether Congress may attribute an entity's realized
income to shareholders or partners. Ante, at 584. Accord-
ing to the majority, our precedents establish a "clear rule"
that the Sixteenth Amendment empowers Congress to
choose whether "to tax [an] entity on its income" or instead
"tax the entity's shareholders or partners on their share of
the entity's undistributed income." Ante, at 593. Applying
this rule, the Court concludes that the MRT permissibly
chooses to attribute undistributed income earned by foreign
corporations to their American shareholders. The Court
Page Proof Pending Publication
thus refuses to address the "Government's argument that
a gain need not be realized to constitute income under the
Constitution" because the foreign corporation has realized
the income. Ante, at 589,.
The majority's Sixteenth Amendment "attribution" doc-
trine is a new invention. The majority justifes its creation
by plucking superfcially supportive phrases from an eclectic
selection of tax cases. But, none of the cases supports the
proposition that the Sixteenth Amendment empowers Con-
gress to freely attribute income to any taxpayer it reason-
ably chooses.
The majority begins with Burk-Waggoner Oil Assn. v.
Hopkins, (1925), a case that it says "articulated
[the] fundamental principle" that "Congress could tax...
income as it ch[ooses]," either by taxing an entity or an indi-
vidual. Ante, at 585. But, Burk-Waggoner merely held that
Congress may tax a de facto corporation on its own income,
even if it is formally a partnership under state law. See
269 U. S., at 114 ("[N]othing in the Constitution precludes
646 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

Congress from taxing as a corporation an association which,
although unincorporated, transacts its business as if it were
incorporated"). Tellingly, we have never cited Burk-
Waggoner for the proposition derived by the majority, but
instead for the proposition that federal statutes "designed to
tax income actually earned... are not to be frustrated by
state laws." Commissioner v. Tower, 
(1946) ; see also Lyeth v. Hoey, (1938) (same); Hemphill v. Orloff, (1928) (same). Burk-Waggoner thus shows that state
law may not be used as a means of evading federal taxes -- 
not that Congress may choose whether to attribute income
to entities or individuals.
The majority then cites Burnet v. Leininger, 
(1932), which it says "reiterated" that Congress can choose
to impose income-tax liability " `upon [a] partnership di-
rectly' " or " `upon the individuals carrying on business in
Page Proof Pending Publication
partnership.' " Ante, at 585 -- 586.
But, the majority quotes language that is part of a due proc-
ess holding, not an application of the Sixteenth Amendment.
Leininger involved a taxpayer's attempt to evade taxation
by assigning half of his share in a partnership's income to
his wife. Id., at 138. The taxpayer argued that assessing
income taxes against him based on "a partnership interest
owned by his wife" violated the Fifth Amendment's Due
Process Clause. Brief for Respondent in Burnet v. Lei-
ninger, O. T. 1931, No. 426, p. 24. The Court rejected the
argument, concluding that it did not violate due process to
"tax the distributive share of each partner" by ignoring the
taxpayer's attempt to divert his income to his wife. 285
U. S., at 142. The majority is clear that it offers no opinion
about due process questions. See ante, at 581, nn. 4, 6. Be-
cause Leininger is a due process case, it is unclear how it
supports the majority's Sixteenth Amendment attribution
doctrine.
 Cite as: (2024) 647

Thomas, J., dissenting

Next, the majority claims that the Court "reaffrmed that
Congress may choose to tax either [a] partnership or [its]
partners" in Heiner v. Mellon, (1938), when it
rejected the argument by members of a partnership "that
Congress could not tax them on income that they did not and
could not personally receive." Ante, at 586. But, Heiner is
a statutory interpretation case. Under the applicable stat-
ute, the taxpayers were subject to a tax on their "distribu-
tive share, whether distributed or not, of the net income of
the partnership.", 40 Stat. 1070. The taxpayers
argued only that "there was no distributive share" within
the meaning of the statute, because distribution was cur-
rently impossible under state law; they made no argument
about the scope of Congress's power. Brief for Respondents
in Heiner v. Mellon, O. T. 1937, No. 144 etc., p. 34. Heiner's
interpretation of the statutory phrase "distributive share"
cannot be understood as a holding about the scope of Con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
gress's supposed attribution power.
The majority completes its survey of "attribution" prece-
dents with Helvering v. National Grocery Co., 
(1938), which it says extended Heiner's attribution principle
from partnerships to corporations. Ante, at 586. But, Na-
tional Grocery demonstrates Congress's ability to legislate
against tax-avoidance schemes -- not an ability to freely at-
tribute corporate income to shareholders. The majority
misleadingly describes National Grocery as involving "the
controlling shareholder of a corporation" being taxed "indi-
vidually... on the year's profts." Ante, at 586. In reality, the case involved a
tax paid by a corporation -- owned 100% by one person -- after
the corporation permitted profts to accumulate without dis-
tribution " `for the purpose of preventing the imposition of
[a] surtax upon [the] sole stockholder.' " 304 U. S., at 285.
In essence, the sole stockholder used the corporation as a
tax-free bank account to hold what was really his income.
648 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

The Court concluded that Congress may legislate to prevent
"the sole owner of [a] business" from "conducting it as a cor-
poration" to avoid the tax consequences that would attach if
the business had "been carried on as a partnership." Id., at
288. The Court cited Heiner merely to explain those tax
consequences, not to support an attribution principle. Na-
tional Grocery is yet another tax-evasion case, not an appli-
cation of an attribution principle.
At most, the cases cited by the majority demonstrate that
Congress may attribute income to the entity or individual
who actually controlled it when necessary to defeat attempts
to evade tax liability. They do not suggest that Congress
may freely choose whether to impose an income tax on a
corporation or on its shareholders. The "clear rule" that the
majority relies on to sidestep the realization question is thus
a mirage. Ante, at 593.
B

Page Proof
The majority Pending
separately Publication
concludes that the Moores' claim
fails because they cannot distinguish the MRT from other
longstanding taxes that they concede are constitutional.
The majority sees no distinction between the MRT and older
taxes on partnerships, "S corporations," and closely held for-
eign corporations under other parts of subpart F. Ante, at
592 -- 597. But, the majority's insistence that the MRT is just
like other forms of pass-through taxation is not convincing.
First, the MRT's taxation of corporate shareholders is not
like pass-through taxation of partners. The Moores are cor-
rect that the Sixteenth Amendment allows Congress to tax
partners on partnership income because "partnerships hav[e]
no existence separate from their partners." Brief for Peti-
tioners 51. A partner's share of partnership income is
therefore understood to be his own income. The majority
quibbles with the Moores' understanding of early-20th cen-
tury partnership law and points out that " legislatures
treated partnerships as separate entities in many contexts,"
 Cite as: (2024) 649

Thomas, J., dissenting

including for some tax purposes. Ante, at 593 -- 594. But,
the fact that a partnership can sometimes be treated as an
entity is beside the point. The signifcant fact is that part-
ners had long been considered to be subject to income taxes
without consideration of the partnership; longstanding taxes
based on that understanding are not implicated by the
Moores' challenge to the MRT.
Second, and for similar reasons, the MRT's taxation of cor-
porate shareholders is not like pass-through taxation of
shareholders of "S corporations." An S corporation is a cor-
poration that does not have more than 100 shareholders, does
not have any shareholder who is not an individual or who is
a nonresident alien, does not have more than one class of
stock, and which elects to be treated as an S corporation. 26
U. S. C. (1), (b)(1). These eligibility requirements
make it clear that pass-through taxation of S corporations is
merely an extension of the pass-through taxation of partner-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ships. Indeed, for most tax purposes, S corporations are
equivalent to partnerships, not to corporations. "Tax prac-
titioners often say that an S corporation is taxed like a part-
nership." CCH S Corp. Guide ¶510, p. 505 (2013); see also
West's Tax Law Dictionary (2024) (defning "S Corporation"
as "Corporation which elects S status and receives tax treat-
ment similar to a partnership"). Taxing S corporation
shareholders on corporate income is constitutional for the
same reasons as taxing partners on partnership income. To
the majority, "S corporations are another example of Con-
gress's authority to either tax the corporation itself on corpo-
rate income or attribute the undistributed income to the
shareholders and tax the shareholders." Ante, at 595. But,
it does not make sense to look to S corporations for conclu-
sions about the pass-through taxation of corporate share-
holders generally.
Finally, the MRT is unlike other taxes on shareholders of
closely held foreign corporations. The MRT "differs from
650 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

other provisions of Subpart F" -- the portion of the Internal
Revenue Code dealing with controlled foreign corpora-
tions -- because the MRT does not focus on "the corporation's
receipt of investment earnings while subject to the share-
holders' control." Brief for Petitioners 44 -- 45. Subpart F
"aligns the corporation's earning of the money being taxed
with the shareholder's control in the same year." Reply
Brief 23. But, "[t]he MRT by its terms takes no account of
whether a shareholder had any interest or control when the
corporation made the earnings that it attributes to her."
Ibid. In fact, the MRT "tags a shareholder with taxable
`income' even if " he purchased shares "long after the corpo-
ration earned the sums being taxed," and it imposes no liabil-
ity on taxpayers who owned shares for years of retained
earnings but sold them before the MRT's trigger date.
Brief for Petitioners 45. Subpart F includes some minimal
requirements to ensure that taxable "income" belongs to the
Page Proof Pending Publication
shareholder in some way; the MRT abandons that effort
entirely.
The majority concludes that "the MRT... has the same
essential features as subpart F." Ante, at 596. But, unlike
the rest of subpart F, the MRT has no connection at all to
any "recognition event" or "constructive receipt of income,"
and it offers no "rational basis for Congress to attribute in-
come to a taxpayer." S. McElroy, The Mandatory Repatria-
tion Tax Is Unconstitutional, 36 Yale J. Reg. Bull. 69, 80 -- 81
(2018). The MRT turns solely on the ownership of stock on
a certain date. That is a signifcant difference between the
MRT and the rest of subpart F, and one with constitutional
implications.
The fact that the MRT has novel features does not mean
that it is unconstitutional. But, the MRT is undeniably
novel when compared to older income taxes, and many of
those differences are constitutionally relevant. Because the
MRT is imposed merely based on ownership of shares in a
corporation, it does not operate as a tax on income.
 Cite as: (2024) 651

Thomas, J., dissenting

C
The majority is not ashamed to lay bare the consequential-
ist heart of its opinion. Because it wrongly concludes that
the Moores' constitutional argument would invalidate not
only the MRT but also other longstanding taxes, the major-
ity frets that the Moores would "deprive the U. S. Govern-
ment and the American people of trillions in lost tax reve-
nue" and "require Congress to either drastically cut critical
national programs or signifcantly increase [other] taxes."
Ante, at 597. "The Constitution does not require that fscal
calamity," the majority proclaims. Ibid. I agree. But, if
Congress invites calamity by building the tax base on consti-
tutional quicksand, "[t]he judicial Power" afforded to this
Court does not include the power to fashion an emergency
escape. Art. III, cl. 1.
Even as the majority admits to reasoning from fscal conse-
quences, it apparently believes that a generous application of
Page Proof Pending Publication
dicta will guard against unconstitutional taxes in the future.
The majority's analysis begins with a list of non-existent
taxes that the Court does not today bless, including a wealth
tax. Ante, at 584 -- 585,. And, it concludes by offering a
narrow interpretation of its own holding, hinting at limiting
doctrines, prejudging future taxes, cataloguing the Gov-
ernment's concessions, and reserving other questions "for
another day." Ante, at 598 -- 600. Sensing that upholding
the MRT cedes additional ground to Congress, the majority
arms itself with dicta to tell Congress "no" in the future.
But, if the Court is not willing to uphold limitations on the
taxing power in expensive cases, cheap dicta will make no
difference.
III
The Court today upholds the MRT, but not because it en-
dorses the Ninth Circuit's erroneous view that "realization
of income is not a constitutional requirement." 36 F. 4th, at
936. The majority acknowledges that the Sixteenth Amend-
652 MOORE v. UNITED STATES

Thomas, J., dissenting

ment draws a distinction between income and its source.
Ante, at 583. And, it does not dispute that realization is
what distinguishes income from property. Ante, at 584.
Those premises are suffcient to establish that realization is
a constitutional requirement. Sixteenth Amendment "in-
come" is only realized income. We should not have hesi-
tated to say so in this case. I respectfully dissent.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 609, line 17: "the" is inserted before "liquid"
p. 610, line 3 from bottom: "realized" is inserted before "taxable"
p. 636, line 10: "on" is replaced with "upon"