JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
When a consumer purchases goods or services, the
consumer's State often imposes a sales tax. This case
requires the Court to determine when an out-of-state
seller can be required to collect and remit that tax. All
concede that taxing the sales in question here is lawful.
The question is whether the out-of-state seller can be held
responsible for its payment, and this turns on a proper
interpretation of the Commerce Clause, U. S. Const.,
Art. I, cl. 3.
In two earlier cases the Court held that an out-of-state
seller's liability to collect and remit the tax to the consum­
er's State depended on whether the seller had a physical
presence in that State, but that mere shipment of goods
into the consumer's State, following an order from a cata­
log, did not satisfy the physical presence requirement.
National Bellas Hess, Inc. v. Department of Revenue of Ill.,
(1967); Quill Corp. v. North Dakota, (1992). The Court granted certiorari here to
reconsider the scope and validity of the physical presence
rule mandated by those cases.
2 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

Opinion of the Court

I
Like most States, South Dakota has a sales tax. It taxes
the retail sales of goods and services in the State. S. D.
Codified Laws -- 45 -- 2, 10 -- 45 -- 4 (2010 and Supp. 2017).
Sellers are generally required to collect and remit this tax
to the Department of Revenue. -- 45 -- 27.3. If for some
reason the sales tax is not remitted by the seller, then in­
state consumers are separately responsible for paying a
use tax at the same rate. See -- 46 -- 2, 10 -- 46 -- 4, 10 -- 46 -- 
6. Many States employ this kind of complementary sales
and use tax regime.
Under this Court's decisions in Bellas Hess and Quill,
South Dakota may not require a business to collect its
sales tax if the business lacks a physical presence in the
State. Without that physical presence, South Dakota
instead must rely on its residents to pay the use tax owed
on their purchases from out-of-state sellers. "[T]he im­
practicability of [this] collection from the multitude of
individual purchasers is obvious." National Geographic
Soc. v. California Bd. of Equalization, 
(1977). And consumer compliance rates are notoriously
low. See, e.g., GAO, Report to Congressional Requesters:
Sales Taxes, States Could Gain Revenue from Expanded
Authority, but Businesses Are Likely to Experience Com­
pliance Costs 5 (GAO -- 18 -- 114, Nov. 2017) (Sales Taxes
Report); California State Bd. of Equalization, Revenue
Estimate: Electronic Commerce and Mail Order Sales 7
(2013) (Table 3) (estimating a 4 percent collection rate). It
is estimated that Bellas Hess and Quill cause the States to
lose between $8 and $33 billion every year. See Sales
Taxes Report, at 11 -- 12 (estimating $8 to $13 billion); Brief
for Petitioner 34 -- 35. In South Dakota alone, the Department of Reve­
nue estimates revenue loss at $48 to $58 million annually.
App. 24. Particularly because South Dakota has no state
income tax, it must put substantial reliance on its sales
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

and use taxes for the revenue necessary to fund essential
services. Those taxes account for over 60 percent of its
general fund.
In 2016, South Dakota confronted the serious inequity
Quill imposes by enacting S. 106 -- "An Act to provide for
the collection of sales taxes from certain remote sellers, to
establish certain Legislative findings, and to declare an
emergency." S. 106, 2016 Leg. Assembly, 91st Sess. (S. D.
2016) (S. B. 106). The legislature found that the inability
to collect sales tax from remote sellers was "seriously
eroding the sales tax base" and "causing revenue losses
and imminent harm... through the loss of critical fund­
ing for state and local services.". The legislature
also declared an emergency: "Whereas, this Act is neces­
sary for the support of the state government and its exist­
ing public institutions, an emergency is hereby declared to
exist.". Fearing further erosion of the tax base,
the legislature expressed its intention to "apply South
Dakota's sales and use tax obligations to the limit of
federal and state constitutional doctrines" and noted the
urgent need for this Court to reconsider its precedents., (8).
To that end, the Act requires out-of-state sellers to
collect and remit sales tax "as if the seller had a physical
presence in the state.". The Act applies only to sellers
that, on an annual basis, deliver more than $100,000 of
goods or services into the State or engage in 200 or more
separate transactions for the delivery of goods or services
into the State. Ibid. The Act also forecloses the retroac­
tive application of this requirement and provides means
for the Act to be appropriately stayed until the constitu­
tionality of the law has been clearly established., 3,
8(10).
Respondents Wayfair, Inc., Overstock.com, Inc., and
Newegg, Inc., are merchants with no employees or real
estate in South Dakota. Wayfair, Inc., is a leading online
4 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

Opinion of the Court

retailer of home goods and furniture and had net revenues
of over $4.7 billion last year. Overstock.com, Inc., is one of
the top online retailers in the United States, selling a wide
variety of products from home goods and furniture to
clothing and jewelry; and it had net revenues of over $1.7
billion last year. Newegg, Inc., is a major online retailer of
consumer electronics in the United States. Each of these
three companies ships its goods directly to purchasers
throughout the United States, including South Dakota.
Each easily meets the minimum sales or transactions
requirement of the Act, but none collects South Dakota
sales tax. 2017 S. D. 56, ¶¶ 10 -- 11, 901 N. W. 2d 754, 759 -- 
760.
Pursuant to the Act's provisions for expeditious judicial
review, South Dakota filed a declaratory judgment action
against respondents in state court, seeking a declaration
that the requirements of the Act are valid and applicable
to respondents and an injunction requiring respondents to
register for licenses to collect and remit sales tax. App. 11,
30. Respondents moved for summary judgment, arguing
that the Act is unconstitutional. 901 N. W. 2d, at 759 -- 
760. South Dakota conceded that the Act cannot survive
under Bellas Hess and Quill but asserted the importance,
indeed the necessity, of asking this Court to review those
earlier decisions in light of current economic realities. 901
N. W. 2d, at 760; see also S. B. 106,. The trial court
granted summary judgment to respondents. App. to Pet.
for Cert. 17a.
The South Dakota Supreme Court affirmed. It stated:
"However persuasive the State's arguments on the merits
of revisiting the issue, Quill has not been overruled [and]
remains the controlling precedent on the issue of Com­
merce Clause limitations on interstate collection of sales
and use taxes." 901 N. W. 2d, at 761. This Court granted
certiorari. 583 U. S. ___ (2018).
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

II
The Constitution grants Congress the power "[t]o regu­
late Commerce... among the several States." Art. I, cl. 3. The Commerce Clause "reflect[s] a central concern of
the Framers that was an immediate reason for calling the
Constitutional Convention: the conviction that in order to
succeed, the new Union would have to avoid the tenden­
cies toward economic Balkanization that had plagued
relations among the Colonies and later among the States
under the Articles of Confederation." Hughes v. Oklaho-
ma, -- 326 (1979). Although the Com­
merce Clause is written as an affirmative grant of authority
to Congress, this Court has long held that in some
instances it imposes limitations on the States absent
congressional action. Of course, when Congress exercises
its power to regulate commerce by enacting legislation, the
legislation controls. Southern Pacific Co. v. Arizona ex rel.
Sullivan, (1945). But this Court has
observed that "in general Congress has left it to the courts
to formulate the rules" to preserve "the free flow of inter­
state commerce." Id., at 770.
To understand the issue presented in this case, it is
instructive first to survey the general development of this
Court's Commerce Clause principles and then to review
the application of those principles to state taxes.
A
From early in its history, a central function of this Court
has been to adjudicate disputes that require interpretation
of the Commerce Clause in order to determine its mean­
ing, its reach, and the extent to which it limits state regu­
lations of commerce. Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 1 (1824),
began setting the course by defining the meaning of com­
merce. Chief Justice Marshall explained that commerce
included both "the interchange of commodities" and "com­
mercial intercourse." Id., at 189, 193. A concurring opin­
6 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

Opinion of the Court

ion further stated that Congress had the exclusive power
to regulate commerce. See id., at 236 (opinion of Johnson,
J.). Had that latter submission prevailed and States been
denied the power of concurrent regulation, history might
have seen sweeping federal regulations at an early date
that foreclosed the States from experimentation with laws
and policies of their own, or, on the other hand, proposals
to reexamine Gibbons' broad definition of commerce to
accommodate the necessity of allowing States the power to
enact laws to implement the political will of their people.
Just five years after Gibbons, however, in another opin­
ion by Chief Justice Marshall, the Court sustained what in
substance was a state regulation of interstate commerce.
In Willson v. Black Bird Creek Marsh Co., 2 Pet. 245
(1829), the Court allowed a State to dam and bank a
stream that was part of an interstate water system, an
action that likely would have been an impermissible in­
trusion on the national power over commerce had it been
the rule that only Congress could regulate in that sphere.
See id., at 252. Thus, by implication at least, the Court
indicated that the power to regulate commerce in some
circumstances was held by the States and Congress con­
currently. And so both a broad interpretation of interstate
commerce and the concurrent regulatory power of the
States can be traced to Gibbons and Willson.
Over the next few decades, the Court refined the doc­
trine to accommodate the necessary balance between state
and federal power. In Cooley v. Board of Wardens of Port
of Philadelphia ex rel. Soc. for Relief of Distressed Pilots,
12 How. 299 (1852), the Court addressed local laws regu­
lating river pilots who operated in interstate waters and
guided many ships on interstate or foreign voyages. The
Court held that, while Congress surely could regulate on
this subject had it chosen to act, the State, too, could
regulate. The Court distinguished between those subjects
that by their nature "imperatively deman[d] a single
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

uniform rule, operating equally on the commerce of the
United States," and those that "deman[d] th[e] diversity,
which alone can meet... local necessities." Id., at 319.
Though considerable uncertainties were yet to be over­
come, these precedents still laid the groundwork for the
analytical framework that now prevails for Commerce
Clause cases.
This Court's doctrine has developed further with time.
Modern precedents rest upon two primary principles that
mark the boundaries of a State's authority to regulate
interstate commerce. First, state regulations may not
discriminate against interstate commerce; and second,
States may not impose undue burdens on interstate com­
merce. State laws that discriminate against interstate
commerce face "a virtually per se rule of invalidity."
Granholm v. Heald, (2005). State laws that "regulat[e]
even-handedly to effectuate a legitimate local public inter­
est... will be upheld unless the burden imposed on such
commerce is clearly excessive in relation to the putative
local benefits." Pike v. Bruce Church, Inc., (1970); see also Southern Pacific, supra, at 779. Al-
though subject to exceptions and variations, see, e.g.,
Hughes v. Alexandria Scrap Corp., (1976);
Brown-Forman Distillers Corp. v. New York State Liquor
Authority, (1986), these two principles guide
the courts in adjudicating cases challenging state laws
under the Commerce Clause.
B
These principles also animate the Court's Commerce
Clause precedents addressing the validity of state taxes.
The Court explained the now-accepted framework for state
taxation in Complete Auto Transit, Inc. v. Brady, (1977). The Court held that a State "may tax exclu­
sively interstate commerce so long as the tax does not
8 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

Opinion of the Court

create any effect forbidden by the Commerce Clause." Id.,
at 285. After all, "interstate commerce may be required to
pay its fair share of state taxes." D. H. Holmes Co. v.
McNamara, (1988). The Court will sus­
tain a tax so long as it (1) applies to an activity with a
substantial nexus with the taxing State, (2) is fairly ap­
portioned, (3) does not discriminate against interstate
commerce, and (4) is fairly related to the services the State
provides. See Complete Auto, supra, at 279.
Before Complete Auto, the Court had addressed a chal­
lenge to an Illinois tax that required out-of-state retailers
to collect and remit taxes on sales made to consumers who
purchased goods for use within Illinois. Bellas Hess, 386
U. S., at 754 -- 755. The Court held that a mail-order com­
pany "whose only connection with customers in the State
is by common carrier or the United States mail" lacked the
requisite minimum contacts with the State required by
both the Due Process Clause and the Commerce Clause.
Id., at 758. Unless the retailer maintained a physical
presence such as "retail outlets, solicitors, or property
within a State," the State lacked the power to require that
retailer to collect a local use tax. Ibid. The dissent dis-
agreed: "There should be no doubt that this large-scale,
systematic, continuous solicitation and exploitation of the
Illinois consumer market is a sufficient 'nexus' to require
Bellas Hess to collect from Illinois customers and to remit
the use tax." Id., at 761 -- 762 (opinion of Fortas, J., joined
by Black and Douglas, JJ.).
In 1992, the Court reexamined the physical presence
rule in Quill. That case presented a challenge to North
Dakota's "attempt to require an out-of-state mail-order
house that has neither outlets nor sales representatives in
the State to collect and pay a use tax on goods purchased
for use within the State." 504 U. S., at 301. Despite the
fact that Bellas Hess linked due process and the Com­
merce Clause together, the Court in Quill overruled the
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

due process holding, but not the Commerce Clause hold­
ing; and it thus reaffirmed the physical presence rule. 504
U. S., at 307 -- 308, 317 -- 318.
The Court in Quill recognized that intervening prece­
dents, specifically Complete Auto, "might not dictate the
same result were the issue to arise for the first time to­
day." 504 U. S., at 311. But, nevertheless, the Quill
majority concluded that the physical presence rule was
necessary to prevent undue burdens on interstate com­
merce. Id., at 313, and. It grounded the physical
presence rule in Complete Auto's requirement that a tax
have a " 'substantial nexus' " with the activity being taxed.
504 U. S., at 311.
Three Justices based their decision to uphold the physi­
cal presence rule on stare decisis alone. Id., at 320 (Scalia,
J., joined by KENNEDY and THOMAS, JJ., concurring in
part and concurring in judgment). Dissenting in relevant
part, Justice White argued that "there is no relationship
between the physical-presence/nexus rule the Court re­
tains and Commerce Clause considerations that allegedly
justify it." Id., at 327 (opinion concurring in part and
dissenting in part).
III
The physical presence rule has "been the target of criti­
cism over many years from many quarters." Direct Mar-
keting Assn. v. Brohl, 814 F. 3d 1129, 1148, 1150 -- 1151
(CA10 2016) (Gorsuch, J., concurring). Quill, it has been
said, was "premised on assumptions that are unfounded"
and "riddled with internal inconsistencies." Rothfeld,
Quill: Confusing the Commerce Clause, 56 Tax Notes 487,
488 (1992). Quill created an inefficient "online sales tax
loophole" that gives out-of-state businesses an advantage.
A. Laffer & D. Arduin, Pro-Growth Tax Reform and E-
Fairness 1, 4 (July 2013). And "while nexus rules are
clearly necessary," the Court "should focus on rules that
10 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

Opinion of the Court

are appropriate to the twenty-first century, not the nine­
teenth." Hellerstein, Deconstructing the Debate Over
State Taxation of Electronic Commerce, 13 Harv. J. L. &
Tech. 549, 553 (2000). Each year, the physical presence
rule becomes further removed from economic reality and
results in significant revenue losses to the States. These
critiques underscore that the physical presence rule, both
as first formulated and as applied today, is an incorrect
interpretation of the Commerce Clause.
A
Quill is flawed on its own terms. First, the physical
presence rule is not a necessary interpretation of the
requirement that a state tax must be "applied to an activ­
ity with a substantial nexus with the taxing State." Com-
plete Auto, 430 U. S., at 279. Second, Quill creates rather
than resolves market distortions. And third, Quill im-
poses the sort of arbitrary, formalistic distinction that the
Court's modern Commerce Clause precedents disavow.
1
All agree that South Dakota has the authority to tax
these transactions. S. B. 106 applies to sales of "tangible
personal property, products transferred electronically, or
services for delivery into South Dakota.". "It has long been settled" that the sale of goods or
services "has a sufficient nexus to the State in which the
sale is consummated to be treated as a local transaction
taxable by that State." Oklahoma Tax Comm'n v. Jeffer-
son Lines, Inc., (1995); see also 2 C.
Trost & P. Hartman, Federal Limitations on State and
Local Taxation 2d :1, p. 471 (2003) ("Generally speak­
ing, a sale is attributable to its destination").
The central dispute is whether South Dakota may re­
quire remote sellers to collect and remit the tax without
some additional connection to the State. The Court has
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of the Court

previously stated that "[t]he imposition on the seller of the
duty to insure collection of the tax from the purchaser does
not violate the [C]ommerce [C]lause." McGoldrick v.
Berwind-White Coal Mining Co., (1940). It is a " 'familiar and sanctioned device.' " Scripto,
Inc. v. Carson, (1960). There just must
be "a substantial nexus with the taxing State." Complete
Auto, supra, at 279.
This nexus requirement is "closely related," Bellas Hess,
386 U. S., at 756, to the due process requirement that
there be "some definite link, some minimum connection,
between a state and the person, property or transaction it
seeks to tax," Miller Brothers Co. v. Maryland, -- 345 (1954). It is settled law that a business need
not have a physical presence in a State to satisfy the
demands of due process. Burger King Corp. v. Rudzewicz,
(1985). Although physical presence
" 'frequently will enhance' " a business' connection with a
State, " 'it is an inescapable fact of modern commercial life
that a substantial amount of business is transacted...
[with no] need for physical presence within a State in
which business is conducted.' " Quill, 504 U. S., at 308.
Quill itself recognized that "[t]he requirements of due
process are met irrespective of a corporation's lack of
physical presence in the taxing State." Ibid.
When considering whether a State may levy a tax, Due
Process and Commerce Clause standards may not be
identical or coterminous, but there are significant paral­
lels. The reasons given in Quill for rejecting the physical
presence rule for due process purposes apply as well to the
question whether physical presence is a requisite for an
out-of-state seller's liability to remit sales taxes. Physical
presence is not necessary to create a substantial nexus.
The Quill majority expressed concern that without the
physical presence rule "a state tax might unduly burden
interstate commerce" by subjecting retailers to tax­
12 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

Opinion of the Court

collection obligations in thousands of different taxing
jurisdictions. Id., at 313,. But the administrative
costs of compliance, especially in the modern economy
with its Internet technology, are largely unrelated to
whether a company happens to have a physical presence
in a State. For example, a business with one salesperson
in each State must collect sales taxes in every jurisdiction
in which goods are delivered; but a business with 500
salespersons in one central location and a website accessi­
ble in every State need not collect sales taxes on otherwise
identical nationwide sales. In other words, under Quill, a
small company with diverse physical presence might be
equally or more burdened by compliance costs than a large
remote seller. The physical presence rule is a poor proxy
for the compliance costs faced by companies that do busi­
ness in multiple States. Other aspects of the Court's
doctrine can better and more accurately address any
potential burdens on interstate commerce, whether or not
Quill's physical presence rule is satisfied.
2
The Court has consistently explained that the Com­
merce Clause was designed to prevent States from engag­
ing in economic discrimination so they would not divide
into isolated, separable units. See Philadelphia v. New
Jersey, (1978). But it is "not the pur­
pose of the [C]ommerce [C]lause to relieve those engaged
in interstate commerce from their just share of state tax
burden." Complete Auto, supra, at 288. And it is certainly not the purpose of the
Commerce Clause to permit the Judiciary to create market
distortions. "If the Commerce Clause was intended to put
businesses on an even playing field, the [physical pres­
ence] rule is hardly a way to achieve that goal." Quill,
supra, at 329 (opinion of White, J.).
Quill puts both local businesses and many interstate
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of the Court

businesses with physical presence at a competitive disad­
vantage relative to remote sellers. Remote sellers can
avoid the regulatory burdens of tax collection and can offer
de facto lower prices caused by the widespread failure of
consumers to pay the tax on their own. This "guarantees a
competitive benefit to certain firms simply because of the
organizational form they choose" while the rest of the
Court's jurisprudence "is all about preventing discrimina­
tion between firms." Direct Marketing, 814 F. 3d, at 1150 -- 
1151 (Gorsuch, J., concurring). In effect, Quill has come to
serve as a judicially created tax shelter for businesses that
decide to limit their physical presence and still sell their
goods and services to a State's consumers -- something that
has become easier and more prevalent as technology has
advanced.
Worse still, the rule produces an incentive to avoid
physical presence in multiple States. Distortions caused
by the desire of businesses to avoid tax collection mean
that the market may currently lack storefronts, distribu­
tion points, and employment centers that otherwise would
be efficient or desirable. The Commerce Clause must not
prefer interstate commerce only to the point where a
merchant physically crosses state borders. Rejecting the
physical presence rule is necessary to ensure that artificial
competitive advantages are not created by this Court's
precedents. This Court should not prevent States from
collecting lawful taxes through a physical presence rule
that can be satisfied only if there is an employee or a
building in the State.
3
The Court's Commerce Clause jurisprudence has "es­
chewed formalism for a sensitive, case-by-case analysis of
purposes and effects." West Lynn Creamery, Inc. v. Healy,
(1994). Quill, in contrast, treats eco­
nomically identical actors differently, and for arbitrary
14 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

Opinion of the Court

reasons.
Consider, for example, two businesses that sell furniture
online. The first stocks a few items of inventory in a small
warehouse in North Sioux City, South Dakota. The sec­
ond uses a major warehouse just across the border in
South Sioux City, Nebraska, and maintains a sophisticated
website with a virtual showroom accessible in every State,
including South Dakota. By reason of its physical pres­
ence, the first business must collect and remit a tax on all
of its sales to customers from South Dakota, even those
sales that have nothing to do with the warehouse. See
National Geographic, 430 U. S., at 561; Scripto, Inc., 362
U. S., at 211 -- 212. But, under Quill, the second, hypothet­
ical seller cannot be subject to the same tax for the sales of
the same items made through a pervasive Internet pres­
ence. This distinction simply makes no sense. So long as
a state law avoids "any effect forbidden by the Commerce
Clause," Complete Auto, 430 U. S., at 285, courts should
not rely on anachronistic formalisms to invalidate it. The
basic principles of the Court's Commerce Clause jurispru­
dence are grounded in functional, marketplace dynamics;
and States can and should consider those realities in
enacting and enforcing their tax laws.
B
The Quill Court itself acknowledged that the physical
presence rule is "artificial at its edges." 504 U. S., at 315.
That was an understatement when Quill was decided; and
when the day-to-day functions of marketing and distribu­
tion in the modern economy are considered, it is all the
more evident that the physical presence rule is artificial in
its entirety.
Modern e-commerce does not align analytically with a
test that relies on the sort of physical presence defined in
Quill. In a footnote, Quill rejected the argument that
"title to 'a few floppy diskettes' present in a State" was
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 15

Opinion of the Court

sufficient to constitute a "substantial nexus," id., at 315,. But it is not clear why a single employee or a single
warehouse should create a substantial nexus while "physi­
cal" aspects of pervasive modern technology should not.
For example, a company with a website accessible in
South Dakota may be said to have a physical presence in
the State via the customers' computers. A website may
leave cookies saved to the customers' hard drives, or cus­
tomers may download the company's app onto their
phones. Or a company may lease data storage that is per­
manently, or even occasionally, located in South Dakota.
Cf. United States v. Microsoft Corp., 584 U. S. ___ (2018)
(per curiam). What may have seemed like a "clear,"
"bright-line tes[t]" when Quill was written now threatens
to compound the arbitrary consequences that should have
been apparent from the outset. 504 U. S., at 315.
The "dramatic technological and social changes" of our
"increasingly interconnected economy" mean that buyers
are "closer to most major retailers" than ever before -- 
"regardless of how close or far the nearest storefront."
Direct Marketing Assn. v. Brohl, 575 U. S. ___, ___, ___
(2015) (KENNEDY, J., concurring) (, 3). Be­
tween targeted advertising and instant access to most
consumers via any internet-enabled device, "a business
may be present in a State in a meaningful way without"
that presence "being physical in the traditional sense of
the term." Id., at ___. A virtual showroom
can show far more inventory, in far more detail, and with
greater opportunities for consumer and seller interaction
than might be possible for local stores. Yet the continuous
and pervasive virtual presence of retailers today is, under
Quill, simply irrelevant. This Court should not maintain
a rule that ignores these substantial virtual connections to
the State.
16 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

Opinion of the Court 

C

The physical presence rule as defined and enforced in
Bellas Hess and Quill is not just a technical legal prob­
lem -- it is an extraordinary imposition by the Judiciary on
States' authority to collect taxes and perform critical
public functions. Forty-one States, two Territories, and
the District of Columbia now ask this Court to reject the
test formulated in Quill. See Brief for Colorado et al. as
Amici Curiae. Quill's physical presence rule intrudes on
States' reasonable choices in enacting their tax systems.
And that it allows remote sellers to escape an obligation to
remit a lawful state tax is unfair and unjust. It is unfair
and unjust to those competitors, both local and out of
State, who must remit the tax; to the consumers who pay
the tax; and to the States that seek fair enforcement of the
sales tax, a tax many States for many years have consid­
ered an indispensable source for raising revenue.
In essence, respondents ask this Court to retain a rule
that allows their customers to escape payment of sales
taxes -- taxes that are essential to create and secure the
active market they supply with goods and services. An
example may suffice. Wayfair offers to sell a vast selection
of furnishings. Its advertising seeks to create an image of
beautiful, peaceful homes, but it also says that " '[o]ne of
the best things about buying through Wayfair is that we
do not have to charge sales tax.' " Brief for Petitioner 55.
What Wayfair ignores in its subtle offer to assist in tax
evasion is that creating a dream home assumes solvent
state and local governments. State taxes fund the police
and fire departments that protect the homes containing
their customers' furniture and ensure goods are safely
delivered; maintain the public roads and municipal ser­
vices that allow communication with and access to cus­
tomers; support the "sound local banking institutions to
support credit transactions [and] courts to ensure collec­
tion of the purchase price," Quill, 504 U. S., at 328 (opin­
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 17

Opinion of the Court

ion of White, J.); and help create the "climate of consumer
confidence" that facilitates sales, see ibid. According to
respondents, it is unfair to stymie their tax-free solicita­
tion of customers. But there is nothing unfair about re­
quiring companies that avail themselves of the States'
benefits to bear an equal share of the burden of tax collec­
tion. Fairness dictates quite the opposite result. Helping
respondents' customers evade a lawful tax unfairly shifts
to those consumers who buy from their competitors with a
physical presence that satisfies Quill -- even one ware­
house or one salesperson -- an increased share of the taxes.
It is essential to public confidence in the tax system that
the Court avoid creating inequitable exceptions. This is
also essential to the confidence placed in this Court's
Commerce Clause decisions. Yet the physical presence
rule undermines that necessary confidence by giving some
online retailers an arbitrary advantage over their competi­
tors who collect state sales taxes.
In the name of federalism and free markets, Quill does
harm to both. The physical presence rule it defines has
limited States' ability to seek long-term prosperity and has
prevented market participants from competing on an even
playing field.
IV
"Although we approach the reconsideration of our deci­
sions with the utmost caution, stare decisis is not an inex­
orable command." Pearson v. Callahan, 
(2009) ; alterations and internal quotation marks omitted).
Here, stare decisis can no longer support the Court's prohi­
bition of a valid exercise of the States' sovereign power.
If it becomes apparent that the Court's Commerce
Clause decisions prohibit the States from exercising their
lawful sovereign powers in our federal system, the Court
should be vigilant in correcting the error. While it can be
18 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

Opinion of the Court

conceded that Congress has the authority to change the
physical presence rule, Congress cannot change the consti­
tutional default rule. It is inconsistent with the Court's
proper role to ask Congress to address a false constitu­
tional premise of this Court's own creation. Courts have
acted as the front line of review in this limited sphere; and
hence it is important that their principles be accurate and
logical, whether or not Congress can or will act in re­
sponse. It is currently the Court, and not Congress, that
is limiting the lawful prerogatives of the States.
Further, the real world implementation of Commerce
Clause doctrines now makes it manifest that the physical
presence rule as defined by Quill must give way to the
"far-reaching systemic and structural changes in the
economy" and "many other societal dimensions" caused by
the Cyber Age. Direct Marketing, 575 U. S., at ___
(KENNEDY, J., concurring). Though Quill
was wrong on its own terms when it was decided in 1992,
since then the Internet revolution has made its earlier
error all the more egregious and harmful.
The Quill Court did not have before it the present reali­
ties of the interstate marketplace. In 1992, less than 2
percent of Americans had Internet access. See Brief for
Retail Litigation Center, Inc., et al. as Amici Curiae 11,
and. Today that number is about 89 percent. Ibid.,
and. When it decided Quill, the Court could not have
envisioned a world in which the world's largest retailer
would be a remote seller, S. Li, Amazon Overtakes Wal-Mart
as Biggest Retailer, L. A. Times, July 24, 2015, http://www.
latimes.com/business/la-fi-amazon-walmart-20150724­
story.html (all Internet materials as last visited June 18,
2018).
The Internet's prevalence and power have changed the
dynamics of the national economy. In 1992, mail-order
sales in the United States totaled $180 billion. 504 U. S.,
at 329 (opinion of White, J.). Last year, e-commerce retail
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 19

Opinion of the Court

sales alone were estimated at $453.5 billion. Dept. of
Commerce, U. S. Census Bureau News, Quarterly Retail
E-Commerce Sales: 4th Quarter 2017 (CB18 -- 21, Feb. 16,
2018). Combined with traditional remote sellers, the total
exceeds half a trillion dollars. Sales Taxes Report, at 9.
Since the Department of Commerce first began tracking e-
commerce sales, those sales have increased tenfold from
0.8 percent to 8.9 percent of total retail sales in the United
States. Compare Dept. of Commerce, U. S. Census Bu­
reau, Retail E-Commerce Sales in Fourth Quarter 2000
(CB01 -- 28, Feb. 16, 2001), https://www.census.gov/mrts/
www/data/pdf/00Q4.pdf, with U. S. Census Bureau News,
Quarterly Retail E-Commerce Sales: 4th Quarter 2017.
And it is likely that this percentage will increase. Last
year, e-commerce grew at four times the rate of traditional
retail, and it shows no sign of any slower pace. See ibid.
This expansion has also increased the revenue shortfall
faced by States seeking to collect their sales and use taxes.
In 1992, it was estimated that the States were losing
between $694 million and $3 billion per year in sales tax
revenues as a result of the physical presence rule. Brief
for Law Professors et al. as Amici Curiae 11,. Now
estimates range from $8 to $33 billion. Sales Taxes Re­
port, at 11 -- 12; Brief for Petitioner 34 -- 35. The South
Dakota Legislature has declared an emergency, S. B. 106, which again demonstrates urgency of overturning the
physical presence rule.
The argument, moreover, that the physical presence
rule is clear and easy to apply is unsound. Attempts to
apply the physical presence rule to online retail sales are
proving unworkable. States are already confronting the
complexities of defining physical presence in the Cyber
Age. For example, Massachusetts proposed a regulation
that would have defined physical presence to include
making apps available to be downloaded by in-state resi­
dents and placing cookies on in-state residents' web
20 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

Opinion of the Court

browsers. See 830 Code Mass. Regs. 64H.1.7 (2017). Ohio
recently adopted a similar standard. See Ohio Rev. Code
Ann..01(I)(2)(i) (Lexis Supp. 2018). Some States
have enacted so-called "click through" nexus statutes,
which define nexus to include out-of-state sellers that
contract with in-state residents who refer customers for
compensation. See e.g., N. Y. Tax Law Ann.
(8)(vi) (West 2017); Brief for Tax Foundation as
Amicus Curiae 20 -- 22 (listing 21 States with similar stat­
utes). Others still, like Colorado, have imposed notice and
reporting requirements on out-of-state retailers that fall
just short of actually collecting and remitting the tax. See
Direct Marketing, 814 F. 3d, at 1133 (discussing Colo. Rev.
Stat. -- 21 -- 112(3.5)); Brief for Tax Foundation 24 -- 26
(listing nine States with similar statutes). Statutes of this
sort are likely to embroil courts in technical and arbitrary
disputes about what counts as physical presence.
Reliance interests are a legitimate consideration when
the Court weighs adherence to an earlier but flawed prec­
edent. See Kimble v. Marvel Entertainment, LLC, 576
U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2015) ( -- 10). But even on
its own terms, the physical presence rule as defined by
Quill is no longer a clear or easily applicable standard, so
arguments for reliance based on its clarity are misplaced.
And, importantly, stare decisis accommodates only "legit­
imate reliance interest[s]." United States v. Ross, (1982). Here, the tax distortion created by
Quill exists in large part because consumers regularly fail
to comply with lawful use taxes. Some remote retailers go
so far as to advertise sales as tax free. See S. B. 106,
; see also Brief for Petitioner 55. A business "is in no
position to found a constitutional right on the practical
opportunities for tax avoidance." Nelson v. Sears, Roebuck
& Co., (1941).
Respondents argue that "the physical presence rule has
permitted start-ups and small businesses to use the Inter­
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 21

Opinion of the Court

net as a means to grow their companies and access a
national market, without exposing them to the daunting
complexity and business-development obstacles of nation­
wide sales tax collection." Brief for Respondents 29.
These burdens may pose legitimate concerns in some
instances, particularly for small businesses that make a
small volume of sales to customers in many States. State
taxes differ, not only in the rate imposed but also in the
categories of goods that are taxed and, sometimes, the
relevant date of purchase. Eventually, software that is
available at a reasonable cost may make it easier for small
businesses to cope with these problems. Indeed, as the
physical presence rule no longer controls, those systems
may well become available in a short period of time, either
from private providers or from state taxing agencies them­
selves. And in all events, Congress may legislate to ad­
dress these problems if it deems it necessary and fit to
do so.
In this case, however, South Dakota affords small mer­
chants a reasonable degree of protection. The law at issue
requires a merchant to collect the tax only if it does a
considerable amount of business in the State; the law is
not retroactive; and South Dakota is a party to the
Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agreement, see infra
at 23.
Finally, other aspects of the Court's Commerce Clause
doctrine can protect against any undue burden on inter­
state commerce, taking into consideration the small busi­
nesses, startups, or others who engage in commerce across
state lines. For example, the United States argues that
tax-collection requirements should be analyzed under the
balancing framework of Pike v. Bruce Church, Inc.,. Others have argued that retroactive liability
risks a double tax burden in violation of the Court's appor­
tionment jurisprudence because it would make both the
buyer and the seller legally liable for collecting and remit­
22 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

Opinion of the Court

ting the tax on a transaction intended to be taxed only
once. See Brief for Law Professors et al. as Amici Curiae
7,. Complex state tax systems could have the effect of
discriminating against interstate commerce. Concerns
that complex state tax systems could be a burden on small
business are answered in part by noting that, as discussed
below, there are various plans already in place to simplify
collection; and since in-state businesses pay the taxes as
well, the risk of discrimination against out-of-state sellers
is avoided. And, if some small businesses with only de
minimis contacts seek relief from collection systems
thought to be a burden, those entities may still do so
under other theories. These issues are not before the
Court in the instant case; but their potential to arise in
some later case cannot justify retaining this artificial,
anachronistic rule that deprives States of vast revenues
from major businesses.
For these reasons, the Court concludes that the physical
presence rule of Quill is unsound and incorrect. The
Court's decisions in Quill Corp. v. North Dakota, (1992), and National Bellas Hess, Inc. v. Department
of Revenue of Ill., (1967), should be, and now
are, overruled.
V
In the absence of Quill and Bellas Hess, the first prong
of the Complete Auto test simply asks whether the tax
applies to an activity with a substantial nexus with the
taxing State. 430 U. S., at 279. "[S]uch a nexus is estab­
lished when the taxpayer [or collector] 'avails itself of the
substantial privilege of carrying on business' in that juris­
diction." Polar Tankers, Inc. v. City of Valdez, (2009).
Here, the nexus is clearly sufficient based on both the
economic and virtual contacts respondents have with the
State. The Act applies only to sellers that deliver more
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 23

Opinion of the Court

than $100,000 of goods or services into South Dakota or
engage in 200 or more separate transactions for the deliv­
ery of goods and services into the State on an annual
basis. S. B. 106,. This quantity of business could not
have occurred unless the seller availed itself of the sub­
stantial privilege of carrying on business in South Dakota.
And respondents are large, national companies that un­
doubtedly maintain an extensive virtual presence. Thus,
the substantial nexus requirement of Complete Auto is
satisfied in this case.
The question remains whether some other principle in
the Court's Commerce Clause doctrine might invalidate
the Act. Because the Quill physical presence rule was an
obvious barrier to the Act's validity, these issues have not
yet been litigated or briefed, and so the Court need not
resolve them here. That said, South Dakota's tax system
includes several features that appear designed to prevent
discrimination against or undue burdens upon interstate
commerce. First, the Act applies a safe harbor to those
who transact only limited business in South Dakota.
Second, the Act ensures that no obligation to remit the
sales tax may be applied retroactively. S. B. 106,.
Third, South Dakota is one of more than 20 States that
have adopted the Streamlined Sales and Use Tax Agree­
ment. This system standardizes taxes to reduce adminis­
trative and compliance costs: It requires a single, state
level tax administration, uniform definitions of products
and services, simplified tax rate structures, and other
uniform rules. It also provides sellers access to sales tax
administration software paid for by the State. Sellers who
choose to use such software are immune from audit liabil­
ity. See App. 26 -- 27. Any remaining claims regarding the
application of the Commerce Clause in the absence of
Quill and Bellas Hess may be addressed in the first in­
stance on remand.
The judgment of the Supreme Court of South Dakota is
24 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

Opinion of the Court

vacated, and the case is remanded for further proceedings
not inconsistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 494
_________________

SOUTH DAKOTA, PETITIONER v. WAYFAIR, INC., 

ET AL. 

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME COURT OF

SOUTH DAKOTA

[June 21, 2018] 

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring.
Justice Byron White joined the majority opinion in
National Bellas Hess, Inc. v. Department of Revenue of Ill.,
(1967). Twenty-five years later, we had the
opportunity to overrule Bellas Hess in Quill Corp. v. North
Dakota, (1992). Only Justice White voted to
do so. See id., at 322 (opinion concurring in part and
dissenting in part). I should have joined his opinion.
Today, I am slightly further removed from Quill than
Justice White was from Bellas Hess. And like Justice
White, a quarter century of experience has convinced me
that Bellas Hess and Quill "can no longer be rationally
justified." 504 U. S., at 333. The same is true for this
Court's entire negative Commerce Clause jurisprudence.
See Comptroller of Treasury of Md. v. Wynne, 575 U. S.
___, ___ (2015) (THOMAS, J., dissenting).
Although I adhered to that jurisprudence in Quill, it is
never too late to "surrende[r] former views to a better
considered position." McGrath v. Kristensen, (1950) (Jackson, J., concurring). I therefore join
the Court's opinion.
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

GORSUCH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 494
_________________

SOUTH DAKOTA, PETITIONER v. WAYFAIR, INC., 

ET AL. 

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME COURT OF

SOUTH DAKOTA

[June 21, 2018 ] 

JUSTICE GORSUCH, concurring.
Our dormant commerce cases usually prevent States
from discriminating between in-state and out-of-state
firms. National Bellas Hess, Inc. v. Department of Reve-
nue of Ill., (1967), and Quill Corp. v. North
Dakota, (1992), do just the opposite. For
years they have enforced a judicially created tax break for
out-of-state Internet and mail-order firms at the expense
of in-state brick-and-mortar rivals. See ante, at 12 -- 13;
Direct Marketing Assn. v. Brohl, 814 F. 3d, 1129, 1150
(CA10 2016) (Gorsuch, J. concurring). As Justice White
recognized 26 years ago, judges have no authority to con-
struct a discriminatory "tax shelter" like this. Quill,
supra, at 329 (opinion concurring in part and dissenting in
part). The Court is right to correct the mistake and I am
pleased to join its opinion.
My agreement with the Court's discussion of the history
of our dormant commerce clause jurisprudence, however,
should not be mistaken for agreement with all aspects of
the doctrine. The Commerce Clause is found in Article I
and authorizes Congress to regulate interstate commerce.
Meanwhile our dormant commerce cases suggest Article
III courts may invalidate state laws that offend no con-
gressional statute. Whether and how much of this can be
squared with the text of the Commerce Clause, justified by
2 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

GORSUCH, J., concurring

stare decisis, or defended as misbranded products of feder-
alism or antidiscrimination imperatives flowing from
Article IV's Privileges and Immunities Clause are ques-
tions for another day. See Energy & Environment Legal
Inst. v. Epel, 793 F. 3d 1169, 1171 (CA10 2015); Comptrol-
ler of Treasury of Md. v. Wynne, 575 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___
(2015) (Scalia, J., dissenting) ( -- 3); Camps
Newfound/Owatonna, Inc. v. Town of Harrison, -- 620 (1997) (THOMAS, J., dissenting). Today we
put Bellas Hess and Quill to rest and rightly end the
paradox of condemning interstate discrimination in the
national economy while promoting it ourselves.
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 494
_________________

SOUTH DAKOTA, PETITIONER v. WAYFAIR, INC., 

ET AL. 

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME COURT OF

SOUTH DAKOTA

[June 21, 2018] 

CHIEF JUSTICE ROBERTS, with whom JUSTICE BREYER,
JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, and JUSTICE KAGAN join, dissenting.
In National Bellas Hess, Inc. v. Department of Revenue
of Ill., (1967), this Court held that, under the
dormant Commerce Clause, a State could not require
retailers without a physical presence in that State to
collect taxes on the sale of goods to its residents. A quar-
ter century later, in Quill Corp. v. North Dakota, (1992), this Court was invited to overrule Bellas Hess
but declined to do so. Another quarter century has passed,
and another State now asks us to abandon the physical-
presence rule. I would decline that invitation as well.
I agree that Bellas Hess was wrongly decided, for many
of the reasons given by the Court. The Court argues in
favor of overturning that decision because the "Internet's
prevalence and power have changed the dynamics of the
national economy." Ante, at 18. But that is the very
reason I oppose discarding the physical-presence rule. E-
commerce has grown into a significant and vibrant part of
our national economy against the backdrop of established
rules, including the physical-presence rule. Any alteration
to those rules with the potential to disrupt the develop-
ment of such a critical segment of the economy should be
undertaken by Congress. The Court should not act on this
important question of current economic policy, solely to
2 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

expiate a mistake it made over 50 years ago.
I
This Court "does not overturn its precedents lightly."
Michigan v. Bay Mills Indian Community, 572 U. S. ___,
___ (2014). Departing from the doctrine of
stare decisis is an "exceptional action" demanding "special
justification." Arizona v. Rumsey, 
(1984). The bar is even higher in fields in which Congress
"exercises primary authority" and can, if it wishes, over-
ride this Court's decisions with contrary legislation. Bay
Mills, 572 U. S., at ___ (tribal sovereign
immunity); see, e.g., Kimble v. Marvel Entertainment,
LLC, 576 U. S. ___, ___ (2015) (statutory
interpretation); Halliburton Co. v. Erica P. John Fund,
Inc., 573 U. S. ___, ___ (2014) (judicially
created doctrine implementing a judicially created cause of
action). In such cases, we have said that "the burden
borne by the party advocating the abandonment of an
established precedent" is "greater" than usual. Patterson
v. McLean Credit Union, (1989). That
is so "even where the error is a matter of serious concern,
provided correction can be had by legislation." Square D
Co. v. Niagara Frontier Tariff Bureau, Inc., (1986) (Brandeis, J., dissenting)).
We have applied this heightened form of stare decisis in
the dormant Commerce Clause context. Under our
dormant Commerce Clause precedents, when Congress
has not yet legislated on a matter of interstate commerce,
it is the province of "the courts to formulate the rules."
Southern Pacific Co. v. Arizona ex rel. Sullivan, (1945). But because Congress "has plenary power
to regulate commerce among the States," Quill, 504
U. S., at 305, it may at any time replace such judicial rules
with legislation of its own, see Prudential Ins. Co. v. Ben-
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

jamin, -- 425 (1946).
In Quill, this Court emphasized that the decision to hew
to the physical-presence rule on stare decisis grounds was
"made easier by the fact that the underlying issue is not
only one that Congress may be better qualified to resolve,
but also one that Congress has the ultimate power to
resolve." 504 U. S., at 318 (footnote omitted). Even as-
suming we had gone astray in Bellas Hess, the "very fact"
of Congress's superior authority in this realm "g[a]ve us
pause and counsel[ed] withholding our hand." Quill, 504
U. S., at 318 (alterations omitted). We postulated that
"the better part of both wisdom and valor [may be] to
respect the judgment of the other branches of the Gov-
ernment." Id., at 319; see id., at 320 (Scalia, J., concurring
in part and concurring in judgment) (recognizing that
stare decisis has "special force" in the dormant Commerce
Clause context due to Congress's "final say over regulation
of interstate commerce"). The Court thus left it to Con-
gress "to decide whether, when, and to what extent the
States may burden interstate mail-order concerns with a
duty to collect use taxes." Id., at 318 (majority opinion).
II
This is neither the first, nor the second, but the third
time this Court has been asked whether a State may
obligate sellers with no physical presence within its bor-
ders to collect tax on sales to residents. Whatever salience
the adage "third time's a charm" has in daily life, it is a
poor guide to Supreme Court decisionmaking. If stare
decisis applied with special force in Quill, it should be an
even greater impediment to overruling precedent now,
particularly since this Court in Quill "tossed [the ball] into
Congress's court, for acceptance or not as that branch
elects." Kimble, 576 U. S., at ___ ; see Quill,
504 U. S., at 318 ("Congress is now free to decide" the
circumstances in which "the States may burden interstate
4 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting... concerns with a duty to collect use taxes").
Congress has in fact been considering whether to alter
the rule established in Bellas Hess for some time. See
Addendum to Brief for Four United States Senators as
Amici Curiae 1 -- 4 (compiling efforts by Congress between
2001 and 2017 to pass legislation respecting interstate
sales tax collection); Brief for Rep. Bob Goodlatte et al. as
Amici Curiae 20 -- 23 (Goodlatte Brief) (same). Three bills
addressing the issue are currently pending. See Market-
place Fairness Act of 2017, S. 976, 115th Cong., 1st Sess.
(2017); Remote Transactions Parity Act of 2017, H. R.
2193, 115th Cong., 1st Sess. (2017); No Regulation With-
out Representation Act, H. R. 2887, 115th Cong., 1st Sess.
(2017). Nothing in today's decision precludes Congress
from continuing to seek a legislative solution. But by
suddenly changing the ground rules, the Court may have
waylaid Congress's consideration of the issue. Armed with
today's decision, state officials can be expected to redirect
their attention from working with Congress on a national
solution, to securing new tax revenue from remote retail-
ers. See, e.g., Brief for Sen. Ted Cruz et al. as Amici Curiae
10 -- 11 ("Overturning Quill would undo much of Con-
gress' work to find a workable national compromise under
the Commerce Clause.").
The Court proceeds with an inexplicable sense of urgency.
It asserts that the passage of time is only increasing
the need to take the extraordinary step of overruling
Bellas Hess and Quill: "Each year, the physical presence
rule becomes further removed from economic reality and
results in significant revenue losses to the States." Ante,
at 10. The factual predicates for that assertion include a
Government Accountability Office (GAO) estimate that,
under the physical-presence rule, States lose billions of
dollars annually in sales tax revenue. See ante, at 2, 19
5

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

thority, but Businesses Are Likely to Experience Compli-
ance Costs 5 (GAO -- 18 -- 114, Nov. 2017) (Sales Taxes Re-
port)). But evidence in the same GAO report indicates
that the pendulum is swinging in the opposite direction,
and has been for some time. States and local governments
are already able to collect approximately 80 percent of the
tax revenue that would be available if there were no phys-
ical-presence rule. See Sales Taxes Report 8. Among the
top 100 Internet retailers that rate is between 87 and 96
percent. See id., at 41. Some companies, including the
online behemoth Amazon,* now voluntarily collect and
remit sales tax in every State that assesses one -- even
those in which they have no physical presence. See id., at
10. To the extent the physical-presence rule is harming
States, the harm is apparently receding with time.
The Court rests its decision to overrule Bellas Hess on
the "present realities of the interstate marketplace." Ante,
at 18. As the Court puts it, allowing remote sellers to
escape remitting a lawful tax is "unfair and unjust." Ante,
at 16. "[U]nfair and unjust to... competitors... who
must remit the tax; to the consumers who pay the tax; and
to the States that seek fair enforcement of the sales tax."
Ante, at 16. But "the present realities of the interstate
marketplace" include the possibility that the marketplace
itself could be affected by abandoning the physical-
presence rule. The Court's focus on unfairness and injus-
tice does not appear to embrace consideration of that
current public policy concern.
The Court, for example, breezily disregards the costs
that its decision will impose on retailers. Correctly calcu-
lating and remitting sales taxes on all e-commerce sales

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* C. Isidore, Amazon To Start Collecting State Sales Taxes Every-
where (Mar. 29, 2017), CNN Tech, http://money.cnn.com/2017/03/29/
technology/amazon-sales-tax/index.html (all Internet materials as last
visited June 19, 2018).
6 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

will likely prove baffling for many retailers. Over 10,000
jurisdictions levy sales taxes, each with "different tax
rates, different rules governing tax-exempt goods and
services, different product category definitions, and differ-
ent standards for determining whether an out-of-state
seller has a substantial presence" in the jurisdiction.
Sales Taxes Report 3. A few examples: New Jersey knit-
ters pay sales tax on yarn purchased for art projects, but
not on yarn earmarked for sweaters. See Brief for eBay,
Inc., et al. as Amici Curiae 8, (eBay Brief ). Texas
taxes sales of plain deodorant at 6.25 percent but imposes
no tax on deodorant with antiperspirant. See id., at 7.
Illinois categorizes Twix and Snickers bars -- chocolate-
and-caramel confections usually displayed side-by-side in
the candy aisle -- as food and candy, respectively (Twix
have flour; Snickers don't), and taxes them differently.
See id., at 8; Brief for Etsy, Inc., as Amicus Curiae 14 -- 17
(Etsy Brief ) (providing additional illustrations).
The burden will fall disproportionately on small busi-
nesses. One vitalizing effect of the Internet has been
connecting small, even "micro" businesses to potential
buyers across the Nation. People starting a business
selling their embroidered pillowcases or carved decoys can
offer their wares throughout the country -- but probably
not if they have to figure out the tax due on every sale.
See Sales Taxes Report 22 (indicating that "costs will
likely increase the most for businesses that do not have
established legal teams, software systems, or outside
counsel to assist with compliance related questions"). And
the software said to facilitate compliance is still in its
infancy, and its capabilities and expense are subject to
debate. See Etsy Brief 17 -- 19 (describing the inadequacies
of such software); eBay Brief 8 -- 12 (same); Sales Taxes
Report 16 -- 20 (concluding that businesses will incur "high"
compliance costs). The Court's decision today will surely
have the effect of dampening opportunities for commerce
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

in a broad range of new markets.
A good reason to leave these matters to Congress is
that legislators may more directly consider the competing
interests at stake. Unlike this Court, Congress has the
flexibility to address these questions in a wide variety of
ways. As we have said in other dormant Commerce
Clause cases, Congress "has the capacity to investigate
and analyze facts beyond anything the Judiciary could
match." General Motors Corp. v. Tracy, 
(1997); see Department of Revenue of Ky. v. Davis, (2008).
Here, after investigation, Congress could reasonably
decide that current trends might sufficiently expand tax
revenues, obviating the need for an abrupt policy shift
with potentially adverse consequences for e-commerce. Or
Congress might decide that the benefits of allowing States
to secure additional tax revenue outweigh any foreseeable
harm to e-commerce. Or Congress might elect to accom-
modate these competing interests, by, for example, allow-
ing States to tax Internet sales by remote retailers only if
revenue from such sales exceeds some set amount per
year. See Goodlatte Brief 12 -- 14 (providing varied exam-
ples of how Congress could address sales tax collection).
In any event, Congress can focus directly on current policy
concerns rather than past legal mistakes. Congress can
also provide a nuanced answer to the troubling question
whether any change will have retroactive effect.
An erroneous decision from this Court may well
have been an unintended factor contributing to the
growth of e-commerce. See, e.g., W. Taylor, Who's Writing
the Book on Web Business? Fast Company (Oct. 31, 1996),
https: // www.fastcompany.com / 27309 / whos-writing-book-
web-business. The Court is of course correct that the
Nation's economy has changed dramatically since the time
that Bellas Hess and Quill roamed the earth. I fear the
Court today is compounding its past error by trying to fix
8 SOUTH DAKOTA v. WAYFAIR, INC.

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

it in a totally different era. The Constitution gives Con-
gress the power "[t]o regulate Commerce... among the
several States." Art. I,. I would let Congress decide
whether to depart from the physical-presence rule that
has governed this area for half a century.
I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case requires the Court to address the intersection
of principles that define when arrests are lawful and
principles that prohibit the government from retaliating
against a person for having exercised the right to free
speech. An arrest deprives a person of essential liberties,
but if there is probable cause to believe the person has
committed a criminal offense there is often no recourse for
the deprivation. See, e.g., Devenpeck v. Alford, (2004). At the same time, the First Amendment
prohibits government officials from retaliating against
individuals for engaging in protected speech. Crawford-El
v. Britton, (1998).
The petitioner in this case alleges that high-level city
policymakers adopted a plan to retaliate against him for
protected speech and then ordered his arrest when he
attempted to make remarks during the public-comment
portion of a city council meeting. The petitioner now
concedes there was probable cause for the arrest. The
question is whether the presence of probable cause
bars petitioner's retaliatory arrest claim under these
2 LOZMAN v. RIVIERA BEACH

Opinion of the Court

circumstances.
I
The city of Riviera Beach is on the Atlantic coast of
Florida, about 75 miles north of Miami. The petitioner
here is Fane Lozman. In 2006 Lozman towed his floating
home into a slip in the City-owned marina, where he
became a resident. Thus began his contentious relation-
ship with the City's elected officials.
Soon after his arrival Lozman became an outspoken
critic of the City's plan to use its eminent domain power to
seize homes along the waterfront for private development.
Lozman often spoke during the public-comment period at
city council meetings and criticized councilmembers, the
mayor, and other public employees. He also filed a lawsuit
alleging that the Council's approval of an agreement with
developers violated Florida's open-meetings laws.
In June 2006 the Council held a closed-door session, in
part to discuss the open-meetings lawsuit that Lozman
recently had filed. According to the transcript of the
meeting, Councilmember Elizabeth Wade suggested that
the City use its resources to "intimidate" Lozman and
others who had filed lawsuits against the City. App. 176.
Later in the meeting a different councilmember asked
whether there was "a consensus of what Ms. Wade is
saying," and others responded in the affirmative. Id., at
181182. Lozman alleges that these remarks formed an
official plan to intimidate him. The City, on the other
hand, maintains that the only consensus reached during
the meeting was to invest the money and resources neces-
sary to prevail in the litigation against it.
In all events, Lozman became embroiled in a number of
disputes with city officials and employees over the ensuing
years, many of which Lozman says were part of the City's
plan of retaliation. The dispute that led to this litigation
took place in 2006. In November of that year, five months
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

after the closed-door meeting where the "intimidate" com-
ment was made, the City Council held a public meeting.
The agenda included a public-comment session in which
citizens could address the Council for a few minutes. As
he had done on earlier occasions and would do more than
200 times over the coming years, see Tr. in No. 9:08 -- cv -- 
80134 (SD Fla.), Doc. 785, p. 61, Lozman stepped up to the
podium to give remarks. He began to discuss the recent
arrest of a former county official. Councilmember Wade
interrupted Lozman, directing him to stop making those
remarks. Lozman continued speaking, this time about the
arrest of a former official from the city of West Palm
Beach. Wade then called for the assistance of the police
officer in attendance. The officer approached Lozman and
asked him to leave the podium. Lozman refused. So
Wade told the officer to "carry him out." The officer hand-
cuffed Lozman and ushered him out of the meeting. The
incident was recorded on video. See Record, Def. Exh. 505,
Doc. 687, available at https://www.supremecourt.gov/media/
video/mp4files/Lozman_v_RivieraBeach.mp4. According to
the City, Lozman was arrested because he violated the
City Council's rules of procedure by discussing issues
unrelated to the City and then refused to leave the po-
dium. According to Lozman, the arrest was to retaliate for
his open-meetings lawsuit against the City and his prior
public criticisms of city officials.
Under arrest, Lozman was escorted to police headquar-
ters. He was charged with disorderly conduct and resist-
ing arrest without violence and then released. Later, the
State's attorney determined there was probable cause to
arrest Lozman for those offenses but decided to dismiss
the charges.
Lozman filed this lawsuit under Rev. Stat., 42
U. S. C.. The complaint described a number of
alleged incidents that, under Lozman's theory, showed the
City's purpose to harass him in different ways. These
4 LOZMAN v. RIVIERA BEACH

Opinion of the Court

ranged from a city employee telling Lozman that his dog
needed a muzzle to the City's initiation of an admiralty
lawsuit against Lozman's floating home -- the latter result-
ing in an earlier decision by this Court. See Lozman v.
Riviera Beach, (2013). The evidence and
arguments presented by both parties with respect to all
the matters alleged in Lozman's suit consumed 19 days of
trial before a jury. The jury returned a verdict for the City
on all of the claims.
Before this Court, Lozman seeks a reversal only as to
the City's alleged retaliatory arrest at the November 2006
city council meeting. The District Court instructed the
jury that, for Lozman to prevail on this claim, he had to
prove that the arresting officer was himself motivated by
impermissible animus against Lozman's protected speech
and that the officer lacked probable cause to make the
arrest. The District Court determined that the evidence
was insufficient as a matter of law to support probable
cause for the offenses charged at the time of the arrest
(disorderly conduct and resisting arrest without violence).
But the District Court concluded that there may have
been probable cause to arrest Lozman for violating a
Florida statute that prohibits interruptions or disturb-
ances in schools, churches, or other public assemblies.
Fla. Stat..01 (2017). (The City had brought this
statute to the District Court's attention during the course
of the litigation.) The District Court allowed the jury to
decide whether there was probable cause to arrest for the
public-disturbance offense.
Judgment having been entered for the City after the
jury's verdict, Lozman appealed. The Court of Appeals for
the Eleventh Circuit affirmed. 681 Fed. Appx. 746 (2017).
As relevant here, the Court of Appeals assumed that the
District Court erred when it instructed the jury that the
officer, rather than the City, must have harbored the
retaliatory animus. But the Court of Appeals held that
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

any error was harmless because the jury necessarily de-
termined that the arrest was supported by probable cause
when it found for the City on some of Lozman's other
claims -- specifically, his claims that the arrest violated the
Fourth Amendment and state law. Id., at 751752. And,
under precedents which the Court of Appeals deemed
controlling, the existence of probable cause defeated a
First Amendment claim for retaliatory arrest. See id., at
752 ).
This Court granted certiorari, 583 U. S. ___ (2017), on
the issue whether the existence of probable cause defeats a
First Amendment claim for retaliatory arrest under.
The Court considered this issue once before, see Reichle v.
Howards, (2012), but resolved the case
on different grounds.
II
The issue before the Court is a narrow one. In this
Court Lozman does not challenge the constitutionality of
Florida's statute criminalizing disturbances at public
assemblies. He does not argue that the statute is overly
broad, e.g., Terminiello v. Chicago, (1949);
Watchtower Bible & Tract Soc. of N. Y., Inc. v. Village of
Stratton, (2002); or that it impermissibly
targets speech based on its content or viewpoint, e.g.,
Texas v. Johnson, (1989); Cohen v. Califor-
nia, (1971); or that it was enforced in a way
that curtailed Lozman's right to peaceful assembly, e.g.,
Brown v. Louisiana, (1966). Lozman, fur-
thermore, does not challenge the validity of the City Coun-
cil's asserted limitations on the subjects speakers may
discuss during the public-comment portion of city council
meetings (although he continues to dispute whether those
limitations in fact existed).
Instead Lozman challenges only the lawfulness of his
6 LOZMAN v. RIVIERA BEACH

Opinion of the Court

arrest, and even that challenge is a limited one. There is
no contention that the City ordered Lozman's arrest to
discriminate against him based on protected classifica-
tions, or that the City denied Lozman his equal protection
rights by placing him in a "class of one." See Village of
Willowbrook v. Olech, (2000) (per curiam).
Lozman, moreover, now concedes that there was probable
cause for the arrest. Although Lozman does not indicate
what facts he believes support this concession, it appears
that the existence of probable cause must be based on the
assumption that Lozman failed to depart the podium after
receiving a lawful order to leave.
Lozman's claim is that, notwithstanding the presence of
probable cause, his arrest at the city council meeting
violated the First Amendment because the arrest was
ordered in retaliation for his earlier, protected speech: his
open-meetings lawsuit and his prior public criticisms of
city officials. The question this Court is asked to consider
is whether the existence of probable cause bars that First
Amendment retaliation claim.
III
It is well established that in a case a city or other
local governmental entity cannot be subject to liability at
all unless the harm was caused in the implementation of
"official municipal policy." Monell v. New York City Dept.
of Social Servs., (1978); see Los Angeles
County v. Humphries, (2010). Lozman's
damages claim is against only the City itself, based
on the acts of its officers and employees -- here, the mem-
bers of the City Council. Lozman says that the City,
through its city councilmembers, formed an official policy
to retaliate against him and ordered his arrest. The Court
assumes in the discussion to follow that the arrest was
taken pursuant to an official city policy, but whether there
was such a policy and what its content may have been are
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

issues not decided here.
This brings the discussion to the issue the parties deem
central to the case: whether the conceded existence of
probable cause for the arrest bars recovery regardless of
any intent or purpose to retaliate for past speech. Two
major precedents could bear on this point, and the parties
disagree on which should be applicable here. The first is
this Court's decision in Mt. Healthy City Bd. of Ed. v.
Doyle, (1977). See also Board of Comm'rs,
Wabaunsee Cty. v. Umbehr, (1996). Lozman
urges that the rule of Mt. Healthy should control and that
under it he is entitled to recover. The second is this
Court's decision in Hartman v. Moore, 
(2006), which the City cites for the proposition that once
there is probable cause there can be no further claim that
the arrest was retaliation for protected speech.
Mt. Healthy arose in a civil, not criminal, context. A city
board of education decided not to rehire an untenured
school teacher after a series of incidents indicating unpro-
fessional demeanor. 429 U. S., at 281283. One of the
incidents was a telephone call the teacher made to a local
radio station to report on a new school policy. Id., at 282.
Because the board of education did not suggest that the
teacher violated any established policy in making the call,
this Court accepted a finding by the District Court that
the call was protected speech. Id., at 284. The Court went
on to hold, however, that since the other incidents, stand-
ing alone, would have justified the dismissal, relief could
not be granted if the board could show that the discharge
would have been ordered even without reference to the
protected speech. Id., at 285287. In terms of precepts in
the law of torts, the Court held that even if retaliation
might have been a substantial motive for the board's
action, still there was no liability unless the alleged consti-
tutional violation was a but-for cause of the employment
termination. Ibid.; see also Umbehr, supra, at 675.
8 LOZMAN v. RIVIERA BEACH

Opinion of the Court

The City resists the applicability of the Mt. Healthy test
as the sole determinant here. It contends that, where
there was probable cause for the arrest, the applicable
precedent is Hartman -- a case that was in the criminal
sphere and that turned on the existence of probable cause.
The background in Hartman was that a company and its
chief executive, William Moore, had engaged in an exten-
sive lobbying and governmental relations campaign oppos-
ing a particular postal service policy. 547 U. S., at
252253. Moore and the company were later prosecuted
for violating federal statutes in the course of that lobbying.
Id., at 253254. After being acquitted, Moore filed suit
against five postal inspectors, alleging that they had
violated his First Amendment rights when they instigated
his prosecution in retaliation for his criticisms of the
Postal Service. Id., at 254. This Court held that a plain-
tiff alleging a retaliatory prosecution must show the ab-
sence of probable cause for the underlying criminal
charge. Id., at 265266. If there was probable cause, the
case ends. If the plaintiff proves the absence of probable
cause, then the Mt. Healthy test governs: The plaintiff
must show that the retaliation was a substantial or moti-
vating factor behind the prosecution, and, if that showing
is made, the defendant can prevail only by showing that
the prosecution would have been initiated without respect
to retaliation. See 547 U. S., at 265 -- 266.
The Court in Hartman deemed it necessary to inquire as
to the existence of probable cause because proving the link
between the defendant's retaliatory animus and the plain-
tiff 's injury in retaliatory prosecution cases "is usually
more complex than it is in other retaliation cases." Id., at
261. An action for retaliatory prosecution "will not be
brought against the prosecutor, who is absolutely immune
from liability for the decision to prosecute." Id., at
261262. Instead, the plaintiff must sue some other gov-
ernment official and prove that the official "induced the
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

prosecutor to bring charges that would not have been
initiated without his urging." Id., at 262. Noting that
inquiries with respect to probable cause are commonplace
in criminal cases, the Court determined that requiring
plaintiffs in retaliatory prosecution cases to prove the lack
of probable cause would help "bridge the gap between the
nonprosecuting government agent's motive and the prose-
cutor's action." Id., at 263.
The City's argument here is that, just as probable cause
is a bar in retaliatory prosecution cases, so too should it be
a bar in this case, involving a retaliatory arrest. There is
undoubted force in the City's position. Reichle, 566 U. S.,
at 667 -- 668. There are on average about 29,000 arrests
per day in this country. Dept. of Justice -- FBI, Uniform
Crime Report, Crime in the United States, 2016 (Fall
2017). In deciding whether to arrest, police officers often
make split-second judgments. The content of the suspect's
speech might be a consideration in circumstances where
the officer must decide whether the suspect is ready to
cooperate, or, on the other hand, whether he may present
a continuing threat to interests that the law must protect.
See, e.g., District of Columbia v. Wesby, 583 U. S. ___, ___
(2018) ("suspect's untruthful and evasive
answers to police questioning could support probable
cause" ).
For these reasons retaliatory arrest claims, much like
retaliatory prosecution claims, can "present a tenuous
causal connection between the defendant's alleged animus
and the plaintiff 's injury." Reichle, 566 U. S., at 668.
That means it can be difficult to discern whether an arrest
was caused by the officer's legitimate or illegitimate con-
sideration of speech. Ibid. And the complexity of proving
(or disproving) causation in these cases creates a risk that
the courts will be flooded with dubious retaliatory arrest
suits. See Brief for District of Columbia et al. as Amici
Curiae 511.
10 LOZMAN v. RIVIERA BEACH

Opinion of the Court

At the same time, there are substantial arguments that
Hartman's framework is inapt in retaliatory arrest cases,
and that Mt. Healthy should apply without a threshold
inquiry into probable cause. For one thing, the causation
problem in retaliatory arrest cases is not the same as the
problem identified in Hartman. Hartman relied in part on
the fact that, in retaliatory prosecution cases, the causal
connection between the defendant's animus and the prose-
cutor's decision to prosecute is weakened by the "presump-
tion of regularity accorded to prosecutorial decisionmak-
ing." 547 U. S., at 263. That presumption does not apply
in this context. See Reichle, supra, at 669. In addition,
there is a risk that some police officers may exploit the
arrest power as a means of suppressing speech. See Brief
for Institute for Free Speech as Amicus Curiae.
IV
The parties' arguments raise difficult questions about
the scope of First Amendment protections when speech is
made in connection with, or contemporaneously to, crimi-
nal activity. But whether in a retaliatory arrest case the
Hartman approach should apply, thus barring a suit
where probable cause exists, or, on the other hand, the
inquiry should be governed only by Mt. Healthy is a de-
termination that must await a different case. For Loz-
man's claim is far afield from the typical retaliatory arrest
claim, and the difficulties that might arise if Mt. Healthy
is applied to the mine run of arrests made by police offi-
cers are not present here.
Here Lozman does not sue the officer who made the
arrest. Indeed, Lozman likely could not have maintained
a retaliation claim against the arresting officer in these
circumstances, because the officer appears to have acted in
good faith, and there is no showing that the officer had
any knowledge of Lozman's prior speech or any motive to
arrest him for his earlier expressive activities.
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of the Court

Instead Lozman alleges more governmental action than
simply an arrest. His claim is that the City itself retali-
ated against him pursuant to an "official municipal policy" of
intimidation. Monell, 436 U. S., at 691. In particular, he
alleges that the City, through its legislators, formed a
premeditated plan to intimidate him in retaliation for his
criticisms of city officials and his open-meetings lawsuit.
And he asserts that the City itself, through the same high
officers, executed that plan by ordering his arrest at the
November 2006 city council meeting.
The fact that Lozman must prove the existence and
enforcement of an official policy motivated by retaliation
separates Lozman's claim from the typical retaliatory
arrest claim. An official retaliatory policy is a particularly
troubling and potent form of retaliation, for a policy can be
long term and pervasive, unlike an ad hoc, on-the-spot
decision by an individual officer. An official policy also can
be difficult to dislodge. A citizen who suffers retaliation by
an individual officer can seek to have the officer disci-
plined or removed from service, but there may be little
practical recourse when the government itself orchestrates
the retaliation. For these reasons, when retaliation
against protected speech is elevated to the level of official
policy, there is a compelling need for adequate avenues of
redress.
In addition, Lozman's allegations, if proved, alleviate
the problems that the City says will result from applying
Mt. Healthy in retaliatory arrest cases. The causation
problem in arrest cases is not of the same difficulty where,
as is alleged here, the official policy is retaliation for prior,
protected speech bearing little relation to the criminal
offense for which the arrest is made. In determining
whether there was probable cause to arrest Lozman for
disrupting a public assembly, it is difficult to see why a
city official could have legitimately considered that Loz-
man had, months earlier, criticized city officials or filed a
12 LOZMAN v. RIVIERA BEACH

Opinion of the Court

lawsuit against the City. So in a case like this one it is
unlikely that the connection between the alleged animus
and injury will be "weakened... by [an official's] legiti-
mate consideration of speech." Reichle, 566 U. S., at 668.
This unique class of retaliatory arrest claims, moreover,
will require objective evidence of a policy motivated by
retaliation to survive summary judgment. Lozman, for
instance, cites a transcript of a closed-door city council
meeting and a video recording of his arrest. There is thus
little risk of a flood of retaliatory arrest suits against high-
level policymakers.
As a final matter, it must be underscored that this
Court has recognized the "right to petition as one of the
most precious of the liberties safeguarded by the Bill of
Rights." BE&K Constr. Co. v. NLRB, 
(2002). Lozman alleges
the City deprived him of this liberty by retaliating against
him for his lawsuit against the City and his criticisms of
public officials. Thus, Lozman's speech is high in the
hierarchy of First Amendment values. See Connick v.
Myers, (1983).
For these reasons, Lozman need not prove the absence
of probable cause to maintain a claim of retaliatory arrest
against the City. On facts like these, Mt. Healthy provides
the correct standard for assessing a retaliatory arrest
claim. The Court need not, and does not, address the
elements required to prove a retaliatory arrest claim in
other contexts.
This is not to say, of course, that Lozman is ultimately
entitled to relief or even a new trial. On remand, the
Court of Appeals, applying Mt. Healthy and other relevant
precedents, may consider any arguments in support of the
District Court's judgment that have been preserved by the
City. Among other matters, the Court of Appeals may
wish to consider (1) whether any reasonable juror could
find that the City actually formed a retaliatory policy to
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of the Court

intimidate Lozman during its June 2006 closed-door ses-
sion; (2) whether any reasonable juror could find that the
November 2006 arrest constituted an official act by the
City; and (3) whether, under Mt. Healthy, the City has
proved that it would have arrested Lozman regardless of
any retaliatory animus -- for example, if Lozman's conduct
during prior city council meetings had also violated valid
rules as to proper subjects of discussion, thus explaining
his arrest here.
For these reasons, the judgment of the Court of Appeals
is vacated, and the case is remanded for further proceed-
ings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

THOMAS, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 21
_________________

FANE LOZMAN, PETITIONER v. CITY OF RIVIERA 

BEACH, FLORIDA

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT

[June 18, 2018] 

JUSTICE THOMAS, dissenting.
We granted certiorari to decide "whether the existence
of probable cause defeats a First Amendment claim for
retaliatory arrest under [42 U. S. C.]." Ante, at 5.
Instead of resolving that question, the Court decides that
probable cause should not defeat a "unique class of retalia-
tory arrest claims." Ante, at 12. To fall within this unique
class, a claim must involve objective evidence, of an official
municipal policy of retaliation, formed well before the
arrest, in response to highly protected speech, that has
little relation to the offense of arrest. See ante, at 11 -- 12.
No one briefed, argued, or even hinted at the rule that the
Court announces today. Instead of dreaming up our own
rule, I would have answered the question presented and
held that plaintiffs must plead and prove a lack of prob-
able cause as an element of a First Amendment retaliatory-
arrest claim. I respectfully dissent.
I
The petition for certiorari asked us to resolve whether
"the existence of probable cause defeat[s] a First Amend-
ment retaliatory-arrest claim as a matter of law." Pet. for
Cert. i. That question has divided the federal courts for
decades. See id., at 10 -- 13. We granted certiorari to con-
sider it six years ago in Reichle v. Howards, LOZMAN v. RIVIERA BEACH

THOMAS, J., dissenting

663 (2012). But we did not resolve it then because the
petitioner's second question presented -- whether qualified
immunity applied -- fully resolved the case. Ibid. Since
Reichle, the split in the federal courts has widened. See
Pet. for Cert. 12 -- 13. In this case, we again granted certio-
rari, 538 U. S. ___ (2017), this time only on the question of
probable cause, see Pet. for Cert. i.
Yet the Court chooses not to resolve that question,
leaving in place the decades-long disagreement among the
federal courts. The parties concentrated all their argu-
ments on this question in their briefs and at oral argu-
ment. Neither party suggested that there was something
special about Fane Lozman's claim that would justify a
narrower rule. See, e.g., Tr. of Oral Arg. 15 -- 16 (refusing
to take the "fallback position" that this "is some special
kind of case"). Yet the Court does that work for them by
defining a "unique class of retaliatory arrest claims" that
do not require plaintiffs to plead and prove a lack of prob-
able cause. Ante, at 12.
By my count, the Court has identified five conditions
that are necessary to trigger its new rule. First, there
must be "an 'official municipal policy' of intimidation."
Ante, at 11 ). Second, the
policy must be "premeditated" and formed well before the
arrest -- here, for example, the policy was formed "months
earlier." Ante, at 11.1 Third, there must be "objective
evidence" of such a policy. Ante, at 12. Fourth, there must
be "little relation" between the "protected speech" that
prompted the retaliatory policy and "the criminal offense
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 This requirement suggests that the Court's rule does not apply

when the "policy" that the plaintiff challenges is an on-the-spot decision
by a single official with final policymaking authority, like the "policy"
that this Court recognized in Pembaur v. Cincinnati, 
(1986). See id., at 484 -- 485 (holding that a county prosecutor's order to
forcibly enter the plaintiff's clinic was a "municipal policy").
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

THOMAS, J., dissenting

for which the arrest is made." Ante, at 11. Finally, the
protected speech that provoked the retaliatory policy must
be "high in the hierarchy of First Amendment values."
Ante, at 12. Where all these features are present, the
Court explains, there is not the same "causation problem"
that exists for other retaliatory-arrest claims. Ante, at 11.
I find it hard to believe that there will be many cases
where this rule will even arguably apply, and even harder
to believe that the plaintiffs in those cases will actually
prove all five requirements. Not even Lozman's case is a
good fit, as the Court admits when it discusses the rele-
vant considerations for remand. See ante, at 12 -- 13. In
my view, we should not have gone out of our way to fash-
ion a complicated rule with no apparent applicability to
this case or any other.
II
Turning to the question presented, I would hold that
plaintiffs bringing a First Amendment retaliatory-arrest
claim must plead and prove an absence of probable cause.2
This Court has "repeatedly noted that 42 U. S. C. 
creates ' "a species of tort liability." ' " Memphis Commu-
nity School Dist. v. Stachura, (1986)
(footnote omitted). Accordingly, we "defin[e] the contours
and prerequisites of a claim" by "look[ing] first to
the common law of torts." Manuel v. Joliet, 580 U. S. ___,
___ (2017) ; see, e.g., Heck v. Humphrey,
(1994) (analogizing to the "common-law
cause of action for malicious prosecution"); id., at 491
(THOMAS, J., concurring) (emphasizing that the decision
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 I am skeptical that 42 U. S. C. recognizes a claim for retalia-

tory arrests under the First Amendment. I adhere to the view that "no
'intent-based' constitutional tort would have been actionable under the
that Congress enacted." Crawford-El v. Britton, (1998) (Scalia, J., dissenting). But because no party presses this
argument, I assume that such claims are actionable under.
4 LOZMAN v. RIVIERA BEACH

THOMAS, J., dissenting

was "consistent... with the state of the common law at
the time was enacted").
When was enacted, there was no common-law tort
for retaliatory arrest in violation of the freedom of speech.
See Hartman v. Moore, (2006). I would
therefore look to the common-law torts that "provid[e] the
closest analogy" to this claim. Heck, supra, at 484. The
closest analogs here are the three arrest-based torts under
the common law: false imprisonment, malicious prosecu-
tion, and malicious arrest. In defining the elements of
these three torts, 19th-century courts emphasized the
importance of probable cause.
Consider first the tort of false imprisonment. Common-
law courts stressed the need to shape this tort with an
"indulgence" for peace officers, who are "specially charged
with a duty in the enforcement of the laws." T. Cooley,
Law of Torts 175 (1880) (Cooley); see, e.g., Hogg v. Ward, 3
H. & N. 417, 423, 157 Eng. Rep. 533, 536 (Ex. 1858) (opin-
ion of Watson, B.) (stressing "the utmost importance that
the police throughout the country should be supported in
the execution of their duty"). Accordingly, private citizens
were always liable for false imprisonment if the arrestee
had not actually committed a felony, but constables were
"excused" if they had "made [the arrest] on reasonable
grounds of belief " -- i.e., probable cause. Cooley 175; ac-
cord, 2 C. Addison, Law of Torts, p. 18 (1876); 1 F.
Hilliard, The Law of Torts or Private Wrongs, pp. 207 -- 
208, and n. (a) (1866). As Lord Mansfield explained, it
was "of great consequence to the police" that probable
cause shield officers from false-imprisonment claims, as "it
would be a terrible thing" if the threat of liability dissuaded
them from performing their official duties. Ledwith v.
Catchpole, 2 Cald. 291, 295 (K. B. 1783). This concern
outweighed "the mischief and inconvenience to the public"
from the reality that "[m]any an innocent man has and
may be taken up upon suspicion." Ibid. Many State Su-
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

THOMAS, J., dissenting

preme Courts agreed with Lord Mansfield's reasoning.
See, e.g., Burns v. Erben, 40 N. Y. 463, 469 (1869) (opinion
of Woodruff, J.) ; Brockway v. Crawford,
48 N. C. 433, 437 (1856) ("[The] exempt[ion] for responsi-
bility" for arrests based on probable cause "encourages...
a sharp look-out for the apprehension of felons"). As one
court put it, "How, in the great cities of this land, could
police power be exercised, if every peace officer is liable to
civil action for false imprisonment" whenever "persons
arrested upon probable cause shall afterwards be found
innocent?" Hawley v. Butler, 54 Barb. 490, 496 (N. Y. Sup.
1868).
Courts also stressed the importance of probable cause
when defining the torts of malicious prosecution and
malicious arrest. See, e.g., Ahern v. Collins, 39 Mo. 145,
150 (1866) (holding that "malice and want of probable
cause are necessary ingredients of both"). For the tort of
malicious prosecution, courts emphasized the "necessity"
of both the "allegation" and "proof " of probable cause, in
light of the public interest "that criminals should be
brought to justice." Hogg v. Pinckney, 16 S. C. 387, 393
(1882); see also Chrisman v. Carney, 33 Ark. 316, 326
(1878) ("The existence of probable cause is of itself alone a
complete defense.... The interest which society has in
the enforcement of the criminal laws requires this rule").
Similarly, if the element of probable cause were not
"strictly guarded," "ill consequences would ensue to the
public, for no one would willingly undertake to vindicate a
breach of the public law and discharge his duty to society,
with the prospect of an annoying suit staring him in the
face." Ventress v. Rosser, 73 Ga. 534, 541 (1884); accord,
Cardival v. Smith, 109 Mass. 158 (1872). The element of
probable cause also played an evidentiary role for both
torts. Lack of probable cause provided "evidence of malice,
though inconclusive," Herman v. Brookerhoff, 8 Watts 240,
241 (Pa. 1839), because "[m]alice may be inferred from a
6 LOZMAN v. RIVIERA BEACH

THOMAS, J., dissenting

total want of probable cause," Ventress, supra, at 541;
accord, Ahern, supra, at 150.
In sum, when was enacted, the common law
recognized probable cause as an important element for
ensuring that arrest-based torts did not unduly interfere
with the objectives of law enforcement. Common-law
courts were wary of "throw[ing] down the bars which
protect public officers from suits for acts done within the
scope of their duty and authority, by recognizing the right
of every one who chooses to imagine or assert that he is
aggrieved by their doings, to make use of an allegation
that they were malicious in motive to harass them with
suits on that ground." Chelsey v. King, 74 Me. 164, 175 -- 
176 (1882).
Applying that principle here, it follows that plaintiffs
bringing a First Amendment retaliatory-arrest claim
under should have to plead and prove a lack of
probable cause. I see no justification for deviating from
the historical practice simply because an arrest claim is
framed in terms of the First Amendment. Even under a
First Amendment theory, "the significance of probable
cause or the lack of it looms large." Hartman, 547 U. S., at
265. The presence of probable cause will tend to disprove
that the arrest was done out of retaliation for the plaintiff 's
speech, and the absence of probable cause will tend to
prove the opposite. See id., at 261. Because "[p]robable
cause or its absence will be at least an evidentiary issue in
practically all such cases" and "[b]ecause showing [its]
absence... will have high probative force, and can be
made mandatory with little or no added cost," the absence
of probable cause should be an "element" of the plaintiff 's
case. Id., at 265 -- 266; see also id., at 264, (refusing
to carve out an exception for unusual cases).
Moreover, as with the traditional arrest-based torts,
police officers need the safe harbor of probable cause in
the First Amendment context to be able to do their jobs
 Cite as: 585 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

THOMAS, J., dissenting

effectively. Police officers almost always exchange words
with suspects before arresting them. And often a suspect's
"speech provides evidence of a crime or suggests a poten-
tial threat." Reichle, 566 U. S., at 668. If probable cause
were not required, the threat of liability might deter an
officer from arresting a suspected criminal who, for exam-
ple, has a political bumper sticker on his car, cf. Kilpatrick
v. United States, 432 Fed. Appx. 937 (CA11 2011); is par-
ticipating in a politically tinged protest, Morse v. San
Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit Dist., 2014 WL 572352
(ND Cal., Feb. 11, 2014); or confronts and criticizes the
officer during the arrest of a third party, Holland v. San
Francisco, 2013 WL 968295 (ND Cal., Mar. 12, 2013).
Allowing plaintiffs to bring a retaliatory-arrest claim in
such circumstances, without pleading and proving a lack
of probable cause, would permit plaintiffs to harass offi-
cers with the kind of suits that common-law courts deemed
intolerable.
* * *
Because we should have answered the question presented
and held that probable cause necessarily defeats First
Amendment retaliatory-arrest claims, I respectfully
dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
In 2012 a same-sex couple visited Masterpiece
Cakeshop, a bakery in Colorado, to make inquiries about
ordering a cake for their wedding reception. The shop's
owner told the couple that he would not create a cake for
their wedding because of his religious opposition to same-
sex marriages -- marriages the State of Colorado itself did
not recognize at that time. The couple filed a charge with
the Colorado Civil Rights Commission alleging discrimina-
tion on the basis of sexual orientation in violation of the
Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act.
The Commission determined that the shop's actions
violated the Act and ruled in the couple's favor. The Colo-
rado state courts affirmed the ruling and its enforcement
order, and this Court now must decide whether the Com-
mission's order violated the Constitution.
The case presents difficult questions as to the proper
reconciliation of at least two principles. The first is the
authority of a State and its governmental entities to pro-
tect the rights and dignity of gay persons who are, or wish
to be, married but who face discrimination when they seek
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

goods or services. The second is the right of all persons to
exercise fundamental freedoms under the First Amend-
ment, as applied to the States through the Fourteenth
Amendment.
The freedoms asserted here are both the freedom of
speech and the free exercise of religion. The free speech
aspect of this case is difficult, for few persons who have
seen a beautiful wedding cake might have thought of its
creation as an exercise of protected speech. This is an
instructive example, however, of the proposition that the
application of constitutional freedoms in new contexts can
deepen our understanding of their meaning.
One of the difficulties in this case is that the parties
disagree as to the extent of the baker's refusal to provide
service. If a baker refused to design a special cake with
words or images celebrating the marriage -- for instance, a
cake showing words with religious meaning -- that might
be different from a refusal to sell any cake at all. In defin-
ing whether a baker's creation can be protected, these
details might make a difference.
The same difficulties arise in determining whether a
baker has a valid free exercise claim. A baker's refusal to
attend the wedding to ensure that the cake is cut the right
way, or a refusal to put certain religious words or decora-
tions on the cake, or even a refusal to sell a cake that has
been baked for the public generally but includes certain
religious words or symbols on it are just three examples of
possibilities that seem all but endless.
Whatever the confluence of speech and free exercise
principles might be in some cases, the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission's consideration of this case was incon-
sistent with the State's obligation of religious neutrality.
The reason and motive for the baker's refusal were based
on his sincere religious beliefs and convictions. The
Court's precedents make clear that the baker, in his capac-
ity as the owner of a business serving the public, might
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

have his right to the free exercise of religion limited by
generally applicable laws. Still, the delicate question of
when the free exercise of his religion must yield to an
otherwise valid exercise of state power needed to be de-
termined in an adjudication in which religious hostility on
the part of the State itself would not be a factor in the
balance the State sought to reach. That requirement,
however, was not met here. When the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission considered this case, it did not do
so with the religious neutrality that the Constitution
requires.
Given all these considerations, it is proper to hold that
whatever the outcome of some future controversy involv-
ing facts similar to these, the Commission's actions here
violated the Free Exercise Clause; and its order must be
set aside.
I

A

Masterpiece Cakeshop, Ltd., is a bakery in Lakewood,
Colorado, a suburb of Denver. The shop offers a variety of
baked goods, ranging from everyday cookies and brownies
to elaborate custom-designed cakes for birthday parties,
weddings, and other events.
Jack Phillips is an expert baker who has owned and
operated the shop for 24 years. Phillips is a devout Chris-
tian. He has explained that his "main goal in life is to be
obedient to" Jesus Christ and Christ's "teachings in all
aspects of his life." App. 148. And he seeks to "honor God
through his work at Masterpiece Cakeshop." Ibid. One of
Phillips' religious beliefs is that "God's intention for mar-
riage from the beginning of history is that it is and should
be the union of one man and one woman." Id., at 149. To
Phillips, creating a wedding cake for a same-sex wedding
would be equivalent to participating in a celebration that
is contrary to his own most deeply held beliefs.
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

Phillips met Charlie Craig and Dave Mullins when they
entered his shop in the summer of 2012. Craig and Mul-
lins were planning to marry. At that time, Colorado did
not recognize same-sex marriages, so the couple planned
to wed legally in Massachusetts and afterwards to host a
reception for their family and friends in Denver. To pre-
pare for their celebration, Craig and Mullins visited the
shop and told Phillips that they were interested in order-
ing a cake for "our wedding." Id., at 152 (emphasis de-
leted). They did not mention the design of the cake they
envisioned.
Phillips informed the couple that he does not "create"
wedding cakes for same-sex weddings. Ibid. He ex-
plained, "I'll make your birthday cakes, shower cakes, sell
you cookies and brownies, I just don't make cakes for same
sex weddings." Ibid. The couple left the shop without
further discussion.
The following day, Craig's mother, who had accompa-
nied the couple to the cakeshop and been present for their
interaction with Phillips, telephoned to ask Phillips why
he had declined to serve her son. Phillips explained that
he does not create wedding cakes for same-sex weddings
because of his religious opposition to same-sex marriage,
and also because Colorado (at that time) did not recognize
same-sex marriages. Id., at 153. He later explained his
belief that "to create a wedding cake for an event that
celebrates something that directly goes against the teach-
ings of the Bible, would have been a personal endorsement
and participation in the ceremony and relationship that
they were entering into." Ibid. (emphasis deleted).
B
For most of its history, Colorado has prohibited discrim-
ination in places of public accommodation. In 1885, less
than a decade after Colorado achieved statehood, the
General Assembly passed "An Act to Protect All Citizens
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

in Their Civil Rights," which guaranteed "full and equal
enjoyment" of certain public facilities to "all citizens,"
"regardless of race, color or previous condition of servi-
tude." 1885 Colo. Sess. Laws pp. 132 -- 133. A decade later,
the General Assembly expanded the requirement to apply
to "all other places of public accommodation." 1895 Colo.
Sess. Laws ch. 61, p. 139.
Today, the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act (CADA)
carries forward the state's tradition of prohibiting discrim-
ination in places of public accommodation. Amended in
2007 and 2008 to prohibit discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation as well as other protected characteris-
tics, CADA in relevant part provides as follows:

"It is a discriminatory practice and unlawful for a per-
son, directly or indirectly, to refuse, withhold from, or
deny to an individual or a group, because of disability,
race, creed, color, sex, sexual orientation, marital sta-
tus, national origin, or ancestry, the full and equal en-
joyment of the goods, services, facilities, privileges,
advantages, or accommodations of a place of public ac-
commodation." Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 34 -- 601(2)(a)
(2017).

The Act defines "public accommodation" broadly to include
any "place of business engaged in any sales to the public
and any place offering services... to the public," but
excludes "a church, synagogue, mosque, or other place that
is principally used for religious purposes." -- 34 -- 601(1).
CADA establishes an administrative system for the
resolution of discrimination claims. Complaints of dis-
crimination in violation of CADA are addressed in the first
instance by the Colorado Civil Rights Division. The Divi-
sion investigates each claim; and if it finds probable cause
that CADA has been violated, it will refer the matter to
the Colorado Civil Rights Commission. The Commission,
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court

in turn, decides whether to initiate a formal hearing be-
fore a state Administrative Law Judge (ALJ), who will
hear evidence and argument before issuing a written
decision. See -- 34 -- 306, 24 -- 4 -- 105(14). The decision of
the ALJ may be appealed to the full Commission, a seven-
member appointed body. The Commission holds a public
hearing and deliberative session before voting on the case.
If the Commission determines that the evidence proves a
CADA violation, it may impose remedial measures as
provided by statute. See -- 34 -- 306(9). Available reme-
dies include, among other things, orders to cease-and-
desist a discriminatory policy, to file regular compliance
reports with the Commission, and "to take affirmative
action, including the posting of notices setting forth the
substantive rights of the public." -- 34 -- 605. Colorado
law does not permit the Commission to assess money
damages or fines. -- 34 -- 306(9), 24 -- 34 -- 605.
C
Craig and Mullins filed a discrimination complaint
against Masterpiece Cakeshop and Phillips in September
2012, shortly after the couple's visit to the shop. App. 31.
The complaint alleged that Craig and Mullins had been
denied "full and equal service" at the bakery because of
their sexual orientation, id., at 35, 48, and that it was
Phillips' "standard business practice" not to provide cakes
for same-sex weddings, id., at 43.
The Civil Rights Division opened an investigation. The
investigator found that "on multiple occasions," Phillips
"turned away potential customers on the basis of their
sexual orientation, stating that he could not create a cake
for a same-sex wedding ceremony or reception" because
his religious beliefs prohibited it and because the potential
customers "were doing something illegal" at that time.
Id., at 76. The investigation found that Phillips had de-
clined to sell custom wedding cakes to about six other
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

same-sex couples on this basis. Id., at 72. The investiga-
tor also recounted that, according to affidavits submitted
by Craig and Mullins, Phillips' shop had refused to sell
cupcakes to a lesbian couple for their commitment celebra-
tion because the shop "had a policy of not selling baked
goods to same-sex couples for this type of event." Id., at
73. Based on these findings, the Division found probable
cause that Phillips violated CADA and referred the case to
the Civil Rights Commission. Id., at 69.
The Commission found it proper to conduct a formal
hearing, and it sent the case to a State ALJ. Finding no
dispute as to material facts, the ALJ entertained cross-
motions for summary judgment and ruled in the couple's
favor. The ALJ first rejected Phillips' argument that
declining to make or create a wedding cake for Craig and
Mullins did not violate Colorado law. It was undisputed
that the shop is subject to state public accommodations
laws. And the ALJ determined that Phillips' actions
constituted prohibited discrimination on the basis of sex-
ual orientation, not simply opposition to same-sex marriage
as Phillips contended. App. to Pet. for Cert. 68a -- 72a.
Phillips raised two constitutional claims before the ALJ.
He first asserted that applying CADA in a way that would
require him to create a cake for a same-sex wedding would
violate his First Amendment right to free speech by com-
pelling him to exercise his artistic talents to express a
message with which he disagreed. The ALJ rejected the
contention that preparing a wedding cake is a form of
protected speech and did not agree that creating Craig and
Mullins' cake would force Phillips to adhere to "an ideolog-
ical point of view." Id., at 75a. Applying CADA to the
facts at hand, in the ALJ's view, did not interfere with
Phillips' freedom of speech.
Phillips also contended that requiring him to create
cakes for same-sex weddings would violate his right to the
free exercise of religion, also protected by the First
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

Amendment. Citing this Court's precedent in Employment
Div., Dept. of Human Resources of Ore. v. Smith, (1990), the ALJ determined that CADA is a "valid and
neutral law of general applicability" and therefore that
applying it to Phillips in this case did not violate the Free
Exercise Clause. Id., at 879; App. to Pet. for Cert. 82a -- 
83a. The ALJ thus ruled against Phillips and the
cakeshop and in favor of Craig and Mullins on both consti-
tutional claims.
The Commission affirmed the ALJ's decision in full. Id.,
at 57a. The Commission ordered Phillips to "cease and
desist from discriminating against... same-sex couples by
refusing to sell them wedding cakes or any product [they]
would sell to heterosexual couples." Ibid. It also ordered
additional remedial measures, including "comprehensive
staff training on the Public Accommodations section" of
CADA "and changes to any and all company policies to
comply with... this Order." Id., at 58a. The Commission
additionally required Phillips to prepare "quarterly com-
pliance reports" for a period of two years documenting "the
number of patrons denied service" and why, along with "a
statement describing the remedial actions taken." Ibid.
Phillips appealed to the Colorado Court of Appeals,
which affirmed the Commission's legal determinations and
remedial order. The court rejected the argument that the
"Commission's order unconstitutionally compels" Phillips
and the shop "to convey a celebratory message about same
sex marriage." Craig v. Masterpiece Cakeshop, Inc., 370
P. 3d 272, 283 (2015). The court also rejected the argu-
ment that the Commission's order violated the Free Exer-
cise Clause. Relying on this Court's precedent in Smith,
supra, at 879, the court stated that the Free Exercise
Clause "does not relieve an individual of the obligation to
comply with a valid and neutral law of general applicabil-
ity" on the ground that following the law would interfere
with religious practice or belief. 370 P. 3d, at 289. The
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

court concluded that requiring Phillips to comply with the
statute did not violate his free exercise rights. The Colo-
rado Supreme Court declined to hear the case.
Phillips sought review here, and this Court granted
certiorari. 582 U. S. ___ (2017). He now renews his claims
under the Free Speech and Free Exercise Clauses of the
First Amendment.
II

A

Our society has come to the recognition that gay persons
and gay couples cannot be treated as social outcasts or as
inferior in dignity and worth. For that reason the laws
and the Constitution can, and in some instances must,
protect them in the exercise of their civil rights. The
exercise of their freedom on terms equal to others must be
given great weight and respect by the courts. At the same
time, the religious and philosophical objections to gay
marriage are protected views and in some instances pro-
tected forms of expression. As this Court observed in
Obergefell v. Hodges, 576 U. S. ___ (2015), "[t]he First
Amendment ensures that religious organizations and
persons are given proper protection as they seek to teach
the principles that are so fulfilling and so central to their
lives and faiths." Id., at ___. Nevertheless,
while those religious and philosophical objections are
protected, it is a general rule that such objections do not
allow business owners and other actors in the economy
and in society to deny protected persons equal access to
goods and services under a neutral and generally applica-
ble public accommodations law. See Newman v. Piggie
Park Enterprises, Inc., (1968) (per
curiam); see also Hurley v. Irish-American Gay, Lesbian
and Bisexual Group of Boston, Inc., 
(1995) ("Provisions like these are well within the State's
usual power to enact when a legislature has reason to
10 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

believe that a given group is the target of discrimination,
and they do not, as a general matter, violate the First or
Fourteenth Amendments").
When it comes to weddings, it can be assumed that a
member of the clergy who objects to gay marriage on
moral and religious grounds could not be compelled to
perform the ceremony without denial of his or her right to
the free exercise of religion. This refusal would be well
understood in our constitutional order as an exercise of
religion, an exercise that gay persons could recognize and
accept without serious diminishment to their own dignity
and worth. Yet if that exception were not confined, then a
long list of persons who provide goods and services for
marriages and weddings might refuse to do so for gay
persons, thus resulting in a community-wide stigma in-
consistent with the history and dynamics of civil rights
laws that ensure equal access to goods, services, and
public accommodations.
It is unexceptional that Colorado law can protect gay
persons, just as it can protect other classes of individuals,
in acquiring whatever products and services they choose
on the same terms and conditions as are offered to other
members of the public. And there are no doubt innumera-
ble goods and services that no one could argue implicate
the First Amendment. Petitioners conceded, moreover,
that if a baker refused to sell any goods or any cakes for
gay weddings, that would be a different matter and the
State would have a strong case under this Court's prece-
dents that this would be a denial of goods and services
that went beyond any protected rights of a baker who
offers goods and services to the general public and is
subject to a neutrally applied and generally applicable
public accommodations law. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 4 -- 7, 10.
Phillips claims, however, that a narrower issue is pre-
sented. He argues that he had to use his artistic skills to
make an expressive statement, a wedding endorsement in
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of the Court

his own voice and of his own creation. As Phillips would
see the case, this contention has a significant First
Amendment speech component and implicates his deep
and sincere religious beliefs. In this context the baker
likely found it difficult to find a line where the customers'
rights to goods and services became a demand for him to
exercise the right of his own personal expression for their
message, a message he could not express in a way con-
sistent with his religious beliefs.
Phillips' dilemma was particularly understandable
given the background of legal principles and administra-
tion of the law in Colorado at that time. His decision and
his actions leading to the refusal of service all occurred in
the year 2012. At that point, Colorado did not recognize
the validity of gay marriages performed in its own State.
See Colo. Const., Art. II, (2012); 370 P. 3d, at 277. At
the time of the events in question, this Court had not
issued its decisions either in United States v. Windsor, (2013), or Obergefell. Since the State itself did
not allow those marriages to be performed in Colorado,
there is some force to the argument that the baker was not
unreasonable in deeming it lawful to decline to take an
action that he understood to be an expression of support
for their validity when that expression was contrary to his
sincerely held religious beliefs, at least insofar as his
refusal was limited to refusing to create and express a
message in support of gay marriage, even one planned to
take place in another State.
At the time, state law also afforded storekeepers some
latitude to decline to create specific messages the store-
keeper considered offensive. Indeed, while enforcement
proceedings against Phillips were ongoing, the Colorado
Civil Rights Division itself endorsed this proposition in
cases involving other bakers' creation of cakes, concluding
on at least three occasions that a baker acted lawfully in
declining to create cakes with decorations that demeaned
12 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

gay persons or gay marriages. See Jack v. Gateaux, Ltd.,
Charge No. P20140071X (Mar. 24, 2015); Jack v. Le Bak-
ery Sensual, Inc., Charge No. P20140070X (Mar. 24, 2015);
Jack v. Azucar Bakery, Charge No. P20140069X (Mar. 24,
2015).
There were, to be sure, responses to these arguments
that the State could make when it contended for a differ-
ent result in seeking the enforcement of its generally
applicable state regulations of businesses that serve the
public. And any decision in favor of the baker would have
to be sufficiently constrained, lest all purveyors of goods
and services who object to gay marriages for moral and
religious reasons in effect be allowed to put up signs say-
ing "no goods or services will be sold if they will be used
for gay marriages," something that would impose a serious
stigma on gay persons. But, nonetheless, Phillips was
entitled to the neutral and respectful consideration of his
claims in all the circumstances of the case.
B
The neutral and respectful consideration to which Phil-
lips was entitled was compromised here, however. The
Civil Rights Commission's treatment of his case has some
elements of a clear and impermissible hostility toward the
sincere religious beliefs that motivated his objection.
That hostility surfaced at the Commission's formal,
public hearings, as shown by the record. On May 30,
2014, the seven-member Commission convened publicly to
consider Phillips' case. At several points during its meet-
ing, commissioners endorsed the view that religious beliefs
cannot legitimately be carried into the public sphere or
commercial domain, implying that religious beliefs and
persons are less than fully welcome in Colorado's business
community. One commissioner suggested that Phillips
can believe "what he wants to believe," but cannot act on
his religious beliefs "if he decides to do business in the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of the Court

state." Tr. 23. A few moments later, the commissioner
restated the same position: "[I]f a businessman wants to
do business in the state and he's got an issue with the -- 
the law's impacting his personal belief system, he needs to
look at being able to compromise." Id., at 30. Standing
alone, these statements are susceptible of different inter-
pretations. On the one hand, they might mean simply
that a business cannot refuse to provide services based on
sexual orientation, regardless of the proprietor's personal
views. On the other hand, they might be seen as inappro-
priate and dismissive comments showing lack of due
consideration for Phillips' free exercise rights and the
dilemma he faced. In view of the comments that followed,
the latter seems the more likely.
On July 25, 2014, the Commission met again. This
meeting, too, was conducted in public and on the record.
On this occasion another commissioner made specific
reference to the previous meeting's discussion but said far
more to disparage Phillips' beliefs. The commissioner
stated:

"I would also like to reiterate what we said in the
hearing or the last meeting. Freedom of religion and
religion has been used to justify all kinds of discrimi-
nation throughout history, whether it be slavery,
whether it be the holocaust, whether it be -- I mean,
we -- we can list hundreds of situations where freedom
of religion has been used to justify discrimination.
And to me it is one of the most despicable pieces of
rhetoric that people can use to -- to use their religion
to hurt others." Tr. 11 -- 12.

To describe a man's faith as "one of the most despicable
pieces of rhetoric that people can use" is to disparage his
religion in at least two distinct ways: by describing it as
despicable, and also by characterizing it as merely rhetori-
14 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court

cal -- something insubstantial and even insincere. The
commissioner even went so far as to compare Phillips'
invocation of his sincerely held religious beliefs to defenses
of slavery and the Holocaust. This sentiment is inappro-
priate for a Commission charged with the solemn respon-
sibility of fair and neutral enforcement of Colorado's anti-
discrimination law -- a law that protects against discrimina-
tion on the basis of religion as well as sexual orientation.
The record shows no objection to these comments from
other commissioners. And the later state-court ruling
reviewing the Commission's decision did not mention
those comments, much less express concern with their
content. Nor were the comments by the commissioners
disavowed in the briefs filed in this Court. For these
reasons, the Court cannot avoid the conclusion that these
statements cast doubt on the fairness and impartiality of
the Commission's adjudication of Phillips' case. Members
of the Court have disagreed on the question whether
statements made by lawmakers may properly be taken
into account in determining whether a law intentionally
discriminates on the basis of religion. See Church of
Lukumi Babalu Aye, Inc. v. Hialeah, -- 
542 (1993); id., at 558 (Scalia, J., concurring in part and
concurring in judgment). In this case, however, the re-
marks were made in a very different context -- by an adju-
dicatory body deciding a particular case.
Another indication of hostility is the difference in treat-
ment between Phillips' case and the cases of other bakers
who objected to a requested cake on the basis of conscience
and prevailed before the Commission.
As noted above, on at least three other occasions the
Civil Rights Division considered the refusal of bakers to
create cakes with images that conveyed disapproval of
same-sex marriage, along with religious text. Each time,
the Division found that the baker acted lawfully in refus-
ing service. It made these determinations because, in the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 15

Opinion of the Court

words of the Division, the requested cake included "word-
ing and images [the baker] deemed derogatory," Jack v.
Gateaux, Ltd., Charge No. P20140071X, at 4; featured
"language and images [the baker] deemed hateful," Jack v.
Le Bakery Sensual, Inc., Charge No. P20140070X, at 4; or
displayed a message the baker "deemed as discriminatory,
Jack v. Azucar Bakery, Charge No. P20140069X, at 4.
The treatment of the conscience-based objections at
issue in these three cases contrasts with the Commission's
treatment of Phillips' objection. The Commission ruled
against Phillips in part on the theory that any message
the requested wedding cake would carry would be at-
tributed to the customer, not to the baker. Yet the Divi-
sion did not address this point in any of the other cases
with respect to the cakes depicting anti-gay marriage
symbolism. Additionally, the Division found no violation
of CADA in the other cases in part because each bakery
was willing to sell other products, including those depict-
ing Christian themes, to the prospective customers. But
the Commission dismissed Phillips' willingness to sell
"birthday cakes, shower cakes, [and] cookies and brown-
ies," App. 152, to gay and lesbian customers as irrelevant.
The treatment of the other cases and Phillips' case could
reasonably be interpreted as being inconsistent as to the
question of whether speech is involved, quite apart from
whether the cases should ultimately be distinguished. In
short, the Commission's consideration of Phillips' religious
objection did not accord with its treatment of these other
objections.
Before the Colorado Court of Appeals, Phillips protested
that this disparity in treatment reflected hostility on the
part of the Commission toward his beliefs. He argued that
the Commission had treated the other bakers' conscience-
based objections as legitimate, but treated his as illegiti-
mate -- thus sitting in judgment of his religious beliefs
themselves. The Court of Appeals addressed the disparity
16 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

only in passing and relegated its complete analysis of the
issue to a footnote. There, the court stated that "[t]his
case is distinguishable from the Colorado Civil Rights
Division's recent findings that [the other bakeries] in
Denver did not discriminate against a Christian patron on
the basis of his creed" when they refused to create the
requested cakes. 370 P. 3d, at 282,. In those cases,
the court continued, there was no impermissible discrimi-
nation because "the Division found that the bakeries...
refuse[d] the patron's request... because of the offensive
nature of the requested message." Ibid.
A principled rationale for the difference in treatment of
these two instances cannot be based on the government's
own assessment of offensiveness. Just as "no official, high
or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics,
nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion," West
Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943),
it is not, as the Court has repeatedly held, the role of the
State or its officials to prescribe what shall be offensive.
See Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2017) (opinion of
ALITO, J.) ( -- 23). The Colorado court's at-
tempt to account for the difference in treatment elevates
one view of what is offensive over another and itself sends
a signal of official disapproval of Phillips' religious beliefs.
The court's footnote does not, therefore, answer the
baker's concern that the State's practice was to disfavor
the religious basis of his objection.
C
For the reasons just described, the Commission's treat-
ment of Phillips' case violated the State's duty under the
First Amendment not to base laws or regulations on hos-
tility to a religion or religious viewpoint.
In Church of Lukumi Babalu Aye, supra, the Court
made clear that the government, if it is to respect the
Constitution's guarantee of free exercise, cannot impose
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 17

Opinion of the Court

regulations that are hostile to the religious beliefs of af-
fected citizens and cannot act in a manner that passes
judgment upon or presupposes the illegitimacy of religious
beliefs and practices. The Free Exercise Clause bars even
"subtle departures from neutrality" on matters of religion.
Id., at 534. Here, that means the Commission was obliged
under the Free Exercise Clause to proceed in a manner
neutral toward and tolerant of Phillips' religious beliefs.
The Constitution "commits government itself to religious
tolerance, and upon even slight suspicion that proposals
for state intervention stem from animosity to religion or
distrust of its practices, all officials must pause to remem-
ber their own high duty to the Constitution and to the
rights it secures." Id., at 547.
Factors relevant to the assessment of governmental
neutrality include "the historical background of the deci-
sion under challenge, the specific series of events leading
to the enactment or official policy in question, and the
legislative or administrative history, including contempo-
raneous statements made by members of the decisionmak-
ing body." Id., at 540. In view of these factors the record
here demonstrates that the Commission's consideration of
Phillips' case was neither tolerant nor respectful of Phil-
lips' religious beliefs. The Commission gave "every ap-
pearance," id., at 545, of adjudicating Phillips' religious
objection based on a negative normative "evaluation of the
particular justification" for his objection and the religious
grounds for it. Id., at 537. It hardly requires restating
that government has no role in deciding or even suggest-
ing whether the religious ground for Phillips' conscience-
based objection is legitimate or illegitimate. On these
facts, the Court must draw the inference that Phillips'
religious objection was not considered with the neutrality
that the Free Exercise Clause requires.
While the issues here are difficult to resolve, it must be
concluded that the State's interest could have been
18 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

weighed against Phillips' sincere religious objections in a
way consistent with the requisite religious neutrality that
must be strictly observed. The official expressions of
hostility to religion in some of the commissioners' com-
ments -- comments that were not disavowed at the Com-
mission or by the State at any point in the proceedings
that led to affirmance of the order -- were inconsistent with
what the Free Exercise Clause requires. The Commis-
sion's disparate consideration of Phillips' case compared to
the cases of the other bakers suggests the same. For these
reasons, the order must be set aside.
III
The Commission's hostility was inconsistent with the
First Amendment's guarantee that our laws be applied in
a manner that is neutral toward religion. Phillips was
entitled to a neutral decisionmaker who would give full
and fair consideration to his religious objection as he
sought to assert it in all of the circumstances in which this
case was presented, considered, and decided. In this case
the adjudication concerned a context that may well be
different going forward in the respects noted above. How-
ever later cases raising these or similar concerns are
resolved in the future, for these reasons the rulings of the
Commission and of the state court that enforced the
Commission's order must be invalidated.
The outcome of cases like this in other circumstances
must await further elaboration in the courts, all in the
context of recognizing that these disputes must be re-
solved with tolerance, without undue disrespect to sincere
religious beliefs, and without subjecting gay persons to
indignities when they seek goods and services in an open
market.
The judgment of the Colorado Court of Appeals is re-
versed.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

KAGAN, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE BREYER joins,
concurring.
"[I]t is a general rule that [religious and philosophical]
objections do not allow business owners and other actors
in the economy and in society to deny protected persons
equal access to goods and services under a neutral and
generally applicable public accommodations law." Ante, at
9. But in upholding that principle, state actors cannot
show hostility to religious views; rather, they must give
those views "neutral and respectful consideration." Ante,
at 12. I join the Court's opinion in full because I believe
the Colorado Civil Rights Commission did not satisfy that
obligation. I write separately to elaborate on one of the
bases for the Court's holding.
The Court partly relies on the "disparate consideration
of Phillips' case compared to the cases of [three] other
bakers" who "objected to a requested cake on the basis of
conscience." Ante, at 14, 18. In the latter cases, a customer
named William Jack sought "cakes with images that
conveyed disapproval of same-sex marriage, along with
religious text"; the bakers whom he approached refused to
make them. Ante, at 15; see post, at 3 (GINSBURG, J.,
dissenting) (further describing the requested cakes).
Those bakers prevailed before the Colorado Civil Rights
Division and Commission, while Phillips -- who objected for
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

KAGAN, J., concurring

religious reasons to baking a wedding cake for a same-sex
couple -- did not. The Court finds that the legal reasoning
of the state agencies differed in significant ways as be-
tween the Jack cases and the Phillips case. See ante, at
15. And the Court takes especial note of the suggestion
made by the Colorado Court of Appeals, in comparing
those cases, that the state agencies found the message
Jack requested "offensive [in] nature." Ante, at 16 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). As the Court states, a
"principled rationale for the difference in treatment" can-
not be "based on the government's own assessment of
offensiveness." Ibid.
What makes the state agencies' consideration yet more
disquieting is that a proper basis for distinguishing the
cases was available -- in fact, was obvious. The Colorado
Anti-Discrimination Act (CADA) makes it unlawful for a
place of public accommodation to deny "the full and equal
enjoyment" of goods and services to individuals based on
certain characteristics, including sexual orientation and
creed. Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 34 -- 601(2)(a) (2017). The three
bakers in the Jack cases did not violate that law. Jack
requested them to make a cake (one denigrating gay peo-
ple and same-sex marriage) that they would not have
made for any customer. In refusing that request, the
bakers did not single out Jack because of his religion, but
instead treated him in the same way they would have
treated anyone else -- just as CADA requires. By contrast,
the same-sex couple in this case requested a wedding cake
that Phillips would have made for an opposite-sex couple.
In refusing that request, Phillips contravened CADA's
demand that customers receive "the full and equal enjoy-
ment" of public accommodations irrespective of their
sexual orientation. Ibid. The different outcomes in the
Jack cases and the Phillips case could thus have been
justified by a plain reading and neutral application of
Colorado law -- untainted by any bias against a religious
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

KAGAN, J., concurring

belief.*
I read the Court's opinion as fully consistent with that
view. The Court limits its analysis to the reasoning of the
state agencies (and Court of Appeals) -- "quite apart from
whether the [Phillips and Jack] cases should ultimately be
distinguished." Ante, at 15. And the Court itself recognizes
the principle that would properly account for a difference
in result between those cases. Colorado law, the Court
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* JUSTICE GORSUCH disagrees. In his view, the Jack cases and the
Phillips case must be treated the same because the bakers in all those
cases "would not sell the requested cakes to anyone." Post, at 4. That
description perfectly fits the Jack cases -- and explains why the bakers
there did not engage in unlawful discrimination. But it is a surprising
characterization of the Phillips case, given that Phillips routinely sells
wedding cakes to opposite-sex couples. JUSTICE GORSUCH can make the
claim only because he does not think a "wedding cake" is the relevant
product. As JUSTICE GORSUCH sees it, the product that Phillips refused
to sell here -- and would refuse to sell to anyone -- was a "cake celebrat-
ing same-sex marriage." Ibid.; see post, at 3, 6, 8 -- 9. But that is wrong.
The cake requested was not a special "cake celebrating same-sex
marriage." It was simply a wedding cake -- one that (like other stand-
ard wedding cakes) is suitable for use at same-sex and opposite-sex
weddings alike. See ante, at 4 (majority opinion) (recounting that
Phillips did not so much as discuss the cake's design before he refused
to make it). And contrary to JUSTICE GORSUCH'S view, a wedding cake
does not become something different whenever a vendor like Phillips
invests its sale to particular customers with "religious significance."
Post, at 11. As this Court has long held, and reaffirms today, a vendor
cannot escape a public accommodations law because his religion disap-
proves selling a product to a group of customers, whether defined by
sexual orientation, race, sex, or other protected trait. See Newman v.
Piggie Park Enterprises, Inc., (1968) (per
curiam) (holding that a barbeque vendor must serve black customers
even if he perceives such service as vindicating racial equality, in
violation of his religious beliefs); ante, at 9. A vendor can choose the
products he sells, but not the customers he serves -- no matter the
reason. Phillips sells wedding cakes. As to that product, he unlawfully
discriminates: He sells it to opposite-sex but not to same-sex couples.
And on that basis -- which has nothing to do with Phillips' religious
beliefs -- Colorado could have distinguished Phillips from the bakers in
the Jack cases, who did not engage in any prohibited discrimination.
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

KAGAN, J., concurring

says, "can protect gay persons, just as it can protect other
classes of individuals, in acquiring whatever products and
services they choose on the same terms and conditions as
are offered to other members of the public." Ante, at 10.
For that reason, Colorado can treat a baker who discrimi-
nates based on sexual orientation differently from a baker
who does not discriminate on that or any other prohibited
ground. But only, as the Court rightly says, if the State's
decisions are not infected by religious hostility or bias. I
accordingly concur.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

GORSUCH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE ALITO joins,
concurring.
In Employment Div., Dept. of Human Resources of Ore.
v. Smith, this Court held that a neutral and generally
applicable law will usually survive a constitutional free
exercise challenge. -- 879 (1990). Smith
remains controversial in many quarters. Compare
McConnell, The Origins and Historical Understanding of
Free Exercise of Religion, 103 Harv. L. Rev. 1409 (1990),
with Hamburger, A Constitutional Right of Religious
Exemption: An Historical Perspective, 60 Geo. Wash. L.
Rev. 915 (1992). But we know this with certainty: when
the government fails to act neutrally toward the free
exercise of religion, it tends to run into trouble. Then the
government can prevail only if it satisfies strict scrutiny,
showing that its restrictions on religion both serve a com-
pelling interest and are narrowly tailored. Church of
Lukumi Babalu Aye, Inc. v. Hialeah, 
(1993).
Today's decision respects these principles. As the Court
explains, the Colorado Civil Rights Commission failed to
act neutrally toward Jack Phillips's religious faith. Maybe
most notably, the Commission allowed three other bakers
to refuse a customer's request that would have required
them to violate their secular commitments. Yet it denied
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

the same accommodation to Mr. Phillips when he refused
a customer's request that would have required him to
violate his religious beliefs. Ante, at 14 -- 16. As the Court
also explains, the only reason the Commission seemed to
supply for its discrimination was that it found Mr. Phil-
lips's religious beliefs "offensive." Ibid. That kind of
judgmental dismissal of a sincerely held religious belief is,
of course, antithetical to the First Amendment and cannot
begin to satisfy strict scrutiny. The Constitution protects
not just popular religious exercises from the condemnation
of civil authorities. It protects them all. Because the
Court documents each of these points carefully and thor-
oughly, I am pleased to join its opinion in full.
The only wrinkle is this. In the face of so much evidence
suggesting hostility toward Mr. Phillips's sincerely held
religious beliefs, two of our colleagues have written sepa-
rately to suggest that the Commission acted neutrally
toward his faith when it treated him differently from the
other bakers -- or that it could have easily done so con-
sistent with the First Amendment. See post, at 4 -- 5, and
(GINSBURG, J., dissenting); ante, at 2 -- 3, and n.
(KAGAN, J., concurring). But, respectfully, I do not see
how we might rescue the Commission from its error.
A full view of the facts helps point the way to the prob-
lem. Start with William Jack's case. He approached three
bakers and asked them to prepare cakes with messages
disapproving same-sex marriage on religious grounds.
App. 233, 243, 252. All three bakers refused Mr. Jack's
request, stating that they found his request offensive to
their secular convictions. Id., at 231, 241, 250. Mr. Jack
responded by filing complaints with the Colorado Civil
Rights Division. Id., at 230, 240, 249. He pointed to
Colorado's Anti-Discrimination Act, which prohibits dis-
crimination against customers in public accommodations
because of religious creed, sexual orientation, or certain
other traits. See ibid.; Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 34 -- 601(2)(a)
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

GORSUCH, J., concurring

(2017). Mr. Jack argued that the cakes he sought reflected
his religious beliefs and that the bakers could not refuse to
make them just because they happened to disagree with
his beliefs. App. 231, 241, 250. But the Division declined
to find a violation, reasoning that the bakers didn't deny
Mr. Jack service because of his religious faith but because
the cakes he sought were offensive to their own moral
convictions. Id., at 237, 247, 255 -- 256. As proof, the Divi-
sion pointed to the fact that the bakers said they treated
Mr. Jack as they would have anyone who requested a cake
with similar messages, regardless of their religion. Id., at
230 -- 231, 240, 249. The Division pointed, as well, to the
fact that the bakers said they were happy to provide reli-
gious persons with other cakes expressing other ideas. Id.,
at 237, 247, 257. Mr. Jack appealed to the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission, but the Commission summarily de-
nied relief. App. to Pet. for Cert. 326a -- 331a.
Next, take the undisputed facts of Mr. Phillips's case.
Charlie Craig and Dave Mullins approached Mr. Phillips
about creating a cake to celebrate their wedding. App.
168. Mr. Phillips explained that he could not prepare a
cake celebrating a same-sex wedding consistent with his
religious faith. Id., at 168 -- 169. But Mr. Phillips offered
to make other baked goods for the couple, including cakes
celebrating other occasions. Ibid. Later, Mr. Phillips
testified without contradiction that he would have refused
to create a cake celebrating a same-sex marriage for any
customer, regardless of his or her sexual orientation. Id.,
at 166 -- 167 ("I will not design and create wedding cakes
for a same-sex wedding regardless of the sexual orienta-
tion of the customer"). And the record reveals that Mr.
Phillips apparently refused just such a request from Mr.
Craig's mother. Id., at 38 -- 40, 169. (Any suggestion that
Mr. Phillips was willing to make a cake celebrating a
same-sex marriage for a heterosexual customer or was not
willing to sell other products to a homosexual customer,
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

then, would simply mistake the undisputed factual record.
See post, at 4, (GINSBURG, J., dissenting); ante, at 2 -- 3,
and n. (KAGAN, J., concurring)). Nonetheless, the Com-
mission held that Mr. Phillips's conduct violated the Colo-
rado public accommodations law. App. to Pet. for Cert.
56a -- 58a.
The facts show that the two cases share all legally sa-
lient features. In both cases, the effect on the customer was
the same: bakers refused service to persons who bore a
statutorily protected trait (religious faith or sexual orien-
tation). But in both cases the bakers refused service
intending only to honor a personal conviction. To be sure,
the bakers knew their conduct promised the effect of leav-
ing a customer in a protected class unserved. But there's
no indication the bakers actually intended to refuse ser-
vice because of a customer's protected characteristic. We
know this because all of the bakers explained without
contradiction that they would not sell the requested cakes
to anyone, while they would sell other cakes to members of
the protected class (as well as to anyone else). So, for
example, the bakers in the first case would have refused to
sell a cake denigrating same-sex marriage to an atheist
customer, just as the baker in the second case would have
refused to sell a cake celebrating same-sex marriage to a
heterosexual customer. And the bakers in the first case
were generally happy to sell to persons of faith, just as the
baker in the second case was generally happy to sell to gay
persons. In both cases, it was the kind of cake, not the
kind of customer, that mattered to the bakers.
The distinction between intended and knowingly accepted
effects is familiar in life and law. Often the purposeful
pursuit of worthy commitments requires us to accept
unwanted but entirely foreseeable side effects: so, for
example, choosing to spend time with family means the
foreseeable loss of time for charitable work, just as opting
for more time in the office means knowingly forgoing time
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

GORSUCH, J., concurring

at home with loved ones. The law, too, sometimes distin-
guishes between intended and foreseeable effects. See,
e.g., ALI, Model Penal Code.13, 2.02(2)(a)(i) (1985); 1
W. LaFave, Substantive Criminal Law.2(b), pp. 460 -- 
463 (3d ed. 2018). Other times, of course, the law proceeds
differently, either conflating intent and knowledge or
presuming intent as a matter of law from a showing of
knowledge. See, e.g., Restatement (Second) of Torts 
(1965); Radio Officers v. NLRB, (1954).
The problem here is that the Commission failed to act
neutrally by applying a consistent legal rule. In Mr.
Jack's case, the Commission chose to distinguish carefully
between intended and knowingly accepted effects. Even
though the bakers knowingly denied service to someone in
a protected class, the Commission found no violation
because the bakers only intended to distance themselves
from "the offensive nature of the requested message."
Craig v. Masterpiece Cakeshop, Inc., 370 P. 3d 272, 282,
(Colo. App. 2015); App. 237, 247, 256; App. to Pet. for
Cert. 326a -- 331a; see also Brief for Respondent Colorado
Civil Rights Commission 52 ("Businesses are entitled to
reject orders for any number of reasons, including because
they deem a particular product requested by a customer to
be 'offensive' "). Yet, in Mr. Phillips's case, the Commis-
sion dismissed this very same argument as resting on a
"distinction without a difference." App. to Pet. for Cert.
69a. It concluded instead that an "intent to disfavor" a
protected class of persons should be "readily... pre-
sumed" from the knowing failure to serve someone who
belongs to that class. Id., at 70a. In its judgment, Mr.
Phillips's intentions were "inextricably tied to the sexual
orientation of the parties involved" and essentially "irra-
tional." Ibid.
Nothing in the Commission's opinions suggests any
neutral principle to reconcile these holdings. If Mr. Phil-
lips's objection is "inextricably tied" to a protected class,
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

then the bakers' objection in Mr. Jack's case must be
"inextricably tied" to one as well. For just as cakes cele-
brating same-sex weddings are (usually) requested by
persons of a particular sexual orientation, so too are cakes
expressing religious opposition to same-sex weddings
(usually) requested by persons of particular religious
faiths. In both cases the bakers' objection would (usually)
result in turning down customers who bear a protected
characteristic. In the end, the Commission's decisions
simply reduce to this: it presumed that Mr. Phillip har-
bored an intent to discriminate against a protected class in
light of the foreseeable effects of his conduct, but it de-
clined to presume the same intent in Mr. Jack's case even
though the effects of the bakers' conduct were just as
foreseeable. Underscoring the double standard, a state
appellate court said that "no such showing" of actual
"animus" -- or intent to discriminate against persons in a
protected class -- was even required in Mr. Phillips's case.
370 P. 3d, at 282.
The Commission cannot have it both ways. The Com-
mission cannot slide up and down the mens rea scale,
picking a mental state standard to suit its tastes depend-
ing on its sympathies. Either actual proof of intent to
discriminate on the basis of membership in a protected
class is required (as the Commission held in Mr. Jack's
case), or it is sufficient to "presume" such intent from the
knowing failure to serve someone in a protected class (as
the Commission held in Mr. Phillips's case). Perhaps the
Commission could have chosen either course as an initial
matter. But the one thing it can't do is apply a more
generous legal test to secular objections than religious
ones. See Church of Lukumi Babalu Aye, 508 U. S., at
543 -- 544. That is anything but the neutral treatment of
religion.
The real explanation for the Commission's discrimina-
tion soon comes clear, too -- and it does anything but help
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

GORSUCH, J., concurring

its cause. This isn't a case where the Commission self-
consciously announced a change in its legal rule in all
public accommodation cases. Nor is this a case where the
Commission offered some persuasive reason for its dis-
crimination that might survive strict scrutiny. Instead, as
the Court explains, it appears the Commission wished to
condemn Mr. Phillips for expressing just the kind of "irra-
tional" or "offensive... message" that the bakers in the
first case refused to endorse. Ante, at 16. Many may
agree with the Commission and consider Mr. Phillips's
religious beliefs irrational or offensive. Some may believe
he misinterprets the teachings of his faith. And, to be
sure, this Court has held same-sex marriage a matter of
constitutional right and various States have enacted laws
that preclude discrimination on the basis of sexual orien-
tation. But it is also true that no bureaucratic judgment
condemning a sincerely held religious belief as "irrational"
or "offensive" will ever survive strict scrutiny under the
First Amendment. In this country, the place of secular
officials isn't to sit in judgment of religious beliefs, but
only to protect their free exercise. Just as it is the "proud-
est boast of our free speech jurisprudence" that we protect
speech that we hate, it must be the proudest boast of our
free exercise jurisprudence that we protect religious be-
liefs that we find offensive. See Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S.
___, ___ (2017) (plurality opinion) 
(Holmes, J., dissenting)). Popular religious views are easy
enough to defend. It is in protecting unpopular religious
beliefs that we prove this country's commitment to serving
as a refuge for religious freedom. See Church of Lukumi
Babalu Aye, supra, at 547; Thomas v. Review Bd. of Indi-
ana Employment Security Div., -- 716
(1981); Wisconsin v. Yoder, -- 224 (1972);
Cantwell v. Connecticut, -- 310 (1940).
Nor can any amount of after-the-fact maneuvering by
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

our colleagues save the Commission. It is no answer, for
example, to observe that Mr. Jack requested a cake with
text on it while Mr. Craig and Mr. Mullins sought a cake
celebrating their wedding without discussing its decora-
tion, and then suggest this distinction makes all the dif-
ference. See post, at 4 -- 5, and (GINSBURG, J., dissent-
ing). It is no answer either simply to slide up a level of
generality to redescribe Mr. Phillips's case as involving
only a wedding cake like any other, so the fact that Mr.
Phillips would make one for some means he must make
them for all. See ante, at 2 -- 3, and n. (KAGAN, J., concur-
ring). These arguments, too, fail to afford Mr. Phillips's
faith neutral respect.
Take the first suggestion first. To suggest that cakes
with words convey a message but cakes without words do
not -- all in order to excuse the bakers in Mr. Jack's case
while penalizing Mr. Phillips -- is irrational. Not even the
Commission or court of appeals purported to rely on that
distinction. Imagine Mr. Jack asked only for a cake with a
symbolic expression against same-sex marriage rather
than a cake bearing words conveying the same idea.
Surely the Commission would have approved the bakers'
intentional wish to avoid participating in that message
too. Nor can anyone reasonably doubt that a wedding
cake without words conveys a message. Words or not and
whatever the exact design, it celebrates a wedding, and if
the wedding cake is made for a same-sex couple it cele-
brates a same-sex wedding. See 370 P. 3d, at 276 (stating
that Mr. Craig and Mr. Mullins "requested that Phillips
design and create a cake to celebrate their same-sex wed-
ding"). Like "an emblem or flag," a cake
for a same-sex wedding is a symbol that serves as "a short
cut from mind to mind," signifying approval of a specific
"system, idea, [or] institution." West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v.
Barnette, (1943). It is precisely that
approval that Mr. Phillips intended to withhold in keeping
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

GORSUCH, J., concurring

with his religious faith. The Commission denied Mr.
Phillips that choice, even as it afforded the bakers in Mr.
Jack's case the choice to refuse to advance a message they
deemed offensive to their secular commitments. That is
not neutral.
Nor would it be proper for this or any court to suggest
that a person must be forced to write words rather than
create a symbol before his religious faith is implicated.
Civil authorities, whether "high or petty," bear no license
to declare what is or should be "orthodox" when it comes to
religious beliefs, id., at 642, or whether an adherent has
"correctly perceived" the commands of his religion, Thomas,
supra, at 716. Instead, it is our job to look beyond the
formality of written words and afford legal protection to
any sincere act of faith. See generally Hurley v. Irish-
American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston,
Inc., (1995) ("[T]he Constitution looks
beyond written or spoken words as mediums of ex-
pression," which are "not a condition of constitutional
protection").
The second suggestion fares no better. Suggesting that
this case is only about "wedding cakes" -- and not a wed-
ding cake celebrating a same-sex wedding -- actually points
up the problem. At its most general level, the cake at
issue in Mr. Phillips's case was just a mixture of flour and
eggs; at its most specific level, it was a cake celebrating
the same-sex wedding of Mr. Craig and Mr. Mullins. We
are told here, however, to apply a sort of Goldilocks rule:
describing the cake by its ingredients is too general; un-
derstanding it as celebrating a same-sex wedding is too
specific; but regarding it as a generic wedding cake is just
right. The problem is, the Commission didn't play with
the level of generality in Mr. Jack's case in this way. It
didn't declare, for example, that because the cakes Mr.
Jack requested were just cakes about weddings generally,
and all such cakes were the same, the bakers had to pro-
10 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

duce them. Instead, the Commission accepted the bakers'
view that the specific cakes Mr. Jack requested conveyed a
message offensive to their convictions and allowed them to
refuse service. Having done that there, it must do the
same here.
Any other conclusion would invite civil authorities to
gerrymander their inquiries based on the parties they
prefer. Why calibrate the level of generality in Mr. Phil-
lips's case at "wedding cakes" exactly -- and not at, say,
"cakes" more generally or "cakes that convey a message
regarding same-sex marriage" more specifically? If
"cakes" were the relevant level of generality, the Commis-
sion would have to order the bakers to make Mr. Jack's
requested cakes just as it ordered Mr. Phillips to make the
requested cake in his case. Conversely, if "cakes that
convey a message regarding same-sex marriage" were the
relevant level of generality, the Commission would have to
respect Mr. Phillips's refusal to make the requested cake
just as it respected the bakers' refusal to make the cakes
Mr. Jack requested. In short, when the same level of
generality is applied to both cases, it is no surprise that
the bakers have to be treated the same. Only by adjusting
the dials just right -- fine-tuning the level of generality up
or down for each case based solely on the identity of the
parties and the substance of their views -- can you engi-
neer the Commission's outcome, handing a win to Mr.
Jack's bakers but delivering a loss to Mr. Phillips. Such
results-driven reasoning is improper. Neither the Com-
mission nor this Court may apply a more specific level of
generality in Mr. Jack's case (a cake that conveys a mes-
sage regarding same-sex marriage) while applying a higher
level of generality in Mr. Phillips's case (a cake that
conveys no message regarding same-sex marriage). Of
course, under Smith a vendor cannot escape a public
accommodations law just because his religion frowns on it.
But for any law to comply with the First Amendment and
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

GORSUCH, J., concurring

Smith, it must be applied in a manner that treats religion
with neutral respect. That means the government must
apply the same level of generality across cases -- and that
did not happen here.
There is another problem with sliding up the generality
scale: it risks denying constitutional protection to religious
beliefs that draw distinctions more specific than the gov-
ernment's preferred level of description. To some, all
wedding cakes may appear indistinguishable. But to Mr.
Phillips that is not the case -- his faith teaches him other-
wise. And his religious beliefs are entitled to no less
respectful treatment than the bakers' secular beliefs in
Mr. Jack's case. This Court has explained these same
points "[r]epeatedly and in many different contexts" over
many years. Smith, 494 U. S. at 887. For example, in
Thomas a faithful Jehovah's Witness and steel mill worker
agreed to help manufacture sheet steel he knew might
find its way into armaments, but he was unwilling to work
on a fabrication line producing tank turrets. 450 U. S., at
711. Of course, the line Mr. Thomas drew wasn't the same
many others would draw and it wasn't even the same line
many other members of the same faith would draw. Even
so, the Court didn't try to suggest that making steel is just
making steel. Or that to offend his religion the steel
needed to be of a particular kind or shape. Instead, it
recognized that Mr. Thomas alone was entitled to define
the nature of his religious commitments -- and that those
commitments, as defined by the faithful adherent, not a
bureaucrat or judge, are entitled to protection under the
First Amendment. Id., at 714 -- 716; see also United States
v. Lee, -- 255 (1982); Smith, supra, at 887
(collecting authorities). It is no more appropriate for the
United States Supreme Court to tell Mr. Phillips that a
wedding cake is just like any other -- without regard to the
religious significance his faith may attach to it -- than it
would be for the Court to suggest that for all persons
12 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

sacramental bread is just bread or a kippah is just a cap.
Only one way forward now remains. Having failed to
afford Mr. Phillips's religious objections neutral considera-
tion and without any compelling reason for its failure, the
Commission must afford him the same result it afforded
the bakers in Mr. Jack's case. The Court recognizes this
by reversing the judgment below and holding that the
Commission's order "must be set aside." Ante, at 18.
Maybe in some future rulemaking or case the Commission
could adopt a new "knowing" standard for all refusals of
service and offer neutral reasons for doing so. But, as the
Court observes, "[h]owever later cases raising these or
similar concerns are resolved in the future,... the rulings
of the Commission and of the state court that enforced the
Commission's order" in this case "must be invalidated."
Ibid. Mr. Phillips has conclusively proven a First
Amendment violation and, after almost six years facing
unlawful civil charges, he is entitled to judgment.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring in part and concurring in the judgment.
I agree that the Colorado Civil Rights Commission
(Commission) violated Jack Phillips' right to freely exer­
cise his religion. As JUSTICE GORSUCH explains, the
Commission treated Phillips' case differently from a simi­
lar case involving three other bakers, for reasons that can
only be explained by hostility toward Phillips' religion.
See ante, at 2 -- 7 (concurring opinion). The Court agrees
that the Commission treated Phillips differently, and it
points out that some of the Commissioners made com­
ments disparaging Phillips' religion. See ante, at 12 -- 16.
Although the Commissioners' comments are certainly
disturbing, the discriminatory application of Colorado's
public-accommodations law is enough on its own to violate
Phillips' rights. To the extent the Court agrees, I join its
opinion.
While Phillips rightly prevails on his free-exercise claim,
I write separately to address his free-speech claim. The
Court does not address this claim because it has some
uncertainties about the record. See ante, at 2. Specifically,
the parties dispute whether Phillips refused to create a
custom wedding cake for the individual respondents, or
whether he refused to sell them any wedding cake (includ­
ing a premade one). But the Colorado Court of Appeals
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

resolved this factual dispute in Phillips' favor. The court
described his conduct as a refusal to "design and create a
cake to celebrate [a] same-sex wedding." Craig v. Master-
piece Cakeshop, Inc., 370 P. 3d 272, 276 (2015); see also
id., at 286 ("designing and selling a wedding cake"); id., at
283 ("refusing to create a wedding cake"). And it noted
that the Commission's order required Phillips to sell " 'any
product [he] would sell to heterosexual couples,' " including
custom wedding cakes. Id., at 286.
Even after describing his conduct this way, the Court of
Appeals concluded that Phillips' conduct was not expres­
sive and was not protected speech. It reasoned that an
outside observer would think that Phillips was merely
complying with Colorado's public-accommodations law, not
expressing a message, and that Phillips could post a dis­
claimer to that effect. This reasoning flouts bedrock prin­
ciples of our free-speech jurisprudence and would justify
virtually any law that compels individuals to speak. It
should not pass without comment.
I
The First Amendment, applicable to the States through
the Fourteenth Amendment, prohibits state laws that
abridge the "freedom of speech." When interpreting this
command, this Court has distinguished between regula­
tions of speech and regulations of conduct. The latter
generally do not abridge the freedom of speech, even if
they impose "incidental burdens" on expression. Sorrell v.
IMS Health Inc., (2011). As the Court
explains today, public-accommodations laws usually regu­
late conduct. Ante, at 9 -- 10 ). "[A]s a general matter,"
public-accommodations laws do not "target speech" but
instead prohibit "the act of discriminating against individ­
uals in the provision of publicly available goods, privileges,
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

and services." Id., at 572.
Although public-accommodations laws generally regu­
late conduct, particular applications of them can burden
protected speech. When a public-accommodations law
"ha[s] the effect of declaring... speech itself to be the
public accommodation," the First Amendment applies with
full force. Id., at 573; accord, Boy Scouts of America v.
Dale, -- 659 (2000). In Hurley, for exam­
ple, a Massachusetts public-accommodations law prohib-
ited " 'any distinction, discrimination or restriction on ac­
count of... sexual orientation... relative to the admis­
sion of any person to, or treatment in any place of public
accommodation.' " 515 U. S., at 561 ; ellipsis in original). When this law
required the sponsor of a St. Patrick's Day parade to
include a parade unit of gay, lesbian, and bisexual Irish-
Americans, the Court unanimously held that the law
violated the sponsor's right to free speech. Parades are "a
form of expression," this Court explained, and the applica­
tion of the public-accommodations law "alter[ed] the ex­
pressive content" of the parade by forcing the sponsor to
add a new unit. 515 U. S., at 568, 572 -- 573. The addition
of that unit compelled the organizer to "bear witness to the
fact that some Irish are gay, lesbian, or bisexual"; "suggest... that people of their sexual orientation have as much
claim to unqualified social acceptance as heterosexuals";
and imply that their participation "merits celebration."
Id., at 574. While this Court acknowledged that the unit's
exclusion might have been "misguided, or even hurtful,"
ibid., it rejected the notion that governments can mandate
"thoughts and statements acceptable to some groups or,
indeed, all people" as the "antithesis" of free speech, id., at
579; accord, Dale, supra, at 660 -- 661.
The parade in Hurley was an example of what this
Court has termed "expressive conduct." See 515 U. S., at
568 -- 569. This Court has long held that "the Constitution
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

looks beyond written or spoken words as mediums of
expression," id., at 569, and that "[s]ymbolism is a primi­
tive but effective way of communicating ideas," West Vir-
ginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943).
Thus, a person's "conduct may be 'sufficiently imbued with
elements of communication to fall within the scope of the
First and Fourteenth Amendments.' " Texas v. Johnson,
(1989). Applying this principle, the
Court has recognized a wide array of conduct that can
qualify as expressive, including nude dancing, burning the
American flag, flying an upside-down American flag with
a taped-on peace sign, wearing a military uniform, wear­
ing a black armband, conducting a silent sit-in, refusing to
salute the American flag, and flying a plain red flag.1
Of course, conduct does not qualify as protected speech
simply because "the person engaging in [it] intends thereby
to express an idea." United States v. O'Brien, (1968). To determine whether conduct is suffi­
ciently expressive, the Court asks whether it was "intended
to be communicative" and, "in context, would reasona-
bly be understood by the viewer to be communicative."
Clark v. Community for Creative Non-Violence, (1984). But a " 'particularized message' " is not
required, or else the freedom of speech "would never reach
the unquestionably shielded painting of Jackson Pollock,
music of Arnold Schöenberg, or Jabberwocky verse of
Lewis Carroll." Hurley, 515 U. S., at 569.
Once a court concludes that conduct is expressive, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Barnes
v. Glen Theatre, Inc., -- 566 (1991); Texas v.
Johnson, -- 406 (1989); Spence v. Washington, 409 -- 411 (1974) (per curiam); Schacht v. United States,
-- 63 (1970); Tinker v. Des Moines Independent Commu-
nity School Dist., -- 506 (1969); Brown v. Louisiana,
-- 142 (1966) (opinion of Fortas, J.); West Virginia Bd.
of Ed. v. Barnette, -- 634 (1943); Stromberg v. Califor-
nia, 369 (1931).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Constitution limits the government's authority to restrict
or compel it. "[O]ne important manifestation of the prin-
ciple of free speech is that one who chooses to speak may
also decide 'what not to say' " and "tailor" the content of his
message as he sees fit. Id., at 573 (plurality opinion)). This rule "applies not only to
expressions of value, opinion, or endorsement, but equally
to statements of fact the speaker would rather avoid."
Hurley, supra, at 573. And it "makes no difference"
whether the government is regulating the "creati[on],
distributi[on], or consum[ption]" of the speech. Brown v.
Entertainment Merchants Assn., (2011).
II

A

The conduct that the Colorado Court of Appeals ascribed
to Phillips -- creating and designing custom wedding
cakes -- is expressive. Phillips considers himself an artist.
The logo for Masterpiece Cakeshop is an artist's paint
palette with a paintbrush and baker's whisk. Behind the
counter Phillips has a picture that depicts him as an artist
painting on a canvas. Phillips takes exceptional care with
each cake that he creates -- sketching the design out on
paper, choosing the color scheme, creating the frosting and
decorations, baking and sculpting the cake, decorating it,
and delivering it to the wedding. Examples of his crea-
tions can be seen on Masterpiece's website. See
http://masterpiececakes.com/wedding-cakes (as last visited
June 1, 2018).
Phillips is an active participant in the wedding celebra-
tion. He sits down with each couple for a consultation
before he creates their custom wedding cake. He discusses
their preferences, their personalities, and the details of
their wedding to ensure that each cake reflects the couple
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

who ordered it. In addition to creating and delivering the
cake -- a focal point of the wedding celebration -- Phillips
sometimes stays and interacts with the guests at the
wedding. And the guests often recognize his creations and
seek his bakery out afterward. Phillips also sees the
inherent symbolism in wedding cakes. To him, a wedding
cake inherently communicates that "a wedding has oc­
curred, a marriage has begun, and the couple should be
celebrated." App. 162.
Wedding cakes do, in fact, communicate this message.
A tradition from Victorian England that made its way to
America after the Civil War, "[w]edding cakes are so
packed with symbolism that it is hard to know where to
begin." M. Krondl, Sweet Invention: A History of Dessert
321 (2011) (Krondl); see also ibid. (explaining the symbol­
ism behind the color, texture, flavor, and cutting of the
cake). If an average person walked into a room and saw a
white, multi-tiered cake, he would immediately know that
he had stumbled upon a wedding. The cake is "so stand­
ardised and inevitable a part of getting married that few
ever think to question it." Charsley, Interpretation and
Custom: The Case of the Wedding Cake, 22 Man 93, 95
(1987). Almost no wedding, no matter how spartan, is
missing the cake. See id., at 98. "A whole series of events
expected in the context of a wedding would be impossible
without it: an essential photograph, the cutting, the toast,
and the distribution of both cake and favours at the wed­
ding and afterwards." Ibid. Although the cake is eventu­
ally eaten, that is not its primary purpose. See id., at 95
("It is not unusual to hear people declaring that they do
not like wedding cake, meaning that they do not like to eat
it. This includes people who are, without question, having
such cakes for their weddings"); id., at 97 ("Nothing is
made of the eating itself "); Krondl 320 -- 321 (explaining
that wedding cakes have long been described as "inedi­
ble"). The cake's purpose is to mark the beginning of a
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

new marriage and to celebrate the couple.2
Accordingly, Phillips' creation of custom wedding cakes
is expressive. The use of his artistic talents to create a
well-recognized symbol that celebrates the beginning of a
marriage clearly communicates a message -- certainly
more so than nude dancing, Barnes v. Glen Theatre, Inc.,
-- 566 (1991), or flying a plain red flag,
Stromberg v. California, (1931).3 By
forcing Phillips to create custom wedding cakes for same­
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The Colorado Court of Appeals acknowledged that "a wedding cake,
in some circumstances, may convey a particularized message celebrat­
ing same-sex marriage," depending on its "design" and whether it has
"written inscriptions." Craig v. Masterpiece Cakeshop, Inc., 370 P. 3d
272, 288 (2015). But a wedding cake needs no particular design or
written words to communicate the basic message that a wedding is
occurring, a marriage has begun, and the couple should be celebrated.
Wedding cakes have long varied in color, decorations, and style, but
those differences do not prevent people from recognizing wedding cakes
as wedding cakes. See Charsley, Interpretation and Custom: The Case
of the Wedding Cake, 22 Man 93, 96 (1987). And regardless, the
Commission's order does not distinguish between plain wedding cakes
and wedding cakes with particular designs or inscriptions; it requires
Phillips to make any wedding cake for a same-sex wedding that he
would make for an opposite-sex wedding.
3 The dissent faults Phillips for not "submitting... evidence" that

wedding cakes communicate a message. Post, at 2, (opinion of
GINSBURG, J.). But this requirement finds no support in our prece­
dents. This Court did not insist that the parties submit evidence
detailing the expressive nature of parades, flags, or nude dancing. See
Hurley v. Irish-American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston,
Inc., -- 570 (1995); Spence, 418 U. S., at 410 -- 411;
Barnes, 501 U. S., at 565 -- 566. And we do not need extensive evidence
here to conclude that Phillips' artistry is expressive, see Hurley, 515
U. S., at 569, or that wedding cakes at least communicate the basic fact
that "this is a wedding," see id., at 573 -- 575. Nor does it matter that
the couple also communicates a message through the cake. More than
one person can be engaged in protected speech at the same time. See
id., at 569 -- 570. And by forcing him to provide the cake, Colorado is
requiring Phillips to be "intimately connected" with the couple's speech,
which is enough to implicate his First Amendment rights. See id., at
576.
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

sex weddings, Colorado's public-accommodations law
"alter[s] the expressive content" of his message. Hurley,
515 U. S., at 572. The meaning of expressive conduct, this
Court has explained, depends on "the context in which it
occur[s]." Johnson, 491 U. S., at 405. Forcing Phillips to
make custom wedding cakes for same-sex marriages re­
quires him to, at the very least, acknowledge that same-
sex weddings are "weddings" and suggest that they should
be celebrated -- the precise message he believes his faith
forbids. The First Amendment prohibits Colorado from
requiring Phillips to "bear witness to [these] fact[s],"
Hurley, 515 U. S., at 574, or to "affir[m]... a belief with
which [he] disagrees," id., at 573.
B
The Colorado Court of Appeals nevertheless concluded
that Phillips' conduct was "not sufficiently expressive" to
be protected from state compulsion. 370 P. 3d, at 283. It
noted that a reasonable observer would not view Phillips'
conduct as "an endorsement of same-sex marriage," but
rather as mere "compliance" with Colorado's public-
accommodations law. Id., at 286 -- 287 (FAIR); Rosenberger v. Rector and
Visitors of Univ. of Va., -- 842 (1995);
PruneYard Shopping Center v. Robins, -- 78
(1980)). It also emphasized that Masterpiece could "disas­
sociat[e]" itself from same-sex marriage by posting a "dis­
claimer" stating that Colorado law "requires it not to
discriminate" or that "the provision of its services does not
constitute an endorsement." 370 P. 3d, at 288. This rea­
soning is badly misguided.
1
The Colorado Court of Appeals was wrong to conclude
that Phillips' conduct was not expressive because a rea­
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

sonable observer would think he is merely complying with
Colorado's public-accommodations law. This argument
would justify any law that compelled protected speech.
And, this Court has never accepted it. From the begin­
ning, this Court's compelled-speech precedents have re­
jected arguments that "would resolve every issue of power
in favor of those in authority." Barnette, 319 U. S., at 636.
Hurley, for example, held that the application of Massa­
chusetts' public-accommodations law "requir[ed] [the
organizers] to alter the expressive content of their pa­
rade." 515 U. S., at 572 -- 573. It did not hold that reason­
able observers would view the organizers as merely com­
plying with Massachusetts' public-accommodations law.
The decisions that the Colorado Court of Appeals cited
for this proposition are far afield. It cited three decisions
where groups objected to being forced to provide a forum
for a third party's speech. See FAIR, supra, at 51 (law
school refused to allow military recruiters on campus);
Rosenberger, supra, at 822 -- 823 (public university refused
to provide funds to a religious student paper); PruneYard,
supra, at 77 (shopping center refused to allow individuals
to collect signatures on its property). In those decisions,
this Court rejected the argument that requiring the
groups to provide a forum for third-party speech also
required them to endorse that speech. See FAIR, supra, at
63 -- 65; Rosenberger, supra, at 841 -- 842; PruneYard, supra,
at 85 -- 88. But these decisions do not suggest that the
government can force speakers to alter their own message.
See Pacific Gas & Elec., 475 U. S., at 12 ("Notably absent
from PruneYard was any concern that access... might
affect the shopping center owner's exercise of his own
right to speak"); Hurley, supra, at 580 (similar).
The Colorado Court of Appeals also noted that Master­
piece is a "for-profit bakery" that "charges its customers."
370 P. 3d, at 287. But this Court has repeatedly rejected
the notion that a speaker's profit motive gives the gov­
10 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

ernment a freer hand in compelling speech. See Pacific
Gas & Elec., supra, at 8, 16 (collecting cases); Virginia Bd.
of Pharmacy v. Virginia Citizens Consumer Council, Inc.,
(1976) (deeming it "beyond serious
dispute" that "[s]peech... is protected even though it is
carried in a form that is 'sold' for profit"). Further, even
assuming that most for-profit companies prioritize maxim­
izing profits over communicating a message, that is not
true for Masterpiece Cakeshop. Phillips routinely sacri­
fices profits to ensure that Masterpiece operates in a way
that represents his Christian faith. He is not open on
Sundays, he pays his employees a higher-than-average
wage, and he loans them money in times of need. Phillips
also refuses to bake cakes containing alcohol, cakes with
racist or homophobic messages, cakes criticizing God, and
cakes celebrating Halloween -- even though Halloween is
one of the most lucrative seasons for bakeries. These
efforts to exercise control over the messages that Master­
piece sends are still more evidence that Phillips' conduct is
expressive. See Miami Herald Publishing Co. v. Tornillo,
-- 258 (1974); Walker v. Texas Div., Sons
of Confederate Veterans, Inc., 576 U. S. ___, ___ (2015).
2
The Colorado Court of Appeals also erred by suggesting
that Phillips could simply post a disclaimer, disassociating
Masterpiece from any support for same-sex marriage.
Again, this argument would justify any law compelling
speech. And again, this Court has rejected it. We have
described similar arguments as "beg[ging] the core ques­
tion." Tornillo, supra, at 256. Because the government
cannot compel speech, it also cannot "require speakers to
affirm in one breath that which they deny in the next."
Pacific Gas & Elec., 475 U. S., at 16; see also id., at 15,
11

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

curring in part and concurring in judgment)). States
cannot put individuals to the choice of "be[ing] compelled
to affirm someone else's belief " or "be[ing] forced to speak
when [they] would prefer to remain silent." Id., at 99.
III
Because Phillips' conduct (as described by the Colorado
Court of Appeals) was expressive, Colorado's public-
accommodations law cannot penalize it unless the law
withstands strict scrutiny. Although this Court some­
times reviews regulations of expressive conduct under the
more lenient test articulated in O'Brien,4 that test does not
apply unless the government would have punished the
conduct regardless of its expressive component. See, e.g.,
Barnes, 501 U. S., at 566 -- 572 (applying O'Brien to evalu­
ate the application of a general nudity ban to nude danc­
ing); Clark, 468 U. S., at 293 (applying O'Brien to evaluate
the application of a general camping ban to a demonstra­
tion in the park). Here, however, Colorado would not be
punishing Phillips if he refused to create any custom
wedding cakes; it is punishing him because he refuses to
create custom wedding cakes that express approval of
same-sex marriage. In cases like this one, our precedents
demand " 'the most exacting scrutiny.' " Johnson, 491
U. S., at 412; accord, Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project,
(2010).
The Court of Appeals did not address whether Colo­
rado's law survives strict scrutiny, and I will not do so in
the first instance. There is an obvious flaw, however, with
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 "[A] government regulation [of expressive conduct] is sufficiently

justified if it is within the constitutional power of the Government; if it
furthers an important or substantial governmental interest; if the
governmental interest is unrelated to the suppression of free expres­
sion; and if the incidental restriction on alleged First Amendment
freedoms is no greater than is essential to the furtherance of that
interest." United States v. O'Brien, (1968).
12 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

one of the asserted justifications for Colorado's law. Ac­
cording to the individual respondents, Colorado can com­
pel Phillips' speech to prevent him from " 'denigrat[ing] the
dignity' " of same-sex couples, " 'assert[ing] [their] inferior-
ity,' " and subjecting them to " 'humiliation, frustration, and
embarrassment.' " Brief for Respondents Craig et al. 39
; Heart of Atlanta Motel, Inc. v. United States,
(1964) (Goldberg, J., concurring)).
These justifications are completely foreign to our free-
speech jurisprudence.
States cannot punish protected speech because some
group finds it offensive, hurtful, stigmatic, unreasonable,
or undignified. "If there is a bedrock principle underlying
the First Amendment, it is that the government may not
prohibit the expression of an idea simply because society
finds the idea itself offensive or disagreeable." Johnson,
supra, at 414. A contrary rule would allow the govern­
ment to stamp out virtually any speech at will. See Morse
v. Frederick, (2007) ("After all, much
political and religious speech might be perceived as offen­
sive to some"). As the Court reiterates today, "it is not...
the role of the State or its officials to prescribe what shall
be offensive." Ante, at 16. " 'Indeed, if it is the speaker's
opinion that gives offense, that consequence is a reason for
according it constitutional protection.' " Hustler Magazine,
Inc. v. Falwell, (1988); accord, Johnson,
supra, at 408 -- 409. If the only reason a public-
accommodations law regulates speech is "to produce a
society free of... biases" against the protected groups,
that purpose is "decidedly fatal" to the law's constitution­
ality, "for it amounts to nothing less than a proposal to
limit speech in the service of orthodox expression." Hur-
ley, 515 U. S., at 578 -- 579; see also United States v. Play-
boy Entertainment Group, Inc., (2000)
("Where the designed benefit of a content-based speech
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

restriction is to shield the sensibilities of listeners, the
general rule is that the right of expression prevails"). "[A]
speech burden based on audience reactions is simply
government hostility... in a different guise." Matal v.
Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) (KENNEDY, J., concurring in
part and concurring in judgment).
Consider what Phillips actually said to the individual
respondents in this case. After sitting down with them for
a consultation, Phillips told the couple, " 'I'll make your
birthday cakes, shower cakes, sell you cookies and brown­
ies, I just don't make cakes for same sex weddings.' " App.
168. It is hard to see how this statement stigmatizes gays
and lesbians more than blocking them from marching in a
city parade, dismissing them from the Boy Scouts, or
subjecting them to signs that say "God Hates Fags" -- all of
which this Court has deemed protected by the First
Amendment. See Hurley, supra, at 574 -- 575; Dale, 530
U. S., at 644; Snyder v. Phelps, (2011).
Moreover, it is also hard to see how Phillips' statement is
worse than the racist, demeaning, and even threatening
speech toward blacks that this Court has tolerated in
previous decisions. Concerns about "dignity" and "stigma"
did not carry the day when this Court affirmed the right of
white supremacists to burn a 25-foot cross, Virginia v.
Black, (2003); conduct a rally on Martin
Luther King Jr.'s birthday, Forsyth County v. Nationalist
Movement, (1992); or circulate a film featur­
ing hooded Klan members who were brandishing weapons
and threatening to " 'Bury the niggers,' " Brandenburg v.
Ohio, (1969) (per curiam).
Nor does the fact that this Court has now decided Ober-
gefell v. Hodges, 576 U. S. ___ (2015), somehow diminish
Phillips' right to free speech. "It is one thing... to con­
clude that the Constitution protects a right to same-sex
marriage; it is something else to portray everyone who
does not share [that view] as bigoted" and unentitled to
14 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

express a different view. Id., at ___ (ROBERTS, C. J., dis­
senting). This Court is not an authority on
matters of conscience, and its decisions can (and often
should) be criticized. The First Amendment gives individ­
uals the right to disagree about the correctness of Oberge-
fell and the morality of same-sex marriage. Obergefell
itself emphasized that the traditional understanding of
marriage "long has been held -- and continues to be held -- 
in good faith by reasonable and sincere people here and
throughout the world." Id., at ___ (majority opinion). If Phillips' continued adherence to that under­
standing makes him a minority after Obergefell, that is all
the more reason to insist that his speech be protected. See
Dale, supra, at 660 ("[T]he fact that [the social acceptance
of homosexuality] may be embraced and advocated by
increasing numbers of people is all the more reason to
protect the First Amendment rights of those who wish to
voice a different view").
* * *
In Obergefell, I warned that the Court's decision would
"inevitabl[y]... come into conflict" with religious liberty,
"as individuals... are confronted with demands to partic­
ipate in and endorse civil marriages between same-sex
couples." 576 U. S., at ___ (dissenting opinion). This case proves that the conflict has already
emerged. Because the Court's decision vindicates Phillips'
right to free exercise, it seems that religious liberty has
lived to fight another day. But, in future cases, the free­
dom of speech could be essential to preventing Obergefell
from being used to "stamp out every vestige of dissent"
and "vilify Americans who are unwilling to assent to the
new orthodoxy." Id., at ___ (ALITO, J., dissenting). If that freedom is to maintain its vitality, reasoning
like the Colorado Court of Appeals' must be rejected.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE GINSBURG, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR
joins, dissenting.
There is much in the Court's opinion with which I agree.
"[I]t is a general rule that [religious and philosophical]
objections do not allow business owners and other actors
in the economy and in society to deny protected persons
equal access to goods and services under a neutral and
generally applicable public accommodations law." Ante, at
9. "Colorado law can protect gay persons, just as it can
protect other classes of individuals, in acquiring whatever
products and services they choose on the same terms and
conditions as are offered to other members of the public."
Ante, at 10. "[P]urveyors of goods and services who object
to gay marriages for moral and religious reasons [may not]
put up signs saying 'no goods or services will be sold if
they will be used for gay marriages.' " Ante, at 12. Gay
persons may be spared from "indignities when they seek
goods and services in an open market." Ante, at 18.1 I
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 As JUSTICE THOMAS observes, the Court does not hold that wedding

cakes are speech or expression entitled to First Amendment protection.
See ante, at 1 (opinion concurring in part and concurring in judgment).
Nor could it, consistent with our First Amendment precedents. JUSTICE
THOMAS acknowledges that for conduct to constitute protected expres-
sion, the conduct must be reasonably understood by an observer to be
communicative. Ante, at 4 hostility to religion. Hostility
is discernible, the Court maintains, from the asserted
"disparate consideration of Phillips' case compared to the
cases of " three other bakers who refused to make cakes
requested by William Jack, an amicus here. Ante, at 18.
The Court also finds hostility in statements made at two
public hearings on Phillips' appeal to the Commission.
Ante, at 12 -- 14. The different outcomes the Court features
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Non-Violence, (1984)). The record in this case is
replete with Jack Phillips' own views on the messages he believes his
cakes convey. See ante, at 5 -- 6 (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and
concurring in judgment) (describing how Phillips "considers" and "sees"
his work). But Phillips submitted no evidence showing that an objec-
tive observer understands a wedding cake to convey a message, much
less that the observer understands the message to be the baker's,
rather than the marrying couple's. Indeed, some in the wedding
industry could not explain what message, or whose, a wedding cake
conveys. See Charsley, Interpretation and Custom: The Case of the
Wedding Cake, 22 Man 93, 100 -- 101 (1987) (no explanation of wedding
cakes' symbolism was forthcoming "even amongst those who might be
expected to be the experts"); id., at 104 -- 105 (the cake cutting tradition
might signify "the bride and groom... as appropriating the cake" from
the bride's parents). And Phillips points to no case in which this Court
has suggested the provision of a baked good might be expressive con-
duct. Cf. ante, at 7, (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and concurring
in judgment); Hurley v. Irish-American Gay, Lesbian, and Bisexual
Group of Boston, Inc., -- 579 (1995) ; Barnes v. Glen Theatre,
Inc., (1991) (noting precedents suggesting nude
dancing is expressive conduct); Spence v. Washington, (1974) (observing the Court's decades-long recognition of the
symbolism of flags).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

do not evidence hostility to religion of the kind we have
previously held to signal a free-exercise violation, nor do
the comments by one or two members of one of the four
decisionmaking entities considering this case justify re-
versing the judgment below.
I
On March 13, 2014 -- approximately three months after
the ALJ ruled in favor of the same-sex couple, Craig and
Mullins, and two months before the Commission heard
Phillips' appeal from that decision -- William Jack visited
three Colorado bakeries. His visits followed a similar
pattern. He requested two cakes
"made to resemble an open Bible. He also requested
that each cake be decorated with Biblical verses. [He]
requested that one of the cakes include an image of
two groomsmen, holding hands, with a red 'X' over the
image. On one cake, he requested [on] one side[,]... 'God hates sin. Psalm 45:7' and on the opposite
side of the cake 'Homosexuality is a detestable sin.
Leviticus 18:2.' On the second cake, [the one] with the
image of the two groomsmen covered by a red 'X'
[Jack] requested [these words]: 'God loves sinners' and
on the other side 'While we were yet sinners Christ
died for us. Romans 5:8.' " App. to Pet. for Cert. 319a;
see id., at 300a, 310a.
In contrast to Jack, Craig and Mullins simply requested a
wedding cake: They mentioned no message or anything
else distinguishing the cake they wanted to buy from any
other wedding cake Phillips would have sold.
One bakery told Jack it would make cakes in the shape
of Bibles, but would not decorate them with the requested
messages; the owner told Jack her bakery "does not dis-
criminate" and "accept[s] all humans." Id., at 301a (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). The second bakery owner
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

told Jack he "had done open Bibles and books many times
and that they look amazing," but declined to make the
specific cakes Jack described because the baker regarded
the messages as "hateful." Id., at 310a. The third bakery, according to Jack, said
it would bake the cakes, but would not include the re-
quested message. Id., at 319a.2
Jack filed charges against each bakery with the Colo-
rado Civil Rights Division (Division). The Division found no
probable cause to support Jack's claims of unequal treat-
ment and denial of goods or services based on his Chris-
tian religious beliefs. Id., at 297a, 307a, 316a. In this
regard, the Division observed that the bakeries regularly
produced cakes and other baked goods with Christian
symbols and had denied other customer requests for de-
signs demeaning people whose dignity the Colorado Anti-
discrimination Act (CADA) protects. See id., at 305a,
314a, 324a. The Commission summarily affirmed the
Division's no-probable-cause finding. See id., at 326a -- 
331a.
The Court concludes that "the Commission's considera-
tion of Phillips' religious objection did not accord with its
treatment of [the other bakers'] objections." Ante, at 15.
See also ante, at 5 -- 7 (GORSUCH, J., concurring). But the
cases the Court aligns are hardly comparable. The bakers
would have refused to make a cake with Jack's requested
message for any customer, regardless of his or her reli-
gion. And the bakers visited by Jack would have sold him
any baked goods they would have sold anyone else. The
bakeries' refusal to make Jack cakes of a kind they would
not make for any customer scarcely resembles Phillips'
refusal to serve Craig and Mullins: Phillips would not sell
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The record provides no ideological explanation for the bakeries' re-

fusals. Cf. ante, at 1 -- 2, 9, 11 (GORSUCH, J., concurring) (describing
Jack's requests as offensive to the bakers' "secular" convictions).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

to Craig and Mullins, for no reason other than their sexual
orientation, a cake of the kind he regularly sold to others.
When a couple contacts a bakery for a wedding cake, the
product they are seeking is a cake celebrating their wed-
ding -- not a cake celebrating heterosexual weddings or
same-sex weddings -- and that is the service Craig and
Mullins were denied. Cf. ante, at 3 -- 4, 9 -- 10 (GORSUCH, J.,
concurring). Colorado, the Court does not gainsay, prohib-
its precisely the discrimination Craig and Mullins encoun-
tered. See supra, at 1. Jack, on the other hand, suffered
no service refusal on the basis of his religion or any other
protected characteristic. He was treated as any other
customer would have been treated -- no better, no worse.3
The fact that Phillips might sell other cakes and cookies
to gay and lesbian customers4 was irrelevant to the issue
Craig and Mullins' case presented. What matters is that
Phillips would not provide a good or service to a same-sex
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 JUSTICE GORSUCH argues that the situations "share all legally sa-

lient features." Ante, at 4 (concurring opinion). But what critically
differentiates them is the role the customer's "statutorily protected
trait," ibid., played in the denial of service. Change Craig and Mullins'
sexual orientation (or sex), and Phillips would have provided the cake.
Change Jack's religion, and the bakers would have been no more
willing to comply with his request. The bakers' objections to Jack's
cakes had nothing to do with "religious opposition to same-sex wed-
dings." Ante, at 6 (GORSUCH, J., concurring). Instead, the bakers
simply refused to make cakes bearing statements demeaning to people
protected by CADA. With respect to Jack's second cake, in particular,
where he requested an image of two groomsmen covered by a red "X"
and the lines "God loves sinners" and "While we were yet sinners Christ
died for us," the bakers gave not the slightest indication that religious
words, rather than the demeaning image, prompted the objection. See
supra, at 3. Phillips did, therefore, discriminate because of sexual
orientation; the other bakers did not discriminate because of religious
belief; and the Commission properly found discrimination in one case
but not the other. Cf. ante, at 4 -- 6 (GORSUCH, J., concurring).
4 But see ante, at 7 (majority opinion) (acknowledging that Phillips

refused to sell to a lesbian couple cupcakes for a celebration of their
union).
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

couple that he would provide to a heterosexual couple. In
contrast, the other bakeries' sale of other goods to Chris-
tian customers was relevant: It shows that there were no
goods the bakeries would sell to a non-Christian customer
that they would refuse to sell to a Christian customer. Cf.
ante, at 15.
Nor was the Colorado Court of Appeals' "difference in
treatment of these two instances... based on the govern-
ment's own assessment of offensiveness." Ante, at 16.
Phillips declined to make a cake he found offensive where
the offensiveness of the product was determined solely by
the identity of the customer requesting it. The three other
bakeries declined to make cakes where their objection to
the product was due to the demeaning message the re-
quested product would literally display. As the Court
recognizes, a refusal "to design a special cake with words
or images... might be different from a refusal to sell any
cake at all." Ante, at 2.5 The Colorado Court of Appeals
did not distinguish Phillips and the other three bakeries
based simply on its or the Division's finding that messages
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The Court undermines this observation when later asserting that
the treatment of Phillips, as compared with the treatment of the other
three bakeries, "could reasonably be interpreted as being inconsistent
as to the question of whether speech is involved." Ante, at 15. But
recall that, while Jack requested cakes with particular text inscribed,
Craig and Mullins were refused the sale of any wedding cake at all.
They were turned away before any specific cake design could be dis-
cussed. (It appears that Phillips rarely, if ever, produces wedding cakes
with words on them -- or at least does not advertise such cakes. See
Masterpiece Cakeshop, Wedding, http://www.masterpiececakes.com/
wedding-cakes (as last visited June 1, 2018) (gallery with 31 wedding
cake images, none of which exhibits words).) The Division and the
Court of Appeals could rationally and lawfully distinguish between a
case involving disparaging text and images and a case involving a
wedding cake of unspecified design. The distinction is not between a
cake with text and one without, see ante, at 8 -- 9 (GORSUCH, J., concur-
ring); it is between a cake with a particular design and one whose form
was never even discussed.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

in the cakes Jack requested were offensive while any
message in a cake for Craig and Mullins was not. The
Colorado court distinguished the cases on the ground that
Craig and Mullins were denied service based on an aspect
of their identity that the State chose to grant vigorous
protection from discrimination. See App. to Pet. for Cert.
20a, ("The Division found that the bakeries did not
refuse [Jack's] request because of his creed, but rather
because of the offensive nature of the requested mes-
sage.... [T]here was no evidence that the bakeries based
their decisions on [Jack's] religion... [whereas Phillips]
discriminat[ed] on the basis of sexual orientation."). I do
not read the Court to suggest that the Colorado Legisla-
ture's decision to include certain protected characteristics
in CADA is an impermissible government prescription of
what is and is not offensive. Cf. ante, at 9 -- 10. To repeat,
the Court affirms that "Colorado law can protect gay
persons, just as it can protect other classes of individuals,
in acquiring whatever products and services they choose
on the same terms and conditions as are offered to other
members of the public." Ante, at 10.
II
Statements made at the Commission's public hearings
on Phillips' case provide no firmer support for the Court's
holding today. Whatever one may think of the statements
in historical context, I see no reason why the comments of
one or two Commissioners should be taken to overcome
Phillips' refusal to sell a wedding cake to Craig and Mul-
lins. The proceedings involved several layers of independ-
ent decisionmaking, of which the Commission was but one.
See App. to Pet. for Cert. 5a -- 6a. First, the Division had to
find probable cause that Phillips violated CADA. Second,
the ALJ entertained the parties' cross-motions for sum-
mary judgment. Third, the Commission heard Phillips'
appeal. Fourth, after the Commission's ruling, the Colo-
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

rado Court of Appeals considered the case de novo. What
prejudice infected the determinations of the adjudicators
in the case before and after the Commission? The Court
does not say. Phillips' case is thus far removed from the
only precedent upon which the Court relies, Church of
Lukumi Babalu Aye, Inc. v. Hialeah, (1993),
where the government action that violated a principle of
religious neutrality implicated a sole decisionmaking body,
the city council, see id., at 526 -- 528.
* * *
For the reasons stated, sensible application of CADA to
a refusal to sell any wedding cake to a gay couple should
occasion affirmance of the Colorado Court of Appeals'
judgment. I would so rule.

============================================================

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's opinion
concurring in the judgment. Others interpreted Marks differently
and adopted the plurality's reasoning. Because this Court can now
resolve the substantive, sentencing issue discussed in Freeman, it is
unnecessary to reach questions regarding the proper application of
Marks.
The Sentencing Reform Act of 1984 authorizes the United States
Sentencing Commission to establish, and retroactively amend, Sen-
tencing Guidelines. Though the Guidelines are only advisory, see
United States v. Booker, a district court must consult
them during sentencing, id., at 264, along with other factors specified
in 18 U. S. C., including "the need to avoid unwarranted
sentence disparities," (6). When an amendment applies ret-
roactively, district courts may reduce the sentences of prisoners
whose sentences were "based on a sentencing range that has subse-
quently been lowered by the Sentencing Commission." (2).
This case concerns the issue whether a defendant may seek relief
under (2) if he entered a plea agreement under Federal Rule
of Criminal Procedure 11(c)(1)(C) (Type-C agreement), which permits
the defendant and the Government to "agree that a specific sentence
or sentencing range is the appropriate disposition of the case," and
2 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Syllabus

"binds the court [to the agreed-upon sentence] once [it] accepts the
plea agreement." In making its decision, the district court must con-
sider the Sentencing Guidelines. And it may not accept the agree-
ment unless the sentence is within the applicable Guidelines range,
or it is outside that range for justifiable reasons specifically set out.
After petitioner Erik Hughes was indicted on drug and gun charg-
es, he and the Government negotiated a Type-C plea agreement,
which stipulated that Hughes would receive a sentence of 180
months but did not refer to a particular Guidelines range. Hughes
pleaded guilty. At his sentencing hearing, the District Court accept-
ed the agreement and sentenced him to 180 months. In so doing, it
calculated Hughes' Guidelines range as 188 to 235 months and de-
termined that the sentence was in accordance with the Guidelines
and other factors the court was required to consider. Less than two
months later, the Sentencing Commission adopted, and made retro-
active, an amendment that had the effect of reducing Hughes' sen-
tencing range to 151 to 188 months. The District Court denied
Hughes' motion for a reduced sentence under (2), and the
Eleventh Circuit affirmed. Both courts concluded that, under the
Freeman concurrence, Hughes was ineligible for a reduced sentence
because his plea agreement did not expressly rely on a Guidelines
range.
Held:
1. A sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agreement is "based
on" the defendant's Guidelines range so long as that range was part
of the framework the district court relied on in imposing the sentence
or accepting the agreement. Pp. 7 -- 14.
(a) A principal purpose of the Sentencing Guidelines is to pro-
mote sentencing uniformity. But in the aftermath of Freeman, a de-
fendant's eligibility for a reduced sentence under (2) turns on
the Circuit in which the case arises. Even within Circuits that follow
the Freeman concurrence, unwarranted disparities have resulted de-
pending on whether a defendant's Type-C agreement has a specific-
enough reference to a Guidelines range. This Court's precedents
since Freeman have confirmed that the Guidelines remain the foun-
dation of federal sentencing decisions. See, e.g., Peugh v. United
States, ; Molina-Martinez v. United States, 578 U. S.
___. Pp. 7 -- 9.
(b) A district court imposes a sentence that is "based on" a Guide-
lines range for purposes of (2) if the range was a basis for the
court's exercise of discretion in imposing a sentence. Given the
standard legal definition of "base," there will be no question in the
typical case that the defendant's Guidelines range was a basis for his
sentence. A district court is required to calculate and consider a de-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Syllabus

fendant's Guidelines range in every case.. Indeed, the
Guidelines are "the starting point for every sentencing calculation in
the federal system." Peugh, supra, at 542. Thus, in general,
(2) allows district courts to reconsider a prisoner's sentence
based on a new starting point -- that is, a lower Guidelines range -- 
and determine whether a reduction is appropriate.
A sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agreement is no excep-
tion to the general rule that a defendant's Guidelines range is the
starting point and a basis for his ultimate sentence. The Government
and the defendant may agree to a specific sentence, but the Sentenc-
ing Guidelines prohibit district courts from accepting Type-C agree-
ments without first evaluating the recommended sentence in light of
the defendant's Guidelines range. So in the usual case the court's ac-
ceptance of a Type-C agreement and the sentence to be imposed pur-
suant to that agreement are "based on" the defendant's Guidelines
range. Since the Guidelines are a district court's starting point, when
the Commission lowers the range, the defendant will be eligible for
relief under (2) absent clear demonstration, based on the rec-
ord as a whole, that the court would have imposed the same sentence
regardless of the Guidelines.
This interpretation furthers (2)'s purpose, as well as the
broader purposes of the Sentencing Reform Act. It is also reinforced
by Molina-Martinez and Peugh, which both confirm that the Guide-
lines remain a basis for almost all federal sentences. Experience has
shown that, although the interpretation proffered by JUSTICE SO-
TOMAYOR's concurring opinion in Freeman could be one permissible
reading of (2), as a systemic, structural matter the system
Congress put in place is best implemented by the interpretation con-
firmed in this case. Pp. 9 -- 12.
(c) The Government's counterarguments -- that allowing defend-
ants with Type-C agreements to seek reduced sentences under
(2) would deprive the Government of a benefit of its bargain,
namely, the defendant's agreement to a particular sentence; and that
allowing courts to reduce the sentences of defendants like Hughes
would be inconsistent with one of the Commission's policy state-
ments -- are unpersuasive. Pp. 12 -- 14.
2. Hughes is eligible for relief under (2). The District
Court accepted his Type-C agreement after concluding that a 180-
month sentence was consistent with the Guidelines, and then calcu-
lated Hughes' sentencing range and imposed a sentence it deemed
"compatible" with the Guidelines. The sentencing range was thus a
basis for the sentence imposed. And that range has since been low-
ered by the Commission. The District Court has discretion to decide
whether to reduce Hughes' sentence after considering the 
4 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Syllabus

factors and the Commission's relevant policy statements. P. 14.
849 F. 3d 1008, reversed and remanded.

KENNEDY, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which GINSBURG,
BREYER, SOTOMAYOR, KAGAN, and GORSUCH, JJ., joined. SOTOMAYOR, J.,
filed a concurring opinion. ROBERTS, C. J., filed a dissenting opinion, in
which THOMAS and ALITO, JJ., joined.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of the Court

NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the
preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to
notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Wash-
ington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other formal errors, in order
that corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 155
_________________

ERIK LINDSEY HUGHES, PETITIONER v.
UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
The proper construction of federal sentencing statutes
and the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure can present
close questions of statutory and textual interpretation
when implementing the Federal Sentencing Guidelines.
Seven Terms ago the Court considered one of these issues
in a case involving a prisoner's motion to reduce his sen-
tence, where the prisoner had been sentenced under a plea
agreement authorized by a specific Rule of criminal proce-
dure. Freeman v. United States, (2011). The
prisoner maintained that his sentence should be reduced
under 18 U. S. C. (2) when his Guidelines sentenc-
ing range was lowered retroactively. 564 U. S., at 527 -- 
528 (plurality opinion).
No single interpretation or rationale in Freeman com-
manded a majority of the Court. The courts of appeals
then confronted the question of what principle or princi-
ples considered in Freeman controlled when an opinion by
four Justices and a concurring opinion by a single Justice
had allowed a majority of this Court to agree on the judg-
ment in Freeman but not on one interpretation or rule
2 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

that courts could follow in later cases when similar ques-
tions arose under the same statute and Rule.
For guidance courts turned to this Court's opinion in
Marks v. United States, (1977). Some courts
interpreted Marks as directing them to follow the "nar-
rowest" opinion in Freeman that was necessary for the
judgment in that case; and, accordingly, they adopted the
reasoning of the opinion concurring in the judgment by
JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR. See United States v. Rivera-
Martinez, 665 F. 3d 344, 348 (CA1 2011); United States v.
Thompson, 682 F. 3d 285, 290 (CA3 2012); United States v.
Brown, 653 F. 3d 337, 340, (CA4 2011); United States
v. Benitez, 822 F. 3d 807, 811 (CA5 2016); United States v.
Smith, 658 F. 3d 608, 611 (CA6 2011); United States v.
Dixon, 687 F. 3d 356, 359 (CA7 2012); United States v.
Browne, 698 F. 3d 1042, 1045 (CA8 2012); United States v.
Graham, 704 F. 3d 1275, 1277 -- 1278 (CA10 2013).
In contrast, the Courts of Appeals for the District of
Columbia and Ninth Circuits held that no opinion in
Freeman provided a controlling rule because the reasoning
in the concurrence was not a "logical subset" of the reason-
ing in the plurality. United States v. Davis, 825 F. 3d
1014, 1021 -- 1022 (CA9 2016) (en banc); United States v.
Epps, 707 F. 3d 337, 350 (CADC 2013). Those courts have
adopted the plurality's opinion as the most persuasive
interpretation of (2). Davis, supra, at 1026; Epps,
supra, at 351.
To resolve these differences over the proper application
of Marks and the proper interpretation of (2), the
Court granted certiorari in the present case. 583 U. S. ___
(2017). The first two questions, relating to Marks, are as
follows: (1) "Whether this Court's decision in Marks means
that the concurring opinion in a 4 -- 1 -- 4 decision represents
the holding of the Court where neither the plurality's
reasoning nor the concurrence's reasoning is a logical
subset of the other"; and (2) "Whether, under Marks, the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

lower courts are bound by the four-Justice plurality opin-
ion in Freeman, or, instead, by JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's
separate concurring opinion with which all eight other
Justices disagreed." Pet. for Cert. i.
The third question is directed to the underlying statu-
tory issue in this case, the substantive, sentencing issue the
Court discussed in the three opinions issued in Freeman.
That question is: "Whether, as the four-Justice plurality in
Freeman concluded, a defendant who enters into a Fed. R.
Crim. P. 11(c)(1)(C) plea agreement is generally eligible
for a sentence reduction if there is a later, retroactive
amendment to the relevant Sentencing Guidelines range."
Pet. for Cert. ii.
Taking instruction from the cases decided in the wake of
Freeman and the systemic concerns that have arisen in
some Circuits, and considering as well the arguments of
the parties as to question three, a majority of the Court in
the instant case now can resolve the sentencing issue on
its merits. So it will be unnecessary to consider questions
one and two despite the extensive briefing and careful
argument the parties presented to the Court concerning
the proper application of Marks. The opinion that follows
resolves the sentencing issue in this case; and, as well, it
should give the necessary guidance to federal district
courts and to the courts of appeals with respect to plea
agreements of the kind presented here and in Freeman.
With that explanation, the Court now turns to the
circumstances of this case and the sentencing issue it
presents.
I

A

Under the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, the United
States Sentencing Commission establishes Sentencing
Guidelines based on the seriousness of a defendant's
offense and his criminal history. Dillon v. United States,
4 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

(2010). In combination, these two
factors yield a range of potential sentences for a district
court to choose from in sentencing a particular defendant.
"The Sentencing Guidelines provide the framework for the
tens of thousands of federal sentencing proceedings that
occur each year." Molina-Martinez v. United States, 578
U. S. ___, ___ (2016).
After this Court's decision in United States v. Booker,
(2005), the Guidelines are advisory only.
But a district court still "must consult those Guidelines
and take them into account when sentencing." Id., at 264;
see also 18 U. S. C. (4). Courts must also consider
various other sentencing factors listed in, includ-
ing "the need to avoid unwarranted sentence disparities
among defendants with similar records who have been
found guilty of similar conduct." (6).
The Act requires the Commission to review and revise
the Guidelines from time to time. 28 U. S. C..
When the Commission amends the Guidelines in a way
that reduces the Guidelines range for "a particular offense
or category of offenses," the Commission must "specify in
what circumstances and by what amount the sentences of
prisoners serving terms of imprisonment for the offense
may be reduced.". In this way the Act requires
the Commission to decide whether amendments to the
Guidelines should have retroactive effect.
If an amendment applies retroactively, the Act author-
izes district courts to reduce the sentences of prisoners
who were sentenced based on a Guidelines range that
would have been lower had the amendment been in place
when they were sentenced. 18 U. S. C. (2). Spe-
cifically, (2) provides:
"[I]n the case of a defendant who has been sentenced
to a term of imprisonment based on a sentencing
range that has subsequently been lowered by the Sen-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

tencing Commission pursuant to 28 U. S. C.,... the court may reduce the term of imprisonment,
after considering the factors set forth in section
3553(a) to the extent that they are applicable, if such
a reduction is consistent with applicable policy state-
ments issued by the Sentencing Commission."
B
The controlling issue here is whether a defendant may
seek relief under (2) if he entered a plea agree-
ment specifying a particular sentence under Federal Rule
of Criminal Procedure 11(c)(1)(C). This kind of plea
agreement is sometimes referred to as a "Type-C
agreement."
In a Type-C agreement the Government and a defend-
ant "agree that a specific sentence or sentencing range is
the appropriate disposition of the case, or that a particular
provision of the Sentencing Guidelines, or policy state-
ment, or sentencing factor does or does not apply," and
"such a recommendation or request binds the court once
the court accepts the plea agreement." Rule 11(c)(1)(C).
When the Government and a defendant enter a Type-C
agreement, the district court has three choices: It "may
accept the agreement, reject it, or defer a decision until
the court has reviewed the presentence report." Rule
11(c)(3)(A). If the court rejects the agreement, the defend-
ant may withdraw his guilty plea. Rule 11(c)(5)(B).
In deciding whether to accept an agreement that in-
cludes a specific sentence, the district court must consider
the Sentencing Guidelines. The court may not accept the
agreement unless the court is satisfied that "(1) the agreed
sentence is within the applicable guideline range; or (2)(A)
the agreed sentence is outside the applicable guideline
range for justifiable reasons; and (B) those reasons are set
forth with specificity." United States Sentencing Commis-
sion, Guidelines Manual.2(c) (Nov. 2016) (USSG).
6 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

"[T]he decision whether to accept the agreement will often
be deferred until the sentencing hearing," which means
that "the decision whether to accept the plea agreement
will often be made at the same time that the defendant is
sentenced." United States v. Hyde, 
(1997).
C
1
In 2013 petitioner Erik Hughes was indicted on drug
and gun charges for his participation in a conspiracy to
distribute methamphetamine. About four months later,
the Government and Hughes negotiated a Type-C plea
agreement. Hughes agreed to plead guilty to two of the
four charges (conspiracy to distribute methamphetamine
and being a felon in possession of a gun); and in exchange
the Government agreed to dismiss the other two charges
and to refrain from filing an information giving formal
notification to the District Court of his prior drug felonies.
If the Government had filed the information, Hughes
would have been subject to a mandatory sentence of life in
prison. See 21 U. S. C. (1)(A), 851(a). The agree-
ment stipulated that Hughes would receive a sentence of
180 months, but it did not refer to any particular Guide-
lines range.
Hughes entered his guilty plea in December 2013. The
District Court accepted the plea at that time, but it de-
ferred consideration of the plea agreement (and hence the
stipulated 180-month sentence) until sentencing.
Three months later, at the sentencing hearing, the
District Court accepted the agreement and sentenced
Hughes to 180 months in prison. The court stated that it
had "considered the plea agreement [and] the sentencing
guidelines, particularly the provisions of," and
that it would "accept and approve the binding plea agree-
ment." App. to Pet. for Cert. 32a -- 33a. The court calcu-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

lated Hughes' Guidelines range as 188 to 235 months in
prison and heard statements from Hughes' daughter,
mother, and Hughes himself. Id., at 37a -- 43a. When it
imposed the agreed 180-month sentence the court reiter-
ated that it was "a reasonable sentence in this case com-
patible with the advisory United States Sentencing Guide-
lines but in accordance with the mandatory matters the
Court is required to consider in ultimately determining a
sentence." Id., at 44a, 47a.
2
Less than two months after the District Court sentenced
Hughes, the Sentencing Commission adopted amendment
782 to the Guidelines. USSG App. C, Amdt. 782 (Supp.
Nov. 2012 -- Nov. 2016). The amendment reduced the base
offense level by two levels for most drug offenses. The
Commission later made amendment 782 retroactive for
defendants who, like Hughes, already had been sentenced
under the higher offense levels. Amdt. 788. Under the
revised Guidelines, Hughes' sentencing range is 151 to 188
months -- about three to four years lower than the range in
effect when he was sentenced.
Hughes filed a motion for a reduced sentence under
(2). The District Court denied the motion, con-
cluding that Hughes is ineligible for relief; and the Court
of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit affirmed. 849 F. 3d
1008, 1016 (2017); App. to Pet. for Cert. 28a. Both courts
concluded that the Freeman concurrence stated the hold-
ing of this Court under Marks, and that under the concur-
rence's interpretation Hughes was ineligible for a reduced
sentence because his plea agreement did not expressly rely
on a Guidelines range. 849 F. 3d, at 1015; App. to Pet. for
Cert. 25a. This Court granted certiorari. 583 U. S. ___.
II
A principal purpose of the Sentencing Guidelines is to
8 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

promote "uniformity in sentencing imposed by different
federal courts for similar criminal conduct." Molina-
Martinez, 578 U. S., at ___ (internal quota-
tion marks and alteration omitted; emphasis deleted). Yet
in the aftermath of Freeman, a defendant's eligibility for a
reduced sentence under (2) turns on the Circuit in
which the case arises. Further, even within Circuits that
follow the Freeman concurrence, unwarranted disparities
have resulted depending on the fortuity of whether a
defendant's Type-C agreement includes a specific-enough
reference to a Guidelines range. See Brief for National
Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers et al. as Amici
Curiae 13 -- 20. In some cases defendants have been held
ineligible for relief even where the sentencing hearing
makes it crystal clear that the Government and the de-
fendant agreed to a Guidelines sentence and the district
court imposed one. See, e.g., United States v. McNeese,
819 F. 3d 922, 929 (CA6 2016).
In addition this Court's precedents since Freeman have
further confirmed that the Guidelines remain the founda-
tion of federal sentencing decisions. In Peugh v. United
States, (2013), for example, the Court held
that the Ex Post Facto Clause prohibits retroactive appli-
cation of amended Guidelines that increase a defendant's
sentencing range. Id., at 544. The Court reasoned that,
Booker notwithstanding, the Guidelines remain "the lode-
stone of sentencing." 569 U. S., at 544. And in Molina-
Martinez, the Court held that in the ordinary case a de-
fendant suffers prejudice from a Guidelines error because
of "the systemic function of the selected Guidelines range."
578 U. S., at ___.
"The post-Booker federal sentencing scheme aims to
achieve uniformity by ensuring that sentencing decisions
are anchored by the Guidelines." Peugh, supra, at 541. In
this context clarity and consistency are essential. To
resolve the uncertainty that resulted from this Court's
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

divided decision in Freeman, the Court now holds that a
sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agreement is
"based on" the defendant's Guidelines range so long as
that range was part of the framework the district court
relied on in imposing the sentence or accepting the
agreement.
A
As already mentioned, (2) authorizes a district
court to reduce a defendant's sentence if the defendant
"has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment based on a
sentencing range that has subsequently been lowered by
the Sentencing Commission." A district court imposes a
sentence that is "based on" a Guidelines range if the range
was a basis for the court's exercise of discretion in impos-
ing a sentence. To "base" means "[t]o make, form, or serve
as a foundation for," or "[t]o use (something) as the thing
from which something else is developed." Black's Law
Dictionary 180 (10th ed. 2014). Likewise, a "base" is "[t]he
starting point or foundational part of something," or "[a]
point, part, line, or quantity from which a reckoning or
conclusion proceeds." Ibid.; see also ibid. (similarly defin-
ing "basis").
In the typical sentencing case there will be no question
that the defendant's Guidelines range was a basis for his
sentence. The Sentencing Reform Act requires a district
court to calculate and consider a defendant's Guidelines
range in every case. 18 U. S. C.. Indeed, the
Guidelines are "the starting point for every sentencing
calculation in the federal system." Peugh, supra, at 542;
see also Molina-Martinez, 578 U. S., at ___ 
("The Court has made clear that the Guidelines are to be
the sentencing court's starting point and initial bench-
mark" (internal quotation marks and alteration omitted)).
"Even if the sentencing judge sees a reason to vary from
the Guidelines, if the judge uses the sentencing range as
10 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

the beginning point to explain the decision to deviate from
it, then the Guidelines are in a real sense the basis for the
sentence." Ibid. (internal quotation marks omitted; em-
phasis deleted). In general, (2) allows district
courts to reconsider a prisoner's sentence based on a new
starting point -- that is, a lower Guidelines range -- and
determine whether a reduction in the prisoner's sentence
is appropriate.
A sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agreement is
no exception to the general rule that a defendant's Guide-
lines range is both the starting point and a basis for his
ultimate sentence. Although in a Type-C agreement the
Government and the defendant may agree to a specific
sentence, that bargain is contingent on the district court
accepting the agreement and its stipulated sentence.
Freeman, 564 U. S., at 529 -- 530. The Sentencing Guide-
lines prohibit district courts from accepting Type-C
agreements without first evaluating the recommended
sentence in light of the defendant's Guidelines range.
USSG.2(c). So in the usual case the court's ac-
ceptance of a Type-C agreement and the sentence to be
imposed pursuant to that agreement are "based on" the
defendant's Guidelines range.
To be sure, the Guidelines are advisory only, and so not
every sentence will be consistent with the relevant Guide-
lines range. See Koons v. United States, post, at 5 (de-
fendants' Guidelines ranges "clearly did not" form a basis
of the ultimate sentences). For example, in Koons the
Court today holds that five defendants' sentences were not
"based on" subsequently lowered Guidelines ranges be-
cause in that case the Guidelines and the record make
clear that the sentencing judge "discarded" their sen-
tencing ranges "in favor of mandatory minimums and
substantial-assistance factors." Post, at 5 -- 6; see also
Molina-Martinez, supra, at ___ ("The record
in a case may show, for example, that the district court
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of the Court

thought the sentence it chose was appropriate irrespective
of the Guidelines range").
If the Guidelines range was not "a relevant part of the
analytic framework the judge used to determine the sen-
tence or to approve the agreement," Freeman, supra, at
530, then the defendant's sentence was not based on that
sentencing range, and relief under (2) is unavail-
able. And that is so regardless of whether a defendant
pleaded guilty pursuant to a Type-C agreement or whether
the agreement itself referred to a Guidelines range.
The statutory language points to the reasons for the sen-
tence that the district court imposed, not the reasons for
the parties' plea agreement. Still, cases like Koons are a
narrow exception to the general rule that, in most cases, a
defendant's sentence will be "based on" his Guidelines
range. In federal sentencing the Guidelines are a district
court's starting point, so when the Commission lowers a
defendant's Guidelines range the defendant will be eligible
for relief under (2) absent clear demonstration,
based on the record as a whole, that the court would have
imposed the same sentence regardless of the Guidelines.
See Koons, post, at 4 -- 6.
This interpretation furthers (2)'s purpose, as
well as the broader purposes of the Sentencing Reform
Act. "The Act aims to create a comprehensive sentencing
scheme in which those who commit crimes of similar
severity under similar conditions receive similar sentences."
Freeman, 564 U. S., at 533. "Section 3582(c)(2) contri-
butes to that goal by ensuring that district courts may
adjust sentences imposed pursuant to a range that the
Commission concludes [is] too severe, out of step with the
seriousness of the crime and the sentencing ranges of
analogous offenses, and inconsistent with the Act's pur-
poses." Ibid. And there is no reason a defendant's eligibil-
ity for relief should turn on the form of his plea
agreement.
12 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Two cases decided after Freeman now reinforce this
proposition. See Molina-Martinez, 578 U. S., at ___ -- ___
( -- 11); Peugh, 569 U. S., at 541 -- 544. These
cases confirm that the Guidelines remain a basis for al-
most all federal sentences. In Peugh, the Court recognized
that "[e]ven after Booker rendered the Sentencing Guide-
lines advisory, district courts have in the vast majority of
cases imposed either within-Guidelines sentences or sen-
tences that depart downward from the Guidelines on the
Government's motion." Id., at 543. And in Molina-
Martinez, the Court explained that "[t]he Commission's
statistics demonstrate the real and pervasive effect the
Guidelines have on sentencing." 578 U. S., at ___. In short, experience has shown that, although the
interpretation proffered by JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's concur-
ring opinion in Freeman could be one permissible reading
of (2), the system Congress put in place is best
implemented, as a systemic, structural matter, by the
interpretation confirmed in the instant case.
B
In response, the Government largely recycles argu-
ments that a majority of this Court rejected in Freeman.
For example, the Government contends that allowing
defendants who enter Type-C agreements to seek reduced
sentences under (2) would deprive the Govern-
ment of one of the benefits of its bargain -- namely, the
defendant's agreement to a particular sentence. But that
has nothing to do with whether a defendant's sentence
was based on the Sentencing Guidelines under (2).
Freeman, 564 U. S., at 531; see also id., at 540 (opinion of
SOTOMAYOR, J.). And in any event, "[w]hat is at stake in
this case is a defendant's eligibility for relief, not the
extent of that relief." Id., at 532 (plurality opinion). Even
if a defendant is eligible for relief, before a district court
grants a reduction it must consider "the factors set forth in
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of the Court

section 3553(a) to the extent that they are applicable" and
the Commission's "applicable policy statements."
(2). The district court can consider the benefits
the defendant gained by entering a Type-C agreement
when it decides whether a reduction is appropriate (or
when it determines the extent of any reduction), "for the
statute permits but does not require the court to reduce a
sentence." Freeman, supra, at 532.
The Government also contends that allowing courts to
reduce the sentences of defendants like Hughes would be
inconsistent with the Commission's policy statement in
USSG.10, which provides that when a district court
modifies a sentence under (2) it "shall substitute
only the [retroactive] amendments listed in subsection (d)
for the corresponding guidelines provisions that were
applied when the defendant was sentenced and shall leave
all other guideline application decisions unaffected."
USSG.10(b)(1). According to the Government, no
"guidelines provisions" are "applied" when a defendant
enters a Type-C agreement because at the moment of
sentencing -- that is, after the court has already accepted
the agreement -- Rule 11 prohibits the court from imposing
any sentence other than the one the parties bargained for.
This argument fails for at least two reasons. First, the
Government's interpretation of.10 depends on an
artificial distinction between a court's decision to accept a
Type-C agreement and its decision to impose the agreed-
upon sentence. As explained above, a district court must
consider the defendant's "applicable Guidelines range"
when it decides whether to accept or reject the agreement,
USSG.2(c) -- often, as here, at the sentencing hear-
ing, after the court has reviewed the presentence report.
And as the Government itself points out, once the district
court accepts the agreement, the agreed-upon sentence is
the only sentence the court may impose. Thus, there is no
meaningful difference between a court's decision to accept
14 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

a Type-C agreement that includes a particular sentence
and the court's decision (sometimes, as here, just minutes
later) to impose that sentence.
Second, the Commission's policy statement "seeks to
isolate whatever marginal effect the since-rejected Guide-
line had on the defendant's sentence." Freeman, 564 U. S.,
at 530. Accordingly, relief under (2) should be
available to permit the district court to reconsider a prior
sentence to the extent the prisoner's Guidelines range was
a relevant part of the framework the judge used to accept
the agreement or determine the sentence. Ibid. If the
district court concludes that it would have imposed the
same sentence even if the defendant had been subject to
the lower range, then the court retains discretion to deny
relief.
C
In this case the District Court accepted Hughes' Type-C
agreement after concluding that a 180-month sentence
was consistent with the Sentencing Guidelines. App. to
Pet. for Cert. 33a. The court then calculated Hughes'
sentencing range and imposed a sentence that the court
deemed "compatible" with the Guidelines. Id., at 36a, 47a.
Thus, the sentencing range was a basis for the sentence
that the District Court imposed. That range has "subse-
quently been lowered by the Sentencing Commission," so
Hughes is eligible for relief under (2). The Court
expresses no view as to whether the District Court should
exercise its discretion to reduce Hughes' sentence after
considering the factors and the Commission's
relevant policy statements. See 18 U. S. C. (2).
* * *
For these reasons, the judgment of the Court of Appeals
is reversed, and the case is remanded for further proceed-
ings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 155
_________________

ERIK LINDSEY HUGHES, PETITIONER v.

UNITED STATES

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, concurring.
In Freeman v. United States, (2011),
this Court confronted the same question it definitively
resolves today: whether criminal defendants who enter
into plea agreements under Federal Rule of Criminal
Procedure 11(c)(1)(C) are eligible for sentencing reduc-
tions under 18 U. S. C. (2). Freeman ended in
a 4 -- 1 -- 4 decision that left lower courts confused as
to whether the plurality or the concurring opinion
controlled.
The plurality of four Justices in Freeman concluded
that defendants who plead guilty pursuant to a so-called
"Type-C agreement" may be eligible for a sentence re-
duction under (2) because Type-C sentences are
"based on the Guidelines" "to whatever extent the sen-
tencing range in question was a relevant part of the an-
alytic framework the judge used to determine the sen-
tence or to approve the agreement." 564 U. S., at 530.
Four Justices dissented. Id., at 544 -- 551 (opinion of
ROBERTS, C. J.). They would have held that a defendant
who pleads guilty pursuant to a Type-C agreement is
categorically ineligible for a sentence reduction under
(2) because such a sentence is always "based on"
the plea agreement, and not on the Guidelines. Id., at
544 -- 548.
2 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

Parting ways with all eight of my colleagues, I con-
curred only in the judgment. Id., at 534 -- 544. I held the
view that sentences imposed under Type-C agreements
are typically "based on" the agreements themselves, not
on the Guidelines. Id., at 535 -- 536. "In the (C) agree-
ment context," I explained, "it is the binding plea
agreement that is the foundation for the term of impris-
onment to which the defendant is sentenced." Id., at
535. But, in my view, that general rule was not abso-
lute. Rejecting the categorical rule adopted by the dis-
sent, I instead concluded that some Type-C sentences
were "based on" the Guidelines and thus eligible for sen-
tencing reductions under (2). Id., at 538 -- 539.
Specifically, I clarified that (2) relief was avail-
able in cases where the Type-C agreement "call[s] for
the defendant to be sentenced within a particular
Guidelines sentencing range," or in cases where the
"plea agreement... provide[s] for a specific term of im-
prisonment... but also make[s] clear that the basis for
the specified term is a Guidelines sentencing range."
Id., at 538 -- 539. Because Freeman's agreement presented
one such case, I agreed with the plurality that he was
eligible for a sentence reduction under (2). See
id., at 542 -- 544.
I continue to believe that my Freeman concurrence
sets forth the most convincing interpretation of
(2)'s statutory text. But I also acknowledge that
my concurrence precipitated a 4 -- 1 -- 4 decision that left
significant confusion in its wake. Because Freeman's
fractured disposition provided insufficient guidance,
courts of appeals have struggled over whether they
should follow the Freeman plurality or my separate con-
currence. See ante, at 2 -- 3. As a result, "in the after-
math of Freeman, a defendant's eligibility for a reduced
sentence under (2) turns on the Circuit in which
the case arises." Ante, at 8. And, "even within Circuits
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

that follow the Freeman concurrence, unwarranted dis-
parities have resulted depending on the fortuity of
whether a defendant's Type-C agreement includes a
specific-enough reference to a Guidelines range." Ibid.
The integrity and legitimacy of our criminal justice
system depend upon consistency, predictability, and
evenhandedness. Regrettably, the divided decisions in
Freeman, and my concurrence in particular, have done
little to foster those foundational principles. Quite the
opposite, my individual views, which "[n]o other Justice... shares," have contributed to ongoing discord among
the lower courts, sown confusion among litigants, and
left "the governing rule uncertain." Arizona v. Gant,
(2009) (Scalia, J., concurring); see
Brief for National Association of Criminal Defense Law-
yers et al. as Amici Curiae 3 -- 27 (arguing that the Free-
man concurrence leads to unpredictable and incon-
sistent results).
I therefore join the majority in full because doing so
helps to ensure clarity and stability in the law and pro-
motes "uniformity in sentencing imposed by different
federal courts for similar criminal conduct." Molina-
Martinez v. United States, 578 U. S. ___, ___ (2016) (internal quotation marks and alteration omit-
ted; emphasis deleted). Today's majority opinion charts
a clear path forward: It mitigates the inconsistencies
and disparities occasioned (at least in part) by my con-
currence. It ensures that similarly situated defendants
are subject to a uniform legal rule. It studiously ad-
heres to "this Court's precedents since Freeman," which
firmly establish "that the Guidelines remain the founda-
tion of federal sentencing decisions." Ante, at 8; see
ante, at 12 (discussing Molina-Martinez, 578 U. S. ___;
Peugh v. United States, (2013)). And it
aligns more closely than the dissent does with the view I
4 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

articulated in Freeman.1 For all these reasons, I now
lend my vote to the majority and accede in its holding
"that a sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agree-
ment is 'based on' the defendant's Guidelines range so
long as that range was part of the framework the dis-
trict court relied on in imposing the sentence or accept-
ing the agreement." Ante, at 9.2

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Unlike the majority, the dissent's position is incompatible with my

view in Freeman (and in this case) that criminal defendants who plead
guilty under Type-C agreements are not categorically ineligible for
relief under (2). See 564 U. S., at 538 -- 540 (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
concurring in judgment). Accordingly, I continue to "reject the categori-
cal rule advanced by the Government and endorsed by the dissent."
Id., at 539.
2 I am sensitive to the Government's contention that allowing crimi-

nal defendants to obtain reductions of Type-C sentences under
(2) might deprive the Government of the benefit of its bargain.
Brief for United States 52. But, as the majority persuasively explains,
that argument "has nothing to do with whether a defendant's sentence
was based on the Sentencing Guidelines under (2)" and there-
fore has no bearing on whether a defendant who has entered into a
Type-C agreement is eligible for a sentence reduction. Ante, at 12; see
Freeman, 564 U. S., at 532 (plurality opinion) ("What is at stake... is a
defendant's eligibility for relief, not the extent of that relief "). All that
said, there may be circumstances in which the Government makes
substantial concessions in entering into a Type-C agreement with a
defendant -- e.g., by declining to pursue easily proved and weighty
sentencing enhancements -- such that there is a compelling case that
the agreed-upon sentence in the Type-C agreement would not have
been affected if the subsequently lowered Guidelines range had been in
place at the relevant time. If such circumstances exist, I expect that
district courts will take that into account when deciding whether, and
to what extent, a Type-C sentence should be reduced under (2).
See ante, at 12 -- 13.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 155
_________________

ERIK LINDSEY HUGHES, PETITIONER v.

UNITED STATES

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT

[June 4, 2018]

CHIEF JUSTICE ROBERTS, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS
and JUSTICE ALITO join, dissenting.
Seven years ago, four Justices took the position that a
defendant sentenced to a term of imprisonment specified
in a binding plea agreement may have been sentenced
"based on" a Sentencing Guidelines range, simply because
the district court must consider the Guidelines in deciding
whether to accept the agreement. Freeman v. United
States, -- 530 (2011) (plurality opinion).
That view has since garnered more votes, but has not
gotten any more persuasive.
A defendant is eligible for a sentence reduction following
a retroactive Guidelines amendment if he was "sentenced
to a term of imprisonment based on a sentencing range
that has subsequently been lowered by the Sentencing
Commission." 18 U. S. C. (2). When a defendant
enters into a binding "Type-C" plea agreement pursuant to
Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 11(c)(1)(C), however,
the resulting sentence is "dictated by the terms of the
agreement entered into by the parties, not the judge's
Guidelines calculation." Freeman, 564 U. S., at 536
(SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment). Five Justices
recognized as much in Freeman. See ibid.; id., at 544
(ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting).
If a defendant pleads guilty pursuant to a Type-C
2 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

agreement specifying a particular term of imprisonment,
the district court may sentence him only to that term. See
Fed. Rule Crim. Proc. 11(c)(1)(C) (the parties' choice of an
"appropriate" sentence "binds the court once the court
accepts the plea agreement"). If the judge considers the
parties' chosen sentence to be inappropriate, he does not
have discretion to impose a different one. Instead, the
court's only option is to reject the agreement and afford
the defendant the opportunity to be released from his
guilty plea. See Fed. Rules Crim. Proc. 11(c)(3)(A), (4), (5).
As the Court points out, a district court considering
whether to accept a Type-C agreement must consult the
Guidelines, as the District Court did here. Ante, at 5; see
App. to Pet. for Cert. 32a -- 36a. But "when determining the
sentence to impose," the district court may base its deci-
sion on "one thing and one thing only -- the plea agree-
ment." Freeman, 564 U. S., at 545 (ROBERTS, C. J., dis-
senting). The Court characterizes this distinction as
"artificial," arguing that the district court's ultimate impo-
sition of a sentence often has as much to do with its Guide-
lines calculation as anything else. Ante, at 13; see ante,
at 10 -- 11. But that is not so: With a Type-C agreement,
the sentence is set by the parties, not by a judge applying
the Guidelines. Far from being "artificial," that distinc-
tion is central to what makes a Type-C plea a Type-C plea.
"In the (C) agreement context" it is "the binding plea
agreement that is the foundation for the term of impris-
onment." Freeman, 564 U. S., at 535 (opinion of
SOTOMAYOR, J.). "To hold otherwise would be to contra-
vene the very purpose of (C) agreements -- to bind the
district court and allow the Government and the defend-
ant to determine what sentence he will receive." Id., at
536.
That commonsense understanding accords with our
reading of the phrase "based upon" in the context of decid-
ing when a cause of action is based upon particular con-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

duct. In Saudi Arabia v. Nelson, (1993), we
considered a provision in the Foreign Sovereign Immuni-
ties Act of 1976 providing an exception to a foreign state's
immunity when "the action is based upon a commercial
activity carried on in the United States by the foreign
state." 28 U. S. C. (2). We said that the phrase
did not encompass a foreign state's activity that "led to"
the tortious conduct. 507 U. S., at 358. Instead, we inter-
preted the phrase to refer only to the conduct that forms
"the 'basis,' " or "foundation," of the cause of action -- that
is, "the 'gravamen of the complaint.' " Id., at 357. And as
we explained, the "torts, and not the arguably commercial
activities that preceded their commission, form the basis
for the [plaintiffs'] suit." Id., at 358. So too here: The
Type-C agreement, and not the Guidelines calculation that
preceded its acceptance, forms the basis for the sentence.
More recently, in OBB Personenverkehr AG v. Sachs,
577 U. S. ___ (2015), we found that a cause of action was
not "based upon" commercial activity when the activity
established just one element of the action. The phrase
"based upon," we explained, instead looks to "the core of
[the] suit" and what the claims "turn on." Id., at ___ -- ___
( -- 8). Here the sentence that petitioner
Hughes received "turned on" the agreement, not the
Guidelines or anything else.
The Court finds new justification for its interpretation
in Peugh v. United States, (2013), and Molina-
Martinez v. United States, 578 U. S. ___ (2016). But those
cases -- which do not concern the language of (2) or
sentencing pursuant to Type-C agreements -- do not inform
the distinct question at hand. I agree that when a district
court has discretion to select an appropriate sentence, the
resulting sentence can often be said to be based on the
advisory Guidelines range. See Peugh, 569 U. S., at 541
(describing sentences under the post-Booker scheme as
"anchored by the Guidelines," see United States v. Booker,
4 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

(2005)); Molina-Martinez, 578 U. S., at ___
("[i]n the ordinary case" the Guidelines
"anchor the court's discretion in selecting an appropriate
sentence"). But there are circumstances where the district
court's discretion is confined such that the Guidelines
range does not play a meaningful part in the ultimate
determination of the defendant's sentence. One such
scenario is when an applicable mandatory minimum
supersedes the Guidelines range. See Koons v. United
States, ___ (2018) (a Guide-
lines range can be "overridden" by "a congressionally
mandated minimum sentence"). Another is the situation
before us, where Rule 11(c)(1)(C) compels the district court
to sentence the defendant to a term chosen by the parties,
or none at all.
Finally, as five Members of this Court recognized in
Freeman, "[a]llowing district courts later to reduce a term
of imprisonment simply because the court itself considered
the Guidelines in deciding whether to accept the agree-
ment would transform (2) into a mechanism by
which courts could rewrite the terms of (C) agreements in
ways not contemplated by the parties." 564 U. S., at 536 -- 
537 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.); see id., at 545 (ROBERTS,
C. J., dissenting). The Court dismisses this point as hav-
ing "nothing to do with whether a defendant's sentence
was based on the Sentencing Guidelines." Ante, at 12.
But of course it does. The very purpose of a Type-C
agreement is to present the defendant's sentence to the
district court on a take-it-or-leave-it basis, preventing the
district judge from altering the sentence as he sees
fit. The Court's interpretation of (2) allows for
just such revision, possibly many years down the line,
when the Government has already fulfilled its side of the
bargain.
The Court justifies this result by arguing that its rule
ensures that "those who commit crimes of similar severity
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

under similar conditions receive similar sentences." Ante,
at 11. But that ignores the crucial way in which Type-C
defendants are not similarly situated to other defendants.
They entered into binding agreements -- based on the
unique facts of their cases and their negotiations with
prosecutors -- and received benefits (often quite significant
ones) that other defendants do not. The facts of this case
provide a striking illustration. In exchange for the cer-
tainty of a binding 180-month sentence, the Government
not only dropped additional charges against Hughes, but
also promised not to pursue a recidivist enhancement that
would have imprisoned him for life.
The Court stresses that the question presented concerns
only a Type-C defendant's eligibility under (2),
and that the district court might exercise its discretion to
deny a reduction if it "concludes that it would have im-
posed the same sentence even if the defendant had been
subject to the lower range." Ante, at 14; see ante, at 13
(suggesting that the district court "can consider the bene-
fits the defendant gained by entering a Type-C agreement"
in deciding "whether a reduction is appropriate"). But
even if the district court ultimately decides against a
reduction, the Government will be forced to litigate the
issue in the meantime -- nullifying another of its benefits
from the Type-C agreement. To secure the sentence to
which the parties already agreed, the Government likely
will have to recreate the state of play from the original
plea negotiations and sentencing to make counterfactual
"what if " arguments -- which, naturally, the defendant will
then try to rebut. Settling this debate is unlikely to be as
straightforward as the Court anticipates.
The point is a very practical one: Hughes pleaded guilty
and entered into a binding agreement because he other-
wise was looking at life in prison. Although the District
Court dutifully performed the required Guidelines calcula-
tions, Hughes's sentence was based on the agreement, not
6 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

the Guidelines range. Hughes should not receive a wind-
fall benefit because that range has been changed.
The Government may well be able to limit the frustrat-
ing effects of today's decision in the long run. Going for-
ward, it presumably can add a provision to every Type-C
agreement in which the defendant agrees to waive any
right to seek a sentence reduction following future Guide-
lines amendments. See Brief for Petitioner 34 -- 35 (refer-
ring to the possibility of such an "explicit waiver"). But
that is no comfort when it comes to cases like this one,
where the parties understood their choice of sentence to be
binding.
I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's opinion
concurring in the judgment. Others interpreted Marks differently
and adopted the plurality's reasoning. Because this Court can now
resolve the substantive, sentencing issue discussed in Freeman, it is
unnecessary to reach questions regarding the proper application of
Marks.
The Sentencing Reform Act of 1984 authorizes the United States
Sentencing Commission to establish, and retroactively amend, Sen-
tencing Guidelines. Though the Guidelines are only advisory, see
United States v. Booker, a district court must consult
them during sentencing, id., at 264, along with other factors specified
in 18 U. S. C., including "the need to avoid unwarranted
sentence disparities," (6). When an amendment applies ret-
roactively, district courts may reduce the sentences of prisoners
whose sentences were "based on a sentencing range that has subse-
quently been lowered by the Sentencing Commission." (2).
This case concerns the issue whether a defendant may seek relief
under (2) if he entered a plea agreement under Federal Rule
of Criminal Procedure 11(c)(1)(C) (Type-C agreement), which permits
the defendant and the Government to "agree that a specific sentence
or sentencing range is the appropriate disposition of the case," and
2 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Syllabus

"binds the court [to the agreed-upon sentence] once [it] accepts the
plea agreement." In making its decision, the district court must con-
sider the Sentencing Guidelines. And it may not accept the agree-
ment unless the sentence is within the applicable Guidelines range,
or it is outside that range for justifiable reasons specifically set out.
After petitioner Erik Hughes was indicted on drug and gun charg-
es, he and the Government negotiated a Type-C plea agreement,
which stipulated that Hughes would receive a sentence of 180
months but did not refer to a particular Guidelines range. Hughes
pleaded guilty. At his sentencing hearing, the District Court accept-
ed the agreement and sentenced him to 180 months. In so doing, it
calculated Hughes' Guidelines range as 188 to 235 months and de-
termined that the sentence was in accordance with the Guidelines
and other factors the court was required to consider. Less than two
months later, the Sentencing Commission adopted, and made retro-
active, an amendment that had the effect of reducing Hughes' sen-
tencing range to 151 to 188 months. The District Court denied
Hughes' motion for a reduced sentence under (2), and the
Eleventh Circuit affirmed. Both courts concluded that, under the
Freeman concurrence, Hughes was ineligible for a reduced sentence
because his plea agreement did not expressly rely on a Guidelines
range.
Held:
1. A sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agreement is "based
on" the defendant's Guidelines range so long as that range was part
of the framework the district court relied on in imposing the sentence
or accepting the agreement. Pp. 7 -- 14.
(a) A principal purpose of the Sentencing Guidelines is to pro-
mote sentencing uniformity. But in the aftermath of Freeman, a de-
fendant's eligibility for a reduced sentence under (2) turns on
the Circuit in which the case arises. Even within Circuits that follow
the Freeman concurrence, unwarranted disparities have resulted de-
pending on whether a defendant's Type-C agreement has a specific-
enough reference to a Guidelines range. This Court's precedents
since Freeman have confirmed that the Guidelines remain the foun-
dation of federal sentencing decisions. See, e.g., Peugh v. United
States, ; Molina-Martinez v. United States, 578 U. S.
___. Pp. 7 -- 9.
(b) A district court imposes a sentence that is "based on" a Guide-
lines range for purposes of (2) if the range was a basis for the
court's exercise of discretion in imposing a sentence. Given the
standard legal definition of "base," there will be no question in the
typical case that the defendant's Guidelines range was a basis for his
sentence. A district court is required to calculate and consider a de-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Syllabus

fendant's Guidelines range in every case.. Indeed, the
Guidelines are "the starting point for every sentencing calculation in
the federal system." Peugh, supra, at 542. Thus, in general,
(2) allows district courts to reconsider a prisoner's sentence
based on a new starting point -- that is, a lower Guidelines range -- 
and determine whether a reduction is appropriate.
A sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agreement is no excep-
tion to the general rule that a defendant's Guidelines range is the
starting point and a basis for his ultimate sentence. The Government
and the defendant may agree to a specific sentence, but the Sentenc-
ing Guidelines prohibit district courts from accepting Type-C agree-
ments without first evaluating the recommended sentence in light of
the defendant's Guidelines range. So in the usual case the court's ac-
ceptance of a Type-C agreement and the sentence to be imposed pur-
suant to that agreement are "based on" the defendant's Guidelines
range. Since the Guidelines are a district court's starting point, when
the Commission lowers the range, the defendant will be eligible for
relief under (2) absent clear demonstration, based on the rec-
ord as a whole, that the court would have imposed the same sentence
regardless of the Guidelines.
This interpretation furthers (2)'s purpose, as well as the
broader purposes of the Sentencing Reform Act. It is also reinforced
by Molina-Martinez and Peugh, which both confirm that the Guide-
lines remain a basis for almost all federal sentences. Experience has
shown that, although the interpretation proffered by JUSTICE SO-
TOMAYOR's concurring opinion in Freeman could be one permissible
reading of (2), as a systemic, structural matter the system
Congress put in place is best implemented by the interpretation con-
firmed in this case. Pp. 9 -- 12.
(c) The Government's counterarguments -- that allowing defend-
ants with Type-C agreements to seek reduced sentences under
(2) would deprive the Government of a benefit of its bargain,
namely, the defendant's agreement to a particular sentence; and that
allowing courts to reduce the sentences of defendants like Hughes
would be inconsistent with one of the Commission's policy state-
ments -- are unpersuasive. Pp. 12 -- 14.
2. Hughes is eligible for relief under (2). The District
Court accepted his Type-C agreement after concluding that a 180-
month sentence was consistent with the Guidelines, and then calcu-
lated Hughes' sentencing range and imposed a sentence it deemed
"compatible" with the Guidelines. The sentencing range was thus a
basis for the sentence imposed. And that range has since been low-
ered by the Commission. The District Court has discretion to decide
whether to reduce Hughes' sentence after considering the 
4 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Syllabus

factors and the Commission's relevant policy statements. P. 14.
849 F. 3d 1008, reversed and remanded.

KENNEDY, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which GINSBURG,
BREYER, SOTOMAYOR, KAGAN, and GORSUCH, JJ., joined. SOTOMAYOR, J.,
filed a concurring opinion. ROBERTS, C. J., filed a dissenting opinion, in
which THOMAS and ALITO, JJ., joined.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of the Court

NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the
preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to
notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Wash-
ington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other formal errors, in order
that corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 155
_________________

ERIK LINDSEY HUGHES, PETITIONER v.

UNITED STATES

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
The proper construction of federal sentencing statutes
and the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure can present
close questions of statutory and textual interpretation
when implementing the Federal Sentencing Guidelines.
Seven Terms ago the Court considered one of these issues
in a case involving a prisoner's motion to reduce his sen-
tence, where the prisoner had been sentenced under a plea
agreement authorized by a specific Rule of criminal proce-
dure. Freeman v. United States, (2011). The
prisoner maintained that his sentence should be reduced
under 18 U. S. C. (2) when his Guidelines sentenc-
ing range was lowered retroactively. 564 U. S., at 527 -- 
528 (plurality opinion).
No single interpretation or rationale in Freeman com-
manded a majority of the Court. The courts of appeals
then confronted the question of what principle or princi-
ples considered in Freeman controlled when an opinion by
four Justices and a concurring opinion by a single Justice
had allowed a majority of this Court to agree on the judg-
ment in Freeman but not on one interpretation or rule
2 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

that courts could follow in later cases when similar ques-
tions arose under the same statute and Rule.
For guidance courts turned to this Court's opinion in
Marks v. United States, (1977). Some courts
interpreted Marks as directing them to follow the "nar-
rowest" opinion in Freeman that was necessary for the
judgment in that case; and, accordingly, they adopted the
reasoning of the opinion concurring in the judgment by
JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR. See United States v. Rivera-
Martinez, 665 F. 3d 344, 348 (CA1 2011); United States v.
Thompson, 682 F. 3d 285, 290 (CA3 2012); United States v.
Brown, 653 F. 3d 337, 340, (CA4 2011); United States
v. Benitez, 822 F. 3d 807, 811 (CA5 2016); United States v.
Smith, 658 F. 3d 608, 611 (CA6 2011); United States v.
Dixon, 687 F. 3d 356, 359 (CA7 2012); United States v.
Browne, 698 F. 3d 1042, 1045 (CA8 2012); United States v.
Graham, 704 F. 3d 1275, 1277 -- 1278 (CA10 2013).
In contrast, the Courts of Appeals for the District of
Columbia and Ninth Circuits held that no opinion in
Freeman provided a controlling rule because the reasoning
in the concurrence was not a "logical subset" of the reason-
ing in the plurality. United States v. Davis, 825 F. 3d
1014, 1021 -- 1022 (CA9 2016) (en banc); United States v.
Epps, 707 F. 3d 337, 350 (CADC 2013). Those courts have
adopted the plurality's opinion as the most persuasive
interpretation of (2). Davis, supra, at 1026; Epps,
supra, at 351.
To resolve these differences over the proper application
of Marks and the proper interpretation of (2), the
Court granted certiorari in the present case. 583 U. S. ___
(2017). The first two questions, relating to Marks, are as
follows: (1) "Whether this Court's decision in Marks means
that the concurring opinion in a 4 -- 1 -- 4 decision represents
the holding of the Court where neither the plurality's
reasoning nor the concurrence's reasoning is a logical
subset of the other"; and (2) "Whether, under Marks, the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

lower courts are bound by the four-Justice plurality opin-
ion in Freeman, or, instead, by JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's
separate concurring opinion with which all eight other
Justices disagreed." Pet. for Cert. i.
The third question is directed to the underlying statu-
tory issue in this case, the substantive, sentencing issue the
Court discussed in the three opinions issued in Freeman.
That question is: "Whether, as the four-Justice plurality in
Freeman concluded, a defendant who enters into a Fed. R.
Crim. P. 11(c)(1)(C) plea agreement is generally eligible
for a sentence reduction if there is a later, retroactive
amendment to the relevant Sentencing Guidelines range."
Pet. for Cert. ii.
Taking instruction from the cases decided in the wake of
Freeman and the systemic concerns that have arisen in
some Circuits, and considering as well the arguments of
the parties as to question three, a majority of the Court in
the instant case now can resolve the sentencing issue on
its merits. So it will be unnecessary to consider questions
one and two despite the extensive briefing and careful
argument the parties presented to the Court concerning
the proper application of Marks. The opinion that follows
resolves the sentencing issue in this case; and, as well, it
should give the necessary guidance to federal district
courts and to the courts of appeals with respect to plea
agreements of the kind presented here and in Freeman.
With that explanation, the Court now turns to the
circumstances of this case and the sentencing issue it
presents.
I

A

Under the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, the United
States Sentencing Commission establishes Sentencing
Guidelines based on the seriousness of a defendant's
offense and his criminal history. Dillon v. United States,
4 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

(2010). In combination, these two
factors yield a range of potential sentences for a district
court to choose from in sentencing a particular defendant.
"The Sentencing Guidelines provide the framework for the
tens of thousands of federal sentencing proceedings that
occur each year." Molina-Martinez v. United States, 578
U. S. ___, ___ (2016).
After this Court's decision in United States v. Booker,
(2005), the Guidelines are advisory only.
But a district court still "must consult those Guidelines
and take them into account when sentencing." Id., at 264;
see also 18 U. S. C. (4). Courts must also consider
various other sentencing factors listed in, includ-
ing "the need to avoid unwarranted sentence disparities
among defendants with similar records who have been
found guilty of similar conduct." (6).
The Act requires the Commission to review and revise
the Guidelines from time to time. 28 U. S. C..
When the Commission amends the Guidelines in a way
that reduces the Guidelines range for "a particular offense
or category of offenses," the Commission must "specify in
what circumstances and by what amount the sentences of
prisoners serving terms of imprisonment for the offense
may be reduced.". In this way the Act requires
the Commission to decide whether amendments to the
Guidelines should have retroactive effect.
If an amendment applies retroactively, the Act author-
izes district courts to reduce the sentences of prisoners
who were sentenced based on a Guidelines range that
would have been lower had the amendment been in place
when they were sentenced. 18 U. S. C. (2). Spe-
cifically, (2) provides:
"[I]n the case of a defendant who has been sentenced
to a term of imprisonment based on a sentencing
range that has subsequently been lowered by the Sen-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

tencing Commission pursuant to 28 U. S. C.,... the court may reduce the term of imprisonment,
after considering the factors set forth in section
3553(a) to the extent that they are applicable, if such
a reduction is consistent with applicable policy state-
ments issued by the Sentencing Commission."
B
The controlling issue here is whether a defendant may
seek relief under (2) if he entered a plea agree-
ment specifying a particular sentence under Federal Rule
of Criminal Procedure 11(c)(1)(C). This kind of plea
agreement is sometimes referred to as a "Type-C
agreement."
In a Type-C agreement the Government and a defend-
ant "agree that a specific sentence or sentencing range is
the appropriate disposition of the case, or that a particular
provision of the Sentencing Guidelines, or policy state-
ment, or sentencing factor does or does not apply," and
"such a recommendation or request binds the court once
the court accepts the plea agreement." Rule 11(c)(1)(C).
When the Government and a defendant enter a Type-C
agreement, the district court has three choices: It "may
accept the agreement, reject it, or defer a decision until
the court has reviewed the presentence report." Rule
11(c)(3)(A). If the court rejects the agreement, the defend-
ant may withdraw his guilty plea. Rule 11(c)(5)(B).
In deciding whether to accept an agreement that in-
cludes a specific sentence, the district court must consider
the Sentencing Guidelines. The court may not accept the
agreement unless the court is satisfied that "(1) the agreed
sentence is within the applicable guideline range; or (2)(A)
the agreed sentence is outside the applicable guideline
range for justifiable reasons; and (B) those reasons are set
forth with specificity." United States Sentencing Commis-
sion, Guidelines Manual.2(c) (Nov. 2016) (USSG).
6 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

"[T]he decision whether to accept the agreement will often
be deferred until the sentencing hearing," which means
that "the decision whether to accept the plea agreement
will often be made at the same time that the defendant is
sentenced." United States v. Hyde, 
(1997).
C
1
In 2013 petitioner Erik Hughes was indicted on drug
and gun charges for his participation in a conspiracy to
distribute methamphetamine. About four months later,
the Government and Hughes negotiated a Type-C plea
agreement. Hughes agreed to plead guilty to two of the
four charges (conspiracy to distribute methamphetamine
and being a felon in possession of a gun); and in exchange
the Government agreed to dismiss the other two charges
and to refrain from filing an information giving formal
notification to the District Court of his prior drug felonies.
If the Government had filed the information, Hughes
would have been subject to a mandatory sentence of life in
prison. See 21 U. S. C. (1)(A), 851(a). The agree-
ment stipulated that Hughes would receive a sentence of
180 months, but it did not refer to any particular Guide-
lines range.
Hughes entered his guilty plea in December 2013. The
District Court accepted the plea at that time, but it de-
ferred consideration of the plea agreement (and hence the
stipulated 180-month sentence) until sentencing.
Three months later, at the sentencing hearing, the
District Court accepted the agreement and sentenced
Hughes to 180 months in prison. The court stated that it
had "considered the plea agreement [and] the sentencing
guidelines, particularly the provisions of," and
that it would "accept and approve the binding plea agree-
ment." App. to Pet. for Cert. 32a -- 33a. The court calcu-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

lated Hughes' Guidelines range as 188 to 235 months in
prison and heard statements from Hughes' daughter,
mother, and Hughes himself. Id., at 37a -- 43a. When it
imposed the agreed 180-month sentence the court reiter-
ated that it was "a reasonable sentence in this case com-
patible with the advisory United States Sentencing Guide-
lines but in accordance with the mandatory matters the
Court is required to consider in ultimately determining a
sentence." Id., at 44a, 47a.
2
Less than two months after the District Court sentenced
Hughes, the Sentencing Commission adopted amendment
782 to the Guidelines. USSG App. C, Amdt. 782 (Supp.
Nov. 2012 -- Nov. 2016). The amendment reduced the base
offense level by two levels for most drug offenses. The
Commission later made amendment 782 retroactive for
defendants who, like Hughes, already had been sentenced
under the higher offense levels. Amdt. 788. Under the
revised Guidelines, Hughes' sentencing range is 151 to 188
months -- about three to four years lower than the range in
effect when he was sentenced.
Hughes filed a motion for a reduced sentence under
(2). The District Court denied the motion, con-
cluding that Hughes is ineligible for relief; and the Court
of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit affirmed. 849 F. 3d
1008, 1016 (2017); App. to Pet. for Cert. 28a. Both courts
concluded that the Freeman concurrence stated the hold-
ing of this Court under Marks, and that under the concur-
rence's interpretation Hughes was ineligible for a reduced
sentence because his plea agreement did not expressly rely
on a Guidelines range. 849 F. 3d, at 1015; App. to Pet. for
Cert. 25a. This Court granted certiorari. 583 U. S. ___.
II
A principal purpose of the Sentencing Guidelines is to
8 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

promote "uniformity in sentencing imposed by different
federal courts for similar criminal conduct." Molina-
Martinez, 578 U. S., at ___ (internal quota-
tion marks and alteration omitted; emphasis deleted). Yet
in the aftermath of Freeman, a defendant's eligibility for a
reduced sentence under (2) turns on the Circuit in
which the case arises. Further, even within Circuits that
follow the Freeman concurrence, unwarranted disparities
have resulted depending on the fortuity of whether a
defendant's Type-C agreement includes a specific-enough
reference to a Guidelines range. See Brief for National
Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers et al. as Amici
Curiae 13 -- 20. In some cases defendants have been held
ineligible for relief even where the sentencing hearing
makes it crystal clear that the Government and the de-
fendant agreed to a Guidelines sentence and the district
court imposed one. See, e.g., United States v. McNeese,
819 F. 3d 922, 929 (CA6 2016).
In addition this Court's precedents since Freeman have
further confirmed that the Guidelines remain the founda-
tion of federal sentencing decisions. In Peugh v. United
States, (2013), for example, the Court held
that the Ex Post Facto Clause prohibits retroactive appli-
cation of amended Guidelines that increase a defendant's
sentencing range. Id., at 544. The Court reasoned that,
Booker notwithstanding, the Guidelines remain "the lode-
stone of sentencing." 569 U. S., at 544. And in Molina-
Martinez, the Court held that in the ordinary case a de-
fendant suffers prejudice from a Guidelines error because
of "the systemic function of the selected Guidelines range."
578 U. S., at ___.
"The post-Booker federal sentencing scheme aims to
achieve uniformity by ensuring that sentencing decisions
are anchored by the Guidelines." Peugh, supra, at 541. In
this context clarity and consistency are essential. To
resolve the uncertainty that resulted from this Court's
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

divided decision in Freeman, the Court now holds that a
sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agreement is
"based on" the defendant's Guidelines range so long as
that range was part of the framework the district court
relied on in imposing the sentence or accepting the
agreement.
A
As already mentioned, (2) authorizes a district
court to reduce a defendant's sentence if the defendant
"has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment based on a
sentencing range that has subsequently been lowered by
the Sentencing Commission." A district court imposes a
sentence that is "based on" a Guidelines range if the range
was a basis for the court's exercise of discretion in impos-
ing a sentence. To "base" means "[t]o make, form, or serve
as a foundation for," or "[t]o use (something) as the thing
from which something else is developed." Black's Law
Dictionary 180 (10th ed. 2014). Likewise, a "base" is "[t]he
starting point or foundational part of something," or "[a]
point, part, line, or quantity from which a reckoning or
conclusion proceeds." Ibid.; see also ibid. (similarly defin-
ing "basis").
In the typical sentencing case there will be no question
that the defendant's Guidelines range was a basis for his
sentence. The Sentencing Reform Act requires a district
court to calculate and consider a defendant's Guidelines
range in every case. 18 U. S. C.. Indeed, the
Guidelines are "the starting point for every sentencing
calculation in the federal system." Peugh, supra, at 542;
see also Molina-Martinez, 578 U. S., at ___ 
("The Court has made clear that the Guidelines are to be
the sentencing court's starting point and initial bench-
mark" (internal quotation marks and alteration omitted)).
"Even if the sentencing judge sees a reason to vary from
the Guidelines, if the judge uses the sentencing range as
10 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

the beginning point to explain the decision to deviate from
it, then the Guidelines are in a real sense the basis for the
sentence." Ibid. (internal quotation marks omitted; em-
phasis deleted). In general, (2) allows district
courts to reconsider a prisoner's sentence based on a new
starting point -- that is, a lower Guidelines range -- and
determine whether a reduction in the prisoner's sentence
is appropriate.
A sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agreement is
no exception to the general rule that a defendant's Guide-
lines range is both the starting point and a basis for his
ultimate sentence. Although in a Type-C agreement the
Government and the defendant may agree to a specific
sentence, that bargain is contingent on the district court
accepting the agreement and its stipulated sentence.
Freeman, 564 U. S., at 529 -- 530. The Sentencing Guide-
lines prohibit district courts from accepting Type-C
agreements without first evaluating the recommended
sentence in light of the defendant's Guidelines range.
USSG.2(c). So in the usual case the court's ac-
ceptance of a Type-C agreement and the sentence to be
imposed pursuant to that agreement are "based on" the
defendant's Guidelines range.
To be sure, the Guidelines are advisory only, and so not
every sentence will be consistent with the relevant Guide-
lines range. See Koons v. United States, post, at 5 (de-
fendants' Guidelines ranges "clearly did not" form a basis
of the ultimate sentences). For example, in Koons the
Court today holds that five defendants' sentences were not
"based on" subsequently lowered Guidelines ranges be-
cause in that case the Guidelines and the record make
clear that the sentencing judge "discarded" their sen-
tencing ranges "in favor of mandatory minimums and
substantial-assistance factors." Post, at 5 -- 6; see also
Molina-Martinez, supra, at ___ ("The record
in a case may show, for example, that the district court
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of the Court

thought the sentence it chose was appropriate irrespective
of the Guidelines range").
If the Guidelines range was not "a relevant part of the
analytic framework the judge used to determine the sen-
tence or to approve the agreement," Freeman, supra, at
530, then the defendant's sentence was not based on that
sentencing range, and relief under (2) is unavail-
able. And that is so regardless of whether a defendant
pleaded guilty pursuant to a Type-C agreement or whether
the agreement itself referred to a Guidelines range.
The statutory language points to the reasons for the sen-
tence that the district court imposed, not the reasons for
the parties' plea agreement. Still, cases like Koons are a
narrow exception to the general rule that, in most cases, a
defendant's sentence will be "based on" his Guidelines
range. In federal sentencing the Guidelines are a district
court's starting point, so when the Commission lowers a
defendant's Guidelines range the defendant will be eligible
for relief under (2) absent clear demonstration,
based on the record as a whole, that the court would have
imposed the same sentence regardless of the Guidelines.
See Koons, post, at 4 -- 6.
This interpretation furthers (2)'s purpose, as
well as the broader purposes of the Sentencing Reform
Act. "The Act aims to create a comprehensive sentencing
scheme in which those who commit crimes of similar
severity under similar conditions receive similar sentences."
Freeman, 564 U. S., at 533. "Section 3582(c)(2) contri-
butes to that goal by ensuring that district courts may
adjust sentences imposed pursuant to a range that the
Commission concludes [is] too severe, out of step with the
seriousness of the crime and the sentencing ranges of
analogous offenses, and inconsistent with the Act's pur-
poses." Ibid. And there is no reason a defendant's eligibil-
ity for relief should turn on the form of his plea
agreement.
12 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Two cases decided after Freeman now reinforce this
proposition. See Molina-Martinez, 578 U. S., at ___ -- ___
( -- 11); Peugh, 569 U. S., at 541 -- 544. These
cases confirm that the Guidelines remain a basis for al-
most all federal sentences. In Peugh, the Court recognized
that "[e]ven after Booker rendered the Sentencing Guide-
lines advisory, district courts have in the vast majority of
cases imposed either within-Guidelines sentences or sen-
tences that depart downward from the Guidelines on the
Government's motion." Id., at 543. And in Molina-
Martinez, the Court explained that "[t]he Commission's
statistics demonstrate the real and pervasive effect the
Guidelines have on sentencing." 578 U. S., at ___. In short, experience has shown that, although the
interpretation proffered by JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's concur-
ring opinion in Freeman could be one permissible reading
of (2), the system Congress put in place is best
implemented, as a systemic, structural matter, by the
interpretation confirmed in the instant case.
B
In response, the Government largely recycles argu-
ments that a majority of this Court rejected in Freeman.
For example, the Government contends that allowing
defendants who enter Type-C agreements to seek reduced
sentences under (2) would deprive the Govern-
ment of one of the benefits of its bargain -- namely, the
defendant's agreement to a particular sentence. But that
has nothing to do with whether a defendant's sentence
was based on the Sentencing Guidelines under (2).
Freeman, 564 U. S., at 531; see also id., at 540 (opinion of
SOTOMAYOR, J.). And in any event, "[w]hat is at stake in
this case is a defendant's eligibility for relief, not the
extent of that relief." Id., at 532 (plurality opinion). Even
if a defendant is eligible for relief, before a district court
grants a reduction it must consider "the factors set forth in
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of the Court

section 3553(a) to the extent that they are applicable" and
the Commission's "applicable policy statements."
(2). The district court can consider the benefits
the defendant gained by entering a Type-C agreement
when it decides whether a reduction is appropriate (or
when it determines the extent of any reduction), "for the
statute permits but does not require the court to reduce a
sentence." Freeman, supra, at 532.
The Government also contends that allowing courts to
reduce the sentences of defendants like Hughes would be
inconsistent with the Commission's policy statement in
USSG.10, which provides that when a district court
modifies a sentence under (2) it "shall substitute
only the [retroactive] amendments listed in subsection (d)
for the corresponding guidelines provisions that were
applied when the defendant was sentenced and shall leave
all other guideline application decisions unaffected."
USSG.10(b)(1). According to the Government, no
"guidelines provisions" are "applied" when a defendant
enters a Type-C agreement because at the moment of
sentencing -- that is, after the court has already accepted
the agreement -- Rule 11 prohibits the court from imposing
any sentence other than the one the parties bargained for.
This argument fails for at least two reasons. First, the
Government's interpretation of.10 depends on an
artificial distinction between a court's decision to accept a
Type-C agreement and its decision to impose the agreed-
upon sentence. As explained above, a district court must
consider the defendant's "applicable Guidelines range"
when it decides whether to accept or reject the agreement,
USSG.2(c) -- often, as here, at the sentencing hear-
ing, after the court has reviewed the presentence report.
And as the Government itself points out, once the district
court accepts the agreement, the agreed-upon sentence is
the only sentence the court may impose. Thus, there is no
meaningful difference between a court's decision to accept
14 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

a Type-C agreement that includes a particular sentence
and the court's decision (sometimes, as here, just minutes
later) to impose that sentence.
Second, the Commission's policy statement "seeks to
isolate whatever marginal effect the since-rejected Guide-
line had on the defendant's sentence." Freeman, 564 U. S.,
at 530. Accordingly, relief under (2) should be
available to permit the district court to reconsider a prior
sentence to the extent the prisoner's Guidelines range was
a relevant part of the framework the judge used to accept
the agreement or determine the sentence. Ibid. If the
district court concludes that it would have imposed the
same sentence even if the defendant had been subject to
the lower range, then the court retains discretion to deny
relief.
C
In this case the District Court accepted Hughes' Type-C
agreement after concluding that a 180-month sentence
was consistent with the Sentencing Guidelines. App. to
Pet. for Cert. 33a. The court then calculated Hughes'
sentencing range and imposed a sentence that the court
deemed "compatible" with the Guidelines. Id., at 36a, 47a.
Thus, the sentencing range was a basis for the sentence
that the District Court imposed. That range has "subse-
quently been lowered by the Sentencing Commission," so
Hughes is eligible for relief under (2). The Court
expresses no view as to whether the District Court should
exercise its discretion to reduce Hughes' sentence after
considering the factors and the Commission's
relevant policy statements. See 18 U. S. C. (2).
* * *
For these reasons, the judgment of the Court of Appeals
is reversed, and the case is remanded for further proceed-
ings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 155
_________________

ERIK LINDSEY HUGHES, PETITIONER v.

UNITED STATES

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, concurring.
In Freeman v. United States, (2011),
this Court confronted the same question it definitively
resolves today: whether criminal defendants who enter
into plea agreements under Federal Rule of Criminal
Procedure 11(c)(1)(C) are eligible for sentencing reduc-
tions under 18 U. S. C. (2). Freeman ended in
a 4 -- 1 -- 4 decision that left lower courts confused as
to whether the plurality or the concurring opinion
controlled.
The plurality of four Justices in Freeman concluded
that defendants who plead guilty pursuant to a so-called
"Type-C agreement" may be eligible for a sentence re-
duction under (2) because Type-C sentences are
"based on the Guidelines" "to whatever extent the sen-
tencing range in question was a relevant part of the an-
alytic framework the judge used to determine the sen-
tence or to approve the agreement." 564 U. S., at 530.
Four Justices dissented. Id., at 544 -- 551 (opinion of
ROBERTS, C. J.). They would have held that a defendant
who pleads guilty pursuant to a Type-C agreement is
categorically ineligible for a sentence reduction under
(2) because such a sentence is always "based on"
the plea agreement, and not on the Guidelines. Id., at
544 -- 548.
2 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

Parting ways with all eight of my colleagues, I con-
curred only in the judgment. Id., at 534 -- 544. I held the
view that sentences imposed under Type-C agreements
are typically "based on" the agreements themselves, not
on the Guidelines. Id., at 535 -- 536. "In the (C) agree-
ment context," I explained, "it is the binding plea
agreement that is the foundation for the term of impris-
onment to which the defendant is sentenced." Id., at
535. But, in my view, that general rule was not abso-
lute. Rejecting the categorical rule adopted by the dis-
sent, I instead concluded that some Type-C sentences
were "based on" the Guidelines and thus eligible for sen-
tencing reductions under (2). Id., at 538 -- 539.
Specifically, I clarified that (2) relief was avail-
able in cases where the Type-C agreement "call[s] for
the defendant to be sentenced within a particular
Guidelines sentencing range," or in cases where the
"plea agreement... provide[s] for a specific term of im-
prisonment... but also make[s] clear that the basis for
the specified term is a Guidelines sentencing range."
Id., at 538 -- 539. Because Freeman's agreement presented
one such case, I agreed with the plurality that he was
eligible for a sentence reduction under (2). See
id., at 542 -- 544.
I continue to believe that my Freeman concurrence
sets forth the most convincing interpretation of
(2)'s statutory text. But I also acknowledge that
my concurrence precipitated a 4 -- 1 -- 4 decision that left
significant confusion in its wake. Because Freeman's
fractured disposition provided insufficient guidance,
courts of appeals have struggled over whether they
should follow the Freeman plurality or my separate con-
currence. See ante, at 2 -- 3. As a result, "in the after-
math of Freeman, a defendant's eligibility for a reduced
sentence under (2) turns on the Circuit in which
the case arises." Ante, at 8. And, "even within Circuits
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

that follow the Freeman concurrence, unwarranted dis-
parities have resulted depending on the fortuity of
whether a defendant's Type-C agreement includes a
specific-enough reference to a Guidelines range." Ibid.
The integrity and legitimacy of our criminal justice
system depend upon consistency, predictability, and
evenhandedness. Regrettably, the divided decisions in
Freeman, and my concurrence in particular, have done
little to foster those foundational principles. Quite the
opposite, my individual views, which "[n]o other Justice... shares," have contributed to ongoing discord among
the lower courts, sown confusion among litigants, and
left "the governing rule uncertain." Arizona v. Gant,
(2009) (Scalia, J., concurring); see
Brief for National Association of Criminal Defense Law-
yers et al. as Amici Curiae 3 -- 27 (arguing that the Free-
man concurrence leads to unpredictable and incon-
sistent results).
I therefore join the majority in full because doing so
helps to ensure clarity and stability in the law and pro-
motes "uniformity in sentencing imposed by different
federal courts for similar criminal conduct." Molina-
Martinez v. United States, 578 U. S. ___, ___ (2016) (internal quotation marks and alteration omit-
ted; emphasis deleted). Today's majority opinion charts
a clear path forward: It mitigates the inconsistencies
and disparities occasioned (at least in part) by my con-
currence. It ensures that similarly situated defendants
are subject to a uniform legal rule. It studiously ad-
heres to "this Court's precedents since Freeman," which
firmly establish "that the Guidelines remain the founda-
tion of federal sentencing decisions." Ante, at 8; see
ante, at 12 (discussing Molina-Martinez, 578 U. S. ___;
Peugh v. United States, (2013)). And it
aligns more closely than the dissent does with the view I
4 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

articulated in Freeman.1 For all these reasons, I now
lend my vote to the majority and accede in its holding
"that a sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agree-
ment is 'based on' the defendant's Guidelines range so
long as that range was part of the framework the dis-
trict court relied on in imposing the sentence or accept-
ing the agreement." Ante, at 9.2

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Unlike the majority, the dissent's position is incompatible with my

view in Freeman (and in this case) that criminal defendants who plead
guilty under Type-C agreements are not categorically ineligible for
relief under (2). See 564 U. S., at 538 -- 540 (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
concurring in judgment). Accordingly, I continue to "reject the categori-
cal rule advanced by the Government and endorsed by the dissent."
Id., at 539.
2 I am sensitive to the Government's contention that allowing crimi-

nal defendants to obtain reductions of Type-C sentences under
(2) might deprive the Government of the benefit of its bargain.
Brief for United States 52. But, as the majority persuasively explains,
that argument "has nothing to do with whether a defendant's sentence
was based on the Sentencing Guidelines under (2)" and there-
fore has no bearing on whether a defendant who has entered into a
Type-C agreement is eligible for a sentence reduction. Ante, at 12; see
Freeman, 564 U. S., at 532 (plurality opinion) ("What is at stake... is a
defendant's eligibility for relief, not the extent of that relief "). All that
said, there may be circumstances in which the Government makes
substantial concessions in entering into a Type-C agreement with a
defendant -- e.g., by declining to pursue easily proved and weighty
sentencing enhancements -- such that there is a compelling case that
the agreed-upon sentence in the Type-C agreement would not have
been affected if the subsequently lowered Guidelines range had been in
place at the relevant time. If such circumstances exist, I expect that
district courts will take that into account when deciding whether, and
to what extent, a Type-C sentence should be reduced under (2).
See ante, at 12 -- 13.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 155
_________________

ERIK LINDSEY HUGHES, PETITIONER v.

UNITED STATES

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT

[June 4, 2018]

CHIEF JUSTICE ROBERTS, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS
and JUSTICE ALITO join, dissenting.
Seven years ago, four Justices took the position that a
defendant sentenced to a term of imprisonment specified
in a binding plea agreement may have been sentenced
"based on" a Sentencing Guidelines range, simply because
the district court must consider the Guidelines in deciding
whether to accept the agreement. Freeman v. United
States, -- 530 (2011) (plurality opinion).
That view has since garnered more votes, but has not
gotten any more persuasive.
A defendant is eligible for a sentence reduction following
a retroactive Guidelines amendment if he was "sentenced
to a term of imprisonment based on a sentencing range
that has subsequently been lowered by the Sentencing
Commission." 18 U. S. C. (2). When a defendant
enters into a binding "Type-C" plea agreement pursuant to
Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 11(c)(1)(C), however,
the resulting sentence is "dictated by the terms of the
agreement entered into by the parties, not the judge's
Guidelines calculation." Freeman, 564 U. S., at 536
(SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment). Five Justices
recognized as much in Freeman. See ibid.; id., at 544
(ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting).
If a defendant pleads guilty pursuant to a Type-C
2 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

agreement specifying a particular term of imprisonment,
the district court may sentence him only to that term. See
Fed. Rule Crim. Proc. 11(c)(1)(C) (the parties' choice of an
"appropriate" sentence "binds the court once the court
accepts the plea agreement"). If the judge considers the
parties' chosen sentence to be inappropriate, he does not
have discretion to impose a different one. Instead, the
court's only option is to reject the agreement and afford
the defendant the opportunity to be released from his
guilty plea. See Fed. Rules Crim. Proc. 11(c)(3)(A), (4), (5).
As the Court points out, a district court considering
whether to accept a Type-C agreement must consult the
Guidelines, as the District Court did here. Ante, at 5; see
App. to Pet. for Cert. 32a -- 36a. But "when determining the
sentence to impose," the district court may base its deci-
sion on "one thing and one thing only -- the plea agree-
ment." Freeman, 564 U. S., at 545 (ROBERTS, C. J., dis-
senting). The Court characterizes this distinction as
"artificial," arguing that the district court's ultimate impo-
sition of a sentence often has as much to do with its Guide-
lines calculation as anything else. Ante, at 13; see ante,
at 10 -- 11. But that is not so: With a Type-C agreement,
the sentence is set by the parties, not by a judge applying
the Guidelines. Far from being "artificial," that distinc-
tion is central to what makes a Type-C plea a Type-C plea.
"In the (C) agreement context" it is "the binding plea
agreement that is the foundation for the term of impris-
onment." Freeman, 564 U. S., at 535 (opinion of
SOTOMAYOR, J.). "To hold otherwise would be to contra-
vene the very purpose of (C) agreements -- to bind the
district court and allow the Government and the defend-
ant to determine what sentence he will receive." Id., at
536.
That commonsense understanding accords with our
reading of the phrase "based upon" in the context of decid-
ing when a cause of action is based upon particular con-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

duct. In Saudi Arabia v. Nelson, (1993), we
considered a provision in the Foreign Sovereign Immuni-
ties Act of 1976 providing an exception to a foreign state's
immunity when "the action is based upon a commercial
activity carried on in the United States by the foreign
state." 28 U. S. C. (2). We said that the phrase
did not encompass a foreign state's activity that "led to"
the tortious conduct. 507 U. S., at 358. Instead, we inter-
preted the phrase to refer only to the conduct that forms
"the 'basis,' " or "foundation," of the cause of action -- that
is, "the 'gravamen of the complaint.' " Id., at 357. And as
we explained, the "torts, and not the arguably commercial
activities that preceded their commission, form the basis
for the [plaintiffs'] suit." Id., at 358. So too here: The
Type-C agreement, and not the Guidelines calculation that
preceded its acceptance, forms the basis for the sentence.
More recently, in OBB Personenverkehr AG v. Sachs,
577 U. S. ___ (2015), we found that a cause of action was
not "based upon" commercial activity when the activity
established just one element of the action. The phrase
"based upon," we explained, instead looks to "the core of
[the] suit" and what the claims "turn on." Id., at ___ -- ___
( -- 8). Here the sentence that petitioner
Hughes received "turned on" the agreement, not the
Guidelines or anything else.
The Court finds new justification for its interpretation
in Peugh v. United States, (2013), and Molina-
Martinez v. United States, 578 U. S. ___ (2016). But those
cases -- which do not concern the language of (2) or
sentencing pursuant to Type-C agreements -- do not inform
the distinct question at hand. I agree that when a district
court has discretion to select an appropriate sentence, the
resulting sentence can often be said to be based on the
advisory Guidelines range. See Peugh, 569 U. S., at 541
(describing sentences under the post-Booker scheme as
"anchored by the Guidelines," see United States v. Booker,
4 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

(2005)); Molina-Martinez, 578 U. S., at ___
("[i]n the ordinary case" the Guidelines
"anchor the court's discretion in selecting an appropriate
sentence"). But there are circumstances where the district
court's discretion is confined such that the Guidelines
range does not play a meaningful part in the ultimate
determination of the defendant's sentence. One such
scenario is when an applicable mandatory minimum
supersedes the Guidelines range. See Koons v. United
States, ___ (2018) (a Guide-
lines range can be "overridden" by "a congressionally
mandated minimum sentence"). Another is the situation
before us, where Rule 11(c)(1)(C) compels the district court
to sentence the defendant to a term chosen by the parties,
or none at all.
Finally, as five Members of this Court recognized in
Freeman, "[a]llowing district courts later to reduce a term
of imprisonment simply because the court itself considered
the Guidelines in deciding whether to accept the agree-
ment would transform (2) into a mechanism by
which courts could rewrite the terms of (C) agreements in
ways not contemplated by the parties." 564 U. S., at 536 -- 
537 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.); see id., at 545 (ROBERTS,
C. J., dissenting). The Court dismisses this point as hav-
ing "nothing to do with whether a defendant's sentence
was based on the Sentencing Guidelines." Ante, at 12.
But of course it does. The very purpose of a Type-C
agreement is to present the defendant's sentence to the
district court on a take-it-or-leave-it basis, preventing the
district judge from altering the sentence as he sees
fit. The Court's interpretation of (2) allows for
just such revision, possibly many years down the line,
when the Government has already fulfilled its side of the
bargain.
The Court justifies this result by arguing that its rule
ensures that "those who commit crimes of similar severity
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

under similar conditions receive similar sentences." Ante,
at 11. But that ignores the crucial way in which Type-C
defendants are not similarly situated to other defendants.
They entered into binding agreements -- based on the
unique facts of their cases and their negotiations with
prosecutors -- and received benefits (often quite significant
ones) that other defendants do not. The facts of this case
provide a striking illustration. In exchange for the cer-
tainty of a binding 180-month sentence, the Government
not only dropped additional charges against Hughes, but
also promised not to pursue a recidivist enhancement that
would have imprisoned him for life.
The Court stresses that the question presented concerns
only a Type-C defendant's eligibility under (2),
and that the district court might exercise its discretion to
deny a reduction if it "concludes that it would have im-
posed the same sentence even if the defendant had been
subject to the lower range." Ante, at 14; see ante, at 13
(suggesting that the district court "can consider the bene-
fits the defendant gained by entering a Type-C agreement"
in deciding "whether a reduction is appropriate"). But
even if the district court ultimately decides against a
reduction, the Government will be forced to litigate the
issue in the meantime -- nullifying another of its benefits
from the Type-C agreement. To secure the sentence to
which the parties already agreed, the Government likely
will have to recreate the state of play from the original
plea negotiations and sentencing to make counterfactual
"what if " arguments -- which, naturally, the defendant will
then try to rebut. Settling this debate is unlikely to be as
straightforward as the Court anticipates.
The point is a very practical one: Hughes pleaded guilty
and entered into a binding agreement because he other-
wise was looking at life in prison. Although the District
Court dutifully performed the required Guidelines calcula-
tions, Hughes's sentence was based on the agreement, not
6 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

the Guidelines range. Hughes should not receive a wind-
fall benefit because that range has been changed.
The Government may well be able to limit the frustrat-
ing effects of today's decision in the long run. Going for-
ward, it presumably can add a provision to every Type-C
agreement in which the defendant agrees to waive any
right to seek a sentence reduction following future Guide-
lines amendments. See Brief for Petitioner 34 -- 35 (refer-
ring to the possibility of such an "explicit waiver"). But
that is no comfort when it comes to cases like this one,
where the parties understood their choice of sentence to be
binding.
I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
In 2012 a same-sex couple visited Masterpiece
Cakeshop, a bakery in Colorado, to make inquiries about
ordering a cake for their wedding reception. The shop's
owner told the couple that he would not create a cake for
their wedding because of his religious opposition to same-
sex marriages -- marriages the State of Colorado itself did
not recognize at that time. The couple filed a charge with
the Colorado Civil Rights Commission alleging discrimina-
tion on the basis of sexual orientation in violation of the
Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act.
The Commission determined that the shop's actions
violated the Act and ruled in the couple's favor. The Colo-
rado state courts affirmed the ruling and its enforcement
order, and this Court now must decide whether the Com-
mission's order violated the Constitution.
The case presents difficult questions as to the proper
reconciliation of at least two principles. The first is the
authority of a State and its governmental entities to pro-
tect the rights and dignity of gay persons who are, or wish
to be, married but who face discrimination when they seek
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

goods or services. The second is the right of all persons to
exercise fundamental freedoms under the First Amend-
ment, as applied to the States through the Fourteenth
Amendment.
The freedoms asserted here are both the freedom of
speech and the free exercise of religion. The free speech
aspect of this case is difficult, for few persons who have
seen a beautiful wedding cake might have thought of its
creation as an exercise of protected speech. This is an
instructive example, however, of the proposition that the
application of constitutional freedoms in new contexts can
deepen our understanding of their meaning.
One of the difficulties in this case is that the parties
disagree as to the extent of the baker's refusal to provide
service. If a baker refused to design a special cake with
words or images celebrating the marriage -- for instance, a
cake showing words with religious meaning -- that might
be different from a refusal to sell any cake at all. In defin-
ing whether a baker's creation can be protected, these
details might make a difference.
The same difficulties arise in determining whether a
baker has a valid free exercise claim. A baker's refusal to
attend the wedding to ensure that the cake is cut the right
way, or a refusal to put certain religious words or decora-
tions on the cake, or even a refusal to sell a cake that has
been baked for the public generally but includes certain
religious words or symbols on it are just three examples of
possibilities that seem all but endless.
Whatever the confluence of speech and free exercise
principles might be in some cases, the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission's consideration of this case was incon-
sistent with the State's obligation of religious neutrality.
The reason and motive for the baker's refusal were based
on his sincere religious beliefs and convictions. The
Court's precedents make clear that the baker, in his capac-
ity as the owner of a business serving the public, might
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

have his right to the free exercise of religion limited by
generally applicable laws. Still, the delicate question of
when the free exercise of his religion must yield to an
otherwise valid exercise of state power needed to be de-
termined in an adjudication in which religious hostility on
the part of the State itself would not be a factor in the
balance the State sought to reach. That requirement,
however, was not met here. When the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission considered this case, it did not do
so with the religious neutrality that the Constitution
requires.
Given all these considerations, it is proper to hold that
whatever the outcome of some future controversy involv-
ing facts similar to these, the Commission's actions here
violated the Free Exercise Clause; and its order must be
set aside.
I

A

Masterpiece Cakeshop, Ltd., is a bakery in Lakewood,
Colorado, a suburb of Denver. The shop offers a variety of
baked goods, ranging from everyday cookies and brownies
to elaborate custom-designed cakes for birthday parties,
weddings, and other events.
Jack Phillips is an expert baker who has owned and
operated the shop for 24 years. Phillips is a devout Chris-
tian. He has explained that his "main goal in life is to be
obedient to" Jesus Christ and Christ's "teachings in all
aspects of his life." App. 148. And he seeks to "honor God
through his work at Masterpiece Cakeshop." Ibid. One of
Phillips' religious beliefs is that "God's intention for mar-
riage from the beginning of history is that it is and should
be the union of one man and one woman." Id., at 149. To
Phillips, creating a wedding cake for a same-sex wedding
would be equivalent to participating in a celebration that
is contrary to his own most deeply held beliefs.
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

Phillips met Charlie Craig and Dave Mullins when they
entered his shop in the summer of 2012. Craig and Mul-
lins were planning to marry. At that time, Colorado did
not recognize same-sex marriages, so the couple planned
to wed legally in Massachusetts and afterwards to host a
reception for their family and friends in Denver. To pre-
pare for their celebration, Craig and Mullins visited the
shop and told Phillips that they were interested in order-
ing a cake for "our wedding." Id., at 152 (emphasis de-
leted). They did not mention the design of the cake they
envisioned.
Phillips informed the couple that he does not "create"
wedding cakes for same-sex weddings. Ibid. He ex-
plained, "I'll make your birthday cakes, shower cakes, sell
you cookies and brownies, I just don't make cakes for same
sex weddings." Ibid. The couple left the shop without
further discussion.
The following day, Craig's mother, who had accompa-
nied the couple to the cakeshop and been present for their
interaction with Phillips, telephoned to ask Phillips why
he had declined to serve her son. Phillips explained that
he does not create wedding cakes for same-sex weddings
because of his religious opposition to same-sex marriage,
and also because Colorado (at that time) did not recognize
same-sex marriages. Id., at 153. He later explained his
belief that "to create a wedding cake for an event that
celebrates something that directly goes against the teach-
ings of the Bible, would have been a personal endorsement
and participation in the ceremony and relationship that
they were entering into." Ibid. (emphasis deleted).
B
For most of its history, Colorado has prohibited discrim-
ination in places of public accommodation. In 1885, less
than a decade after Colorado achieved statehood, the
General Assembly passed "An Act to Protect All Citizens
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

in Their Civil Rights," which guaranteed "full and equal
enjoyment" of certain public facilities to "all citizens,"
"regardless of race, color or previous condition of servi-
tude." 1885 Colo. Sess. Laws pp. 132 -- 133. A decade later,
the General Assembly expanded the requirement to apply
to "all other places of public accommodation." 1895 Colo.
Sess. Laws ch. 61, p. 139.
Today, the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act (CADA)
carries forward the state's tradition of prohibiting discrim-
ination in places of public accommodation. Amended in
2007 and 2008 to prohibit discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation as well as other protected characteris-
tics, CADA in relevant part provides as follows:

"It is a discriminatory practice and unlawful for a per-
son, directly or indirectly, to refuse, withhold from, or
deny to an individual or a group, because of disability,
race, creed, color, sex, sexual orientation, marital sta-
tus, national origin, or ancestry, the full and equal en-
joyment of the goods, services, facilities, privileges,
advantages, or accommodations of a place of public ac-
commodation." Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 34 -- 601(2)(a)
(2017).

The Act defines "public accommodation" broadly to include
any "place of business engaged in any sales to the public
and any place offering services... to the public," but
excludes "a church, synagogue, mosque, or other place that
is principally used for religious purposes." -- 34 -- 601(1).
CADA establishes an administrative system for the
resolution of discrimination claims. Complaints of dis-
crimination in violation of CADA are addressed in the first
instance by the Colorado Civil Rights Division. The Divi-
sion investigates each claim; and if it finds probable cause
that CADA has been violated, it will refer the matter to
the Colorado Civil Rights Commission. The Commission,
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

in turn, decides whether to initiate a formal hearing be-
fore a state Administrative Law Judge (ALJ), who will
hear evidence and argument before issuing a written
decision. See -- 34 -- 306, 24 -- 4 -- 105(14). The decision of
the ALJ may be appealed to the full Commission, a seven-
member appointed body. The Commission holds a public
hearing and deliberative session before voting on the case.
If the Commission determines that the evidence proves a
CADA violation, it may impose remedial measures as
provided by statute. See -- 34 -- 306(9). Available reme-
dies include, among other things, orders to cease-and-
desist a discriminatory policy, to file regular compliance
reports with the Commission, and "to take affirmative
action, including the posting of notices setting forth the
substantive rights of the public." -- 34 -- 605. Colorado
law does not permit the Commission to assess money
damages or fines. -- 34 -- 306(9), 24 -- 34 -- 605.
C
Craig and Mullins filed a discrimination complaint
against Masterpiece Cakeshop and Phillips in August
2012, shortly after the couple's visit to the shop. App. 31.
The complaint alleged that Craig and Mullins had been
denied "full and equal service" at the bakery because of
their sexual orientation, id., at 35, 48, and that it was
Phillips' "standard business practice" not to provide cakes
for same-sex weddings, id., at 43.
The Civil Rights Division opened an investigation. The
investigator found that "on multiple occasions," Phillips
"turned away potential customers on the basis of their
sexual orientation, stating that he could not create a cake
for a same-sex wedding ceremony or reception" because
his religious beliefs prohibited it and because the potential
customers "were doing something illegal" at that time.
Id., at 76. The investigation found that Phillips had de-
clined to sell custom wedding cakes to about six other
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

same-sex couples on this basis. Id., at 72. The investiga-
tor also recounted that, according to affidavits submitted
by Craig and Mullins, Phillips' shop had refused to sell
cupcakes to a lesbian couple for their commitment celebra-
tion because the shop "had a policy of not selling baked
goods to same-sex couples for this type of event." Id., at
73. Based on these findings, the Division found probable
cause that Phillips violated CADA and referred the case to
the Civil Rights Commission. Id., at 69.
The Commission found it proper to conduct a formal
hearing, and it sent the case to a State ALJ. Finding no
dispute as to material facts, the ALJ entertained cross-
motions for summary judgment and ruled in the couple's
favor. The ALJ first rejected Phillips' argument that
declining to make or create a wedding cake for Craig and
Mullins did not violate Colorado law. It was undisputed
that the shop is subject to state public accommodations
laws. And the ALJ determined that Phillips' actions
constituted prohibited discrimination on the basis of sex-
ual orientation, not simply opposition to same-sex marriage
as Phillips contended. App. to Pet. for Cert. 68a -- 72a.
Phillips raised two constitutional claims before the ALJ.
He first asserted that applying CADA in a way that would
require him to create a cake for a same-sex wedding would
violate his First Amendment right to free speech by com-
pelling him to exercise his artistic talents to express a
message with which he disagreed. The ALJ rejected the
contention that preparing a wedding cake is a form of
protected speech and did not agree that creating Craig and
Mullins' cake would force Phillips to adhere to "an ideolog-
ical point of view." Id., at 75a. Applying CADA to the
facts at hand, in the ALJ's view, did not interfere with
Phillips' freedom of speech.
Phillips also contended that requiring him to create
cakes for same-sex weddings would violate his right to the
free exercise of religion, also protected by the First
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

Amendment. Citing this Court's precedent in Employment
Div., Dept. of Human Resources of Ore. v. Smith, (1990), the ALJ determined that CADA is a "valid and
neutral law of general applicability" and therefore that
applying it to Phillips in this case did not violate the Free
Exercise Clause. Id., at 879; App. to Pet. for Cert. 82a -- 
83a. The ALJ thus ruled against Phillips and the
cakeshop and in favor of Craig and Mullins on both consti-
tutional claims.
The Commission affirmed the ALJ's decision in full. Id.,
at 57a. The Commission ordered Phillips to "cease and
desist from discriminating against... same-sex couples by
refusing to sell them wedding cakes or any product [they]
would sell to heterosexual couples." Ibid. It also ordered
additional remedial measures, including "comprehensive
staff training on the Public Accommodations section" of
CADA "and changes to any and all company policies to
comply with... this Order." Id., at 58a. The Commission
additionally required Phillips to prepare "quarterly com-
pliance reports" for a period of two years documenting "the
number of patrons denied service" and why, along with "a
statement describing the remedial actions taken." Ibid.
Phillips appealed to the Colorado Court of Appeals,
which affirmed the Commission's legal determinations and
remedial order. The court rejected the argument that the
"Commission's order unconstitutionally compels" Phillips
and the shop "to convey a celebratory message about same
sex marriage." Craig v. Masterpiece Cakeshop, Inc., 370
P. 3d 272, 283 (2015). The court also rejected the argu-
ment that the Commission's order violated the Free Exer-
cise Clause. Relying on this Court's precedent in Smith,
supra, at 879, the court stated that the Free Exercise
Clause "does not relieve an individual of the obligation to
comply with a valid and neutral law of general applicabil-
ity" on the ground that following the law would interfere
with religious practice or belief. 370 P. 3d, at 289. The
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

court concluded that requiring Phillips to comply with the
statute did not violate his free exercise rights. The Colo-
rado Supreme Court declined to hear the case.
Phillips sought review here, and this Court granted
certiorari. 582 U. S. ___ (2017). He now renews his claims
under the Free Speech and Free Exercise Clauses of the
First Amendment.
II

A

Our society has come to the recognition that gay persons
and gay couples cannot be treated as social outcasts or as
inferior in dignity and worth. For that reason the laws
and the Constitution can, and in some instances must,
protect them in the exercise of their civil rights. The
exercise of their freedom on terms equal to others must be
given great weight and respect by the courts. At the same
time, the religious and philosophical objections to gay
marriage are protected views and in some instances pro-
tected forms of expression. As this Court observed in
Obergefell v. Hodges, 576 U. S. ___ (2015), "[t]he First
Amendment ensures that religious organizations and
persons are given proper protection as they seek to teach
the principles that are so fulfilling and so central to their
lives and faiths." Id., at ___. Nevertheless,
while those religious and philosophical objections are
protected, it is a general rule that such objections do not
allow business owners and other actors in the economy
and in society to deny protected persons equal access to
goods and services under a neutral and generally applica-
ble public accommodations law. See Newman v. Piggy
Park Enterprises, Inc., (1968) (per
curiam); see also Hurley v. Irish-American Gay, Lesbian
and Bisexual Group of Boston, Inc., 
(1995) ("Provisions like these are well within the State's
usual power to enact when a legislature has reason to
10 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

believe that a given group is the target of discrimination,
and they do not, as a general matter, violate the First or
Fourteenth Amendments").
When it comes to weddings, it can be assumed that a
member of the clergy who objects to gay marriage on
moral and religious grounds could not be compelled to
perform the ceremony without denial of his or her right to
the free exercise of religion. This refusal would be well
understood in our constitutional order as an exercise of
religion, an exercise that gay persons could recognize and
accept without serious diminishment to their own dignity
and worth. Yet if that exception were not confined, then a
long list of persons who provide goods and services for
marriages and weddings might refuse to do so for gay
persons, thus resulting in a community-wide stigma in-
consistent with the history and dynamics of civil rights
laws that ensure equal access to goods, services, and
public accommodations.
It is unexceptional that Colorado law can protect gay
persons, just as it can protect other classes of individuals,
in acquiring whatever products and services they choose
on the same terms and conditions as are offered to other
members of the public. And there are no doubt innumera-
ble goods and services that no one could argue implicate
the First Amendment. Petitioners conceded, moreover,
that if a baker refused to sell any goods or any cakes for
gay weddings, that would be a different matter and the
State would have a strong case under this Court's prece-
dents that this would be a denial of goods and services
that went beyond any protected rights of a baker who
offers goods and services to the general public and is
subject to a neutrally applied and generally applicable
public accommodations law. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 4 -- 7, 10.
Phillips claims, however, that a narrower issue is pre-
sented. He argues that he had to use his artistic skills to
make an expressive statement, a wedding endorsement in
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of the Court

his own voice and of his own creation. As Phillips would
see the case, this contention has a significant First
Amendment speech component and implicates his deep
and sincere religious beliefs. In this context the baker
likely found it difficult to find a line where the customers'
rights to goods and services became a demand for him to
exercise the right of his own personal expression for their
message, a message he could not express in a way con-
sistent with his religious beliefs.
Phillips' dilemma was particularly understandable
given the background of legal principles and administra-
tion of the law in Colorado at that time. His decision and
his actions leading to the refusal of service all occurred in
the year 2012. At that point, Colorado did not recognize
the validity of gay marriages performed in its own State.
See Colo. Const., Art. II, (2012); 370 P. 3d, at 277. At
the time of the events in question, this Court had not
issued its decisions either in United States v. Windsor, (2013), or Obergefell. Since the State itself did
not allow those marriages to be performed in Colorado,
there is some force to the argument that the baker was not
unreasonable in deeming it lawful to decline to take an
action that he understood to be an expression of support
for their validity when that expression was contrary to his
sincerely held religious beliefs, at least insofar as his
refusal was limited to refusing to create and express a
message in support of gay marriage, even one planned to
take place in another State.
At the time, state law also afforded storekeepers some
latitude to decline to create specific messages the store-
keeper considered offensive. Indeed, while enforcement
proceedings against Phillips were ongoing, the Colorado
Civil Rights Division itself endorsed this proposition in
cases involving other bakers' creation of cakes, concluding
on at least three occasions that a baker acted lawfully in
declining to create cakes with decorations that demeaned
12 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

gay persons or gay marriages. See Jack v. Gateaux, Ltd.,
Charge No. P20140071X (Mar. 24, 2015); Jack v. Le Bak-
ery Sensual, Inc., Charge No. P20140070X (Mar. 24, 2015);
Jack v. Azucar Bakery, Charge No. P20140069X (Mar. 24,
2015).
There were, to be sure, responses to these arguments
that the State could make when it contended for a differ-
ent result in seeking the enforcement of its generally
applicable state regulations of businesses that serve the
public. And any decision in favor of the baker would have
to be sufficiently constrained, lest all purveyors of goods
and services who object to gay marriages for moral and
religious reasons in effect be allowed to put up signs say-
ing "no goods or services will be sold if they will be used
for gay marriages," something that would impose a serious
stigma on gay persons. But, nonetheless, Phillips was
entitled to the neutral and respectful consideration of his
claims in all the circumstances of the case.
B
The neutral and respectful consideration to which Phil-
lips was entitled was compromised here, however. The
Civil Rights Commission's treatment of his case has some
elements of a clear and impermissible hostility toward the
sincere religious beliefs that motivated his objection.
That hostility surfaced at the Commission's formal,
public hearings, as shown by the record. On May 30,
2014, the seven-member Commission convened publicly to
consider Phillips' case. At several points during its meet-
ing, commissioners endorsed the view that religious beliefs
cannot legitimately be carried into the public sphere or
commercial domain, implying that religious beliefs and
persons are less than fully welcome in Colorado's business
community. One commissioner suggested that Phillips
can believe "what he wants to believe," but cannot act on
his religious beliefs "if he decides to do business in the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of the Court

state." Tr. 23. A few moments later, the commissioner
restated the same position: "[I]f a businessman wants to
do business in the state and he's got an issue with the -- 
the law's impacting his personal belief system, he needs to
look at being able to compromise." Id., at 30. Standing
alone, these statements are susceptible of different inter-
pretations. On the one hand, they might mean simply
that a business cannot refuse to provide services based on
sexual orientation, regardless of the proprietor's personal
views. On the other hand, they might be seen as inappro-
priate and dismissive comments showing lack of due
consideration for Phillips' free exercise rights and the
dilemma he faced. In view of the comments that followed,
the latter seems the more likely.
On July 25, 2014, the Commission met again. This
meeting, too, was conducted in public and on the record.
On this occasion another commissioner made specific
reference to the previous meeting's discussion but said far
more to disparage Phillips' beliefs. The commissioner
stated:

"I would also like to reiterate what we said in the
hearing or the last meeting. Freedom of religion and
religion has been used to justify all kinds of discrimi-
nation throughout history, whether it be slavery,
whether it be the holocaust, whether it be -- I mean,
we -- we can list hundreds of situations where freedom
of religion has been used to justify discrimination.
And to me it is one of the most despicable pieces of
rhetoric that people can use to -- to use their religion
to hurt others." Tr. 11 -- 12.

To describe a man's faith as "one of the most despicable
pieces of rhetoric that people can use" is to disparage his
religion in at least two distinct ways: by describing it as
despicable, and also by characterizing it as merely rhetori-
14 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

cal -- something insubstantial and even insincere. The
commissioner even went so far as to compare Phillips'
invocation of his sincerely held religious beliefs to defenses
of slavery and the Holocaust. This sentiment is inappro-
priate for a Commission charged with the solemn respon-
sibility of fair and neutral enforcement of Colorado's anti-
discrimination law -- a law that protects discrimination on
the basis of religion as well as sexual orientation.
The record shows no objection to these comments from
other commissioners. And the later state-court ruling
reviewing the Commission's decision did not mention
those comments, much less express concern with their
content. Nor were the comments by the commissioners
disavowed in the briefs filed in this Court. For these
reasons, the Court cannot avoid the conclusion that these
statements cast doubt on the fairness and impartiality of
the Commission's adjudication of Phillips' case. Members
of the Court have disagreed on the question whether
statements made by lawmakers may properly be taken
into account in determining whether a law intentionally
discriminates on the basis of religion. See Church of
Lukumi Babalu Aye, Inc. v. Hialeah, -- 
542 (1993); id., at 558 (Scalia, J., concurring in part and
concurring in judgment). In this case, however, the re-
marks were made in a very different context -- by an adju-
dicatory body deciding a particular case.
Another indication of hostility is the difference in treat-
ment between Phillips' case and the cases of other bakers
who objected to a requested cake on the basis of conscience
and prevailed before the Commission.
As noted above, on at least three other occasions the
Civil Rights Division considered the refusal of bakers to
create cakes with images that conveyed disapproval of
same-sex marriage, along with religious text. Each time,
the Division found that the baker acted lawfully in refus-
ing service. It made these determinations because, in the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 15

Opinion of the Court

words of the Division, the requested cake included "word-
ing and images [the baker] deemed derogatory," Jack v.
Gateaux, Ltd., Charge No. P20140071X, at 4; featured
"language and images [the baker] deemed hateful," Jack v.
Le Bakery Sensual, Inc., Charge No. P20140070X, at 4; or
displayed a message the baker "deemed as discriminatory,
Jack v. Azucar Bakery, Charge No. P20140069X, at 4.
The treatment of the conscience-based objections at
issue in these three cases contrasts with the Commission's
treatment of Phillips' objection. The Commission ruled
against Phillips in part on the theory that any message
the requested wedding cake would carry would be at-
tributed to the customer, not to the baker. Yet the Divi-
sion did not address this point in any of the other cases
with respect to the cakes depicting anti-gay marriage
symbolism. Additionally, the Division found no violation
of CADA in the other cases in part because each bakery
was willing to sell other products, including those depict-
ing Christian themes, to the prospective customers. But
the Commission dismissed Phillips' willingness to sell
"birthday cakes, shower cakes, [and] cookies and brown-
ies," App. 152, to gay and lesbian customers as irrelevant.
The treatment of the other cases and Phillips' case could
reasonably be interpreted as being inconsistent as to the
question of whether speech is involved, quite apart from
whether the cases should ultimately be distinguished. In
short, the Commission's consideration of Phillips' religious
objection did not accord with its treatment of these other
objections.
Before the Colorado Court of Appeals, Phillips protested
that this disparity in treatment reflected hostility on the
part of the Commission toward his beliefs. He argued that
the Commission had treated the other bakers' conscience-
based objections as legitimate, but treated his as illegiti-
mate -- thus sitting in judgment of his religious beliefs
themselves. The Court of Appeals addressed the disparity
16 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

only in passing and relegated its complete analysis of the
issue to a footnote. There, the court stated that "[t]his
case is distinguishable from the Colorado Civil Rights
Division's recent findings that [the other bakeries] in
Denver did not discriminate against a Christian patron on
the basis of his creed" when they refused to create the
requested cakes. 370 P. 3d, at 282,. In those cases,
the court continued, there was no impermissible discrimi-
nation because "the Division found that the bakeries...
refuse[d] the patron's request... because of the offensive
nature of the requested message." Ibid.
A principled rationale for the difference in treatment of
these two instances cannot be based on the government's
own assessment of offensiveness. Just as "no official, high
or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics,
nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion," West
Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943),
it is not, as the Court has repeatedly held, the role of the
State or its officials to prescribe what shall be offensive.
See Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2017) (opinion of
ALITO, J.) ( -- 23). The Colorado court's at-
tempt to account for the difference in treatment elevates
one view of what is offensive over another and itself sends
a signal of official disapproval of Phillips' religious beliefs.
The court's footnote does not, therefore, answer the
baker's concern that the State's practice was to disfavor
the religious basis of his objection.
C
For the reasons just described, the Commission's treat-
ment of Phillips' case violated the State's duty under the
First Amendment not to base laws or regulations on hos-
tility to a religion or religious viewpoint.
In Church of Lukumi Babalu Aye, supra, the Court
made clear that the government, if it is to respect the
Constitution's guarantee of free exercise, cannot impose
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 17

Opinion of the Court

regulations that are hostile to the religious beliefs of af-
fected citizens and cannot act in a manner that passes
judgment upon or presupposes the illegitimacy of religious
beliefs and practices. The Free Exercise Clause bars even
"subtle departures from neutrality" on matters of religion.
Id., at 534. Here, that means the Commission was obliged
under the Free Exercise Clause to proceed in a manner
neutral toward and tolerant of Phillips' religious beliefs.
The Constitution "commits government itself to religious
tolerance, and upon even slight suspicion that proposals
for state intervention stem from animosity to religion or
distrust of its practices, all officials must pause to remem-
ber their own high duty to the Constitution and to the
rights it secures." Id., at 547.
Factors relevant to the assessment of governmental
neutrality include "the historical background of the deci-
sion under challenge, the specific series of events leading
to the enactment or official policy in question, and the
legislative or administrative history, including contempo-
raneous statements made by members of the decisionmak-
ing body." Id., at 540. In view of these factors the record
here demonstrates that the Commission's consideration of
Phillips' case was neither tolerant nor respectful of Phil-
lips' religious beliefs. The Commission gave "every ap-
pearance," id., at 545, of adjudicating Phillips' religious
objection based on a negative normative "evaluation of the
particular justification" for his objection and the religious
grounds for it. Id., at 537. It hardly requires restating
that government has no role in deciding or even suggest-
ing whether the religious ground for Phillips' conscience-
based objection is legitimate or illegitimate. On these
facts, the Court must draw the inference that Phillips'
religious objection was not considered with the neutrality
that the Free Exercise Clause requires.
While the issues here are difficult to resolve, it must be
concluded that the State's interest could have been
18 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

weighed against Phillips' sincere religious objections in a
way consistent with the requisite religious neutrality that
must be strictly observed. The official expressions of
hostility to religion in some of the commissioners' com-
ments -- comments that were not disavowed at the Com-
mission or by the State at any point in the proceedings
that led to affirmance of the order -- were inconsistent with
what the Free Exercise Clause requires. The Commis-
sion's disparate consideration of Phillips' case compared to
the cases of the other bakers suggests the same. For these
reasons, the order must be set aside.
III
The Commission's hostility was inconsistent with the
First Amendment's guarantee that our laws be applied in
a manner that is neutral toward religion. Phillips was
entitled to a neutral decisionmaker who would give full
and fair consideration to his religious objection as he
sought to assert it in all of the circumstances in which this
case was presented, considered, and decided. In this case
the adjudication concerned a context that may well be
different going forward in the respects noted above. How-
ever later cases raising these or similar concerns are
resolved in the future, for these reasons the rulings of the
Commission and of the state court that enforced the
Commission's order must be invalidated.
The outcome of cases like this in other circumstances
must await further elaboration in the courts, all in the
context of recognizing that these disputes must be re-
solved with tolerance, without undue disrespect to sincere
religious beliefs, and without subjecting gay persons to
indignities when they seek goods and services in an open
market.
The judgment of the Colorado Court of Appeals is re-
versed.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

KAGAN, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE BREYER joins,
concurring.
"[I]t is a general rule that [religious and philosophical]
objections do not allow business owners and other actors
in the economy and in society to deny protected persons
equal access to goods and services under a neutral and
generally applicable public accommodations law." Ante, at
9. But in upholding that principle, state actors cannot
show hostility to religious views; rather, they must give
those views "neutral and respectful consideration." Ante,
at 12. I join the Court's opinion in full because I believe
the Colorado Civil Rights Commission did not satisfy that
obligation. I write separately to elaborate on one of the
bases for the Court's holding.
The Court partly relies on the "disparate consideration
of Phillips' case compared to the cases of [three] other
bakers" who "objected to a requested cake on the basis of
conscience." Ante, at 14, 18. In the latter cases, a customer
named William Jack sought "cakes with images that
conveyed disapproval of same-sex marriage, along with
religious text"; the bakers whom he approached refused to
make them. Ante, at 15; see post, at 3 (GINSBURG, J.,
dissenting) (further describing the requested cakes).
Those bakers prevailed before the Colorado Civil Rights
Division and Commission, while Phillips -- who objected for
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

KAGAN, J., concurring

religious reasons to baking a wedding cake for a same-sex
couple -- did not. The Court finds that the legal reasoning
of the state agencies differed in significant ways as be-
tween the Jack cases and the Phillips case. See ante, at
15. And the Court takes especial note of the suggestion
made by the Colorado Court of Appeals, in comparing
those cases, that the state agencies found the message
Jack requested "offensive [in] nature." Ante, at 16 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). As the Court states, a
"principled rationale for the difference in treatment" can-
not be "based on the government's own assessment of
offensiveness." Ibid.
What makes the state agencies' consideration yet more
disquieting is that a proper basis for distinguishing the
cases was available -- in fact, was obvious. The Colorado
Anti-Discrimination Act (CADA) makes it unlawful for a
place of public accommodation to deny "the full and equal
enjoyment" of goods and services to individuals based on
certain characteristics, including sexual orientation and
creed. Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 34 -- 601(2)(a) (2017). The three
bakers in the Jack cases did not violate that law. Jack
requested them to make a cake (one denigrating gay peo-
ple and same-sex marriage) that they would not have
made for any customer. In refusing that request, the
bakers did not single out Jack because of his religion, but
instead treated him in the same way they would have
treated anyone else -- just as CADA requires. By contrast,
the same-sex couple in this case requested a wedding cake
that Phillips would have made for an opposite-sex couple.
In refusing that request, Phillips contravened CADA's
demand that customers receive "the full and equal enjoy-
ment" of public accommodations irrespective of their
sexual orientation. Ibid. The different outcomes in the
Jack cases and the Phillips case could thus have been
justified by a plain reading and neutral application of
Colorado law -- untainted by any bias against a religious
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

KAGAN, J., concurring

belief.*
I read the Court's opinion as fully consistent with that
view. The Court limits its analysis to the reasoning of the
state agencies (and Court of Appeals) -- "quite apart from
whether the [Phillips and Jack] cases should ultimately be
distinguished." Ante, at 15. And the Court itself recognizes
the principle that would properly account for a difference
in result between those cases. Colorado law, the Court
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* JUSTICE GORSUCH disagrees. In his view, the Jack cases and the
Phillips case must be treated the same because the bakers in all those
cases "would not sell the requested cakes to anyone." Post, at 4. That
description perfectly fits the Jack cases -- and explains why the bakers
there did not engage in unlawful discrimination. But it is a surprising
characterization of the Phillips case, given that Phillips routinely sells
wedding cakes to opposite-sex couples. JUSTICE GORSUCH can make the
claim only because he does not think a "wedding cake" is the relevant
product. As JUSTICE GORSUCH sees it, the product that Phillips refused
to sell here -- and would refuse to sell to anyone -- was a "cake celebrat-
ing same-sex marriage." Ibid.; see post, at 3, 6, 8 -- 9. But that is wrong.
The cake requested was not a special "cake celebrating same-sex
marriage." It was simply a wedding cake -- one that (like other stand-
ard wedding cakes) is suitable for use at same-sex and opposite-sex
weddings alike. See ante, at 4 (majority opinion) (recounting that
Phillips did not so much as discuss the cake's design before he refused
to make it). And contrary to JUSTICE GORSUCH'S view, a wedding cake
does not become something different whenever a vendor like Phillips
invests its sale to particular customers with "religious significance."
Post, at 11. As this Court has long held, and reaffirms today, a vendor
cannot escape a public accommodations law because his religion disap-
proves selling a product to a group of customers, whether defined by
sexual orientation, race, sex, or other protected trait. See Newman v.
Piggie Park Enterprises, Inc., (1968) (per
curiam) (holding that a barbeque vendor must serve black customers
even if he perceives such service as vindicating racial equality, in
violation of his religious beliefs); ante, at 9. A vendor can choose the
products he sells, but not the customers he serves -- no matter the
reason. Phillips sells wedding cakes. As to that product, he unlawfully
discriminates: He sells it to opposite-sex but not to same-sex couples.
And on that basis -- which has nothing to do with Phillips' religious
beliefs -- Colorado could have distinguished Phillips from the bakers in
the Jack cases, who did not engage in any prohibited discrimination.
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

KAGAN, J., concurring

says, "can protect gay persons, just as it can protect other
classes of individuals, in acquiring whatever products and
services they choose on the same terms and conditions as
are offered to other members of the public." Ante, at 10.
For that reason, Colorado can treat a baker who discrimi-
nates based on sexual orientation differently from a baker
who does not discriminate on that or any other prohibited
ground. But only, as the Court rightly says, if the State's
decisions are not infected by religious hostility or bias. I
accordingly concur.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

GORSUCH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE ALITO joins,
concurring.
In Employment Div., Dept. of Human Resources of Ore.
v. Smith, this Court held that a neutral and generally
applicable law will usually survive a constitutional free
exercise challenge. -- 879 (1990). Smith
remains controversial in many quarters. Compare
McConnell, The Origins and Historical Understanding of
Free Exercise of Religion, 103 Harv. L. Rev. 1409 (1990),
with Hamburger, A Constitutional Right of Religious
Exemption: An Historical Perspective, 60 Geo. Wash. L.
Rev. 915 (1992). But we know this with certainty: when
the government fails to act neutrally toward the free
exercise of religion, it tends to run into trouble. Then the
government can prevail only if it satisfies strict scrutiny,
showing that its restrictions on religion both serve a com-
pelling interest and are narrowly tailored. Church of
Lukumi Babalu Aye, Inc. v. Hialeah, 
(1993).
Today's decision respects these principles. As the Court
explains, the Colorado Civil Rights Commission failed to
act neutrally toward Jack Phillips's religious faith. Maybe
most notably, the Commission allowed three other bakers
to refuse a customer's request that would have required
them to violate their secular commitments. Yet it denied
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

the same accommodation to Mr. Phillips when he refused
a customer's request that would have required him to
violate his religious beliefs. Ante, at 14 -- 16. As the Court
also explains, the only reason the Commission seemed to
supply for its discrimination was that it found Mr. Phil-
lips's religious beliefs "offensive." Ibid. That kind of
judgmental dismissal of a sincerely held religious belief is,
of course, antithetical to the First Amendment and cannot
begin to satisfy strict scrutiny. The Constitution protects
not just popular religious exercises from the condemnation
of civil authorities. It protects them all. Because the
Court documents each of these points carefully and thor-
oughly, I am pleased to join its opinion in full.
The only wrinkle is this. In the face of so much evidence
suggesting hostility toward Mr. Phillips's sincerely held
religious beliefs, two of our colleagues have written sepa-
rately to suggest that the Commission acted neutrally
toward his faith when it treated him differently from the
other bakers -- or that it could have easily done so con-
sistent with the First Amendment. See post, at 4 -- 5, and
(GINSBURG, J., dissenting); ante, at 2 -- 3, and n.
(KAGAN, J., concurring). But, respectfully, I do not see
how we might rescue the Commission from its error.
A full view of the facts helps point the way to the prob-
lem. Start with William Jack's case. He approached three
bakers and asked them to prepare cakes with messages
disapproving same-sex marriage on religious grounds.
App. 233, 243, 252. All three bakers refused Mr. Jack's
request, stating that they found his request offensive to
their secular convictions. Id., at 231, 241, 250. Mr. Jack
responded by filing complaints with the Colorado Civil
Rights Division. Id., at 230, 240, 249. He pointed to
Colorado's Anti-Discrimination Act, which prohibits dis-
crimination against customers in public accommodations
because of religious creed, sexual orientation, or certain
other traits. See ibid.; Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 34 -- 601(2)(a)
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

GORSUCH, J., concurring

(2017). Mr. Jack argued that the cakes he sought reflected
his religious beliefs and that the bakers could not refuse to
make them just because they happened to disagree with
his beliefs. App. 231, 241, 250. But the Division declined
to find a violation, reasoning that the bakers didn't deny
Mr. Jack service because of his religious faith but because
the cakes he sought were offensive to their own moral
convictions. Id., at 237, 247, 255 -- 256. As proof, the Divi-
sion pointed to the fact that the bakers said they treated
Mr. Jack as they would have anyone who requested a cake
with similar messages, regardless of their religion. Id., at
230 -- 231, 240, 249. The Division pointed, as well, to the
fact that the bakers said they were happy to provide reli-
gious persons with other cakes expressing other ideas. Id.,
at 237, 247, 257. Mr. Jack appealed to the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission, but the Commission summarily de-
nied relief. App. to Pet. for Cert. 326a -- 331a.
Next, take the undisputed facts of Mr. Phillips's case.
Charlie Craig and Dave Mullins approached Mr. Phillips
about creating a cake to celebrate their wedding. App.
168. Mr. Phillips explained that he could not prepare a
cake celebrating a same-sex wedding consistent with his
religious faith. Id., at 168 -- 169. But Mr. Phillips offered
to make other baked goods for the couple, including cakes
celebrating other occasions. Ibid. Later, Mr. Phillips
testified without contradiction that he would have refused
to create a cake celebrating a same-sex marriage for any
customer, regardless of his or her sexual orientation. Id.,
at 166 -- 167 ("I will not design and create wedding cakes
for a same-sex wedding regardless of the sexual orienta-
tion of the customer"). And the record reveals that Mr.
Phillips apparently refused just such a request from Mr.
Craig's mother. Id., at 38 -- 40, 169. (Any suggestion that
Mr. Phillips was willing to make a cake celebrating a
same-sex marriage for a heterosexual customer or was not
willing to sell other products to a homosexual customer,
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

then, would simply mistake the undisputed factual record.
See post, at 4, (GINSBURG, J., dissenting); ante, at 2 -- 3,
and n. (KAGAN, J., concurring)). Nonetheless, the Com-
mission held that Mr. Phillips's conduct violated the Colo-
rado public accommodations law. App. to Pet. for Cert.
56a -- 58a.
The facts show that the two cases share all legally sa-
lient features. In both cases, the effect on the customer was
the same: bakers refused service to persons who bore a
statutorily protected trait (religious faith or sexual orien-
tation). But in both cases the bakers refused service
intending only to honor a personal conviction. To be sure,
the bakers knew their conduct promised the effect of leav-
ing a customer in a protected class unserved. But there's
no indication the bakers actually intended to refuse ser-
vice because of a customer's protected characteristic. We
know this because all of the bakers explained without
contradiction that they would not sell the requested cakes
to anyone, while they would sell other cakes to members of
the protected class (as well as to anyone else). So, for
example, the bakers in the first case would have refused to
sell a cake denigrating same-sex marriage to an atheist
customer, just as the baker in the second case would have
refused to sell a cake celebrating same-sex marriage to a
heterosexual customer. And the bakers in the first case
were generally happy to sell to persons of faith, just as the
baker in the second case was generally happy to sell to gay
persons. In both cases, it was the kind of cake, not the
kind of customer, that mattered to the bakers.
The distinction between intended and knowingly accepted
effects is familiar in life and law. Often the purposeful
pursuit of worthy commitments requires us to accept
unwanted but entirely foreseeable side effects: so, for
example, choosing to spend time with family means the
foreseeable loss of time for charitable work, just as opting
for more time in the office means knowingly forgoing time
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

GORSUCH, J., concurring

at home with loved ones. The law, too, sometimes distin-
guishes between intended and foreseeable effects. See,
e.g., ALI, Model Penal Code.13, 2.02(2)(a)(i) (1985); 1
W. LaFave, Substantive Criminal Law.2(b), pp. 460 -- 
463 (3d ed. 2018). Other times, of course, the law proceeds
differently, either conflating intent and knowledge or
presuming intent as a matter of law from a showing of
knowledge. See, e.g., Restatement (Second) of Torts 
(1965); Radio Officers v. NLRB, (1954).
The problem here is that the Commission failed to act
neutrally by applying a consistent legal rule. In Mr.
Jack's case, the Commission chose to distinguish carefully
between intended and knowingly accepted effects. Even
though the bakers knowingly denied service to someone in
a protected class, the Commission found no violation
because the bakers only intended to distance themselves
from "the offensive nature of the requested message."
Craig v. Masterpiece Cakeshop, Inc., 370 P. 3d 272, 282,
(Colo. App. 2015); App. 237, 247, 256; App. to Pet. for
Cert. 326a -- 331a; see also Brief for Respondent Colorado
Civil Rights Commission 52 ("Businesses are entitled to
reject orders for any number of reasons, including because
they deem a particular product requested by a customer to
be 'offensive' "). Yet, in Mr. Phillips's case, the Commis-
sion dismissed this very same argument as resting on a
"distinction without a difference." App. to Pet. for Cert.
69a. It concluded instead that an "intent to disfavor" a
protected class of persons should be "readily... pre-
sumed" from the knowing failure to serve someone who
belongs to that class. Id., at 70a. In its judgment, Mr.
Phillips's intentions were "inextricably tied to the sexual
orientation of the parties involved" and essentially "irra-
tional." Ibid.
Nothing in the Commission's opinions suggests any
neutral principle to reconcile these holdings. If Mr. Phil-
lips's objection is "inextricably tied" to a protected class,
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

then the bakers' objection in Mr. Jack's case must be
"inextricably tied" to one as well. For just as cakes cele-
brating same-sex weddings are (usually) requested by
persons of a particular sexual orientation, so too are cakes
expressing religious opposition to same-sex weddings
(usually) requested by persons of particular religious
faiths. In both cases the bakers' objection would (usually)
result in turning down customers who bear a protected
characteristic. In the end, the Commission's decisions
simply reduce to this: it presumed that Mr. Phillip har-
bored an intent to discriminate against a protected class in
light of the foreseeable effects of his conduct, but it de-
clined to presume the same intent in Mr. Jack's case even
though the effects of the bakers' conduct were just as
foreseeable. Underscoring the double standard, a state
appellate court said that "no such showing" of actual
"animus" -- or intent to discriminate against persons in a
protected class -- was even required in Mr. Phillips's case.
370 P. 3d, at 282.
The Commission cannot have it both ways. The Com-
mission cannot slide up and down the mens rea scale,
picking a mental state standard to suit its tastes depend-
ing on its sympathies. Either actual proof of intent to
discriminate on the basis of membership in a protected
class is required (as the Commission held in Mr. Jack's
case), or it is sufficient to "presume" such intent from the
knowing failure to serve someone in a protected class (as
the Commission held in Mr. Phillips's case). Perhaps the
Commission could have chosen either course as an initial
matter. But the one thing it can't do is apply a more
generous legal test to secular objections than religious
ones. See Church of Lukumi Babalu Aye, 508 U. S., at
543 -- 544. That is anything but the neutral treatment of
religion.
The real explanation for the Commission's discrimina-
tion soon comes clear, too -- and it does anything but help
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

GORSUCH, J., concurring

its cause. This isn't a case where the Commission self-
consciously announced a change in its legal rule in all
public accommodation cases. Nor is this a case where the
Commission offered some persuasive reason for its dis-
crimination that might survive strict scrutiny. Instead, as
the Court explains, it appears the Commission wished to
condemn Mr. Phillips for expressing just the kind of "irra-
tional" or "offensive... message" that the bakers in the
first case refused to endorse. Ante, at 16. Many may
agree with the Commission and consider Mr. Phillips's
religious beliefs irrational or offensive. Some may believe
he misinterprets the teachings of his faith. And, to be
sure, this Court has held same-sex marriage a matter of
constitutional right and various States have enacted laws
that preclude discrimination on the basis of sexual orien-
tation. But it is also true that no bureaucratic judgment
condemning a sincerely held religious belief as "irrational"
or "offensive" will ever survive strict scrutiny under the
First Amendment. In this country, the place of secular
officials isn't to sit in judgment of religious beliefs, but
only to protect their free exercise. Just as it is the "proud-
est boast of our free speech jurisprudence" that we protect
speech that we hate, it must be the proudest boast of our
free exercise jurisprudence that we protect religious be-
liefs that we find offensive. See Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S.
___, ___ (2017) (plurality opinion) 
(Holmes, J., dissenting)). Popular religious views are easy
enough to defend. It is in protecting unpopular religious
beliefs that we prove this country's commitment to serving
as a refuge for religious freedom. See Church of Lukumi
Babalu Aye, supra, at 547; Thomas v. Review Bd. of Indi-
ana Employment Security Div., -- 716
(1981); Wisconsin v. Yoder, -- 224 (1972);
Cantwell v. Connecticut, -- 310 (1940).
Nor can any amount of after-the-fact maneuvering by
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

our colleagues save the Commission. It is no answer, for
example, to observe that Mr. Jack requested a cake with
text on it while Mr. Craig and Mr. Mullins sought a cake
celebrating their wedding without discussing its decora-
tion, and then suggest this distinction makes all the dif-
ference. See post, at 4 -- 5, and (GINSBURG, J., dissent-
ing). It is no answer either simply to slide up a level of
generality to redescribe Mr. Phillips's case as involving
only a wedding cake like any other, so the fact that Mr.
Phillips would make one for some means he must make
them for all. See ante, at 2 -- 3, and n. (KAGAN, J., concur-
ring). These arguments, too, fail to afford Mr. Phillips's
faith neutral respect.
Take the first suggestion first. To suggest that cakes
with words convey a message but cakes without words do
not -- all in order to excuse the bakers in Mr. Jack's case
while penalizing Mr. Phillips -- is irrational. Not even the
Commission or court of appeals purported to rely on that
distinction. Imagine Mr. Jack asked only for a cake with a
symbolic expression against same-sex marriage rather
than a cake bearing words conveying the same idea.
Surely the Commission would have approved the bakers'
intentional wish to avoid participating in that message
too. Nor can anyone reasonably doubt that a wedding
cake without words conveys a message. Words or not and
whatever the exact design, it celebrates a wedding, and if
the wedding cake is made for a same-sex couple it cele-
brates a same-sex wedding. See 370 P. 3d, at 276 (stating
that Mr. Craig and Mr. Mullins "requested that Phillips
design and create a cake to celebrate their same-sex wed-
ding"). Like "an emblem or flag," a cake
for a same-sex wedding is a symbol that serves as "a short
cut from mind to mind," signifying approval of a specific
"system, idea, [or] institution." West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v.
Barnette, (1943). It is precisely that
approval that Mr. Phillips intended to withhold in keeping
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

GORSUCH, J., concurring

with his religious faith. The Commission denied Mr.
Phillips that choice, even as it afforded the bakers in Mr.
Jack's case the choice to refuse to advance a message they
deemed offensive to their secular commitments. That is
not neutral.
Nor would it be proper for this or any court to suggest
that a person must be forced to write words rather than
create a symbol before his religious faith is implicated.
Civil authorities, whether "high or petty," bear no license
to declare what is or should be "orthodox" when it comes to
religious beliefs, id., at 642, or whether an adherent has
"correctly perceived" the commands of his religion, Thomas,
supra, at 716. Instead, it is our job to look beyond the
formality of written words and afford legal protection to
any sincere act of faith. See generally Hurley v. Irish-
American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston,
Inc., (1995) ("[T]he Constitution looks
beyond written or spoken words as mediums of ex-
pression," which are "not a condition of constitutional
protection").
The second suggestion fares no better. Suggesting that
this case is only about "wedding cakes" -- and not a wed-
ding cake celebrating a same-sex wedding -- actually points
up the problem. At its most general level, the cake at
issue in Mr. Phillips's case was just a mixture of flour and
eggs; at its most specific level, it was a cake celebrating
the same-sex wedding of Mr. Craig and Mr. Mullins. We
are told here, however, to apply a sort of Goldilocks rule:
describing the cake by its ingredients is too general; un-
derstanding it as celebrating a same-sex wedding is too
specific; but regarding it as a generic wedding cake is just
right. The problem is, the Commission didn't play with
the level of generality in Mr. Jack's case in this way. It
didn't declare, for example, that because the cakes Mr.
Jack requested were just cakes about weddings generally,
and all such cakes were the same, the bakers had to pro-
10 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

duce them. Instead, the Commission accepted the bakers'
view that the specific cakes Mr. Jack requested conveyed a
message offensive to their convictions and allowed them to
refuse service. Having done that there, it must do the
same here.
Any other conclusion would invite civil authorities to
gerrymander their inquiries based on the parties they
prefer. Why calibrate the level of generality in Mr. Phil-
lips's case at "wedding cakes" exactly -- and not at, say,
"cakes" more generally or "cakes that convey a message
regarding same-sex marriage" more specifically? If
"cakes" were the relevant level of generality, the Commis-
sion would have to order the bakers to make Mr. Jack's
requested cakes just as it ordered Mr. Phillips to make the
requested cake in his case. Conversely, if "cakes that
convey a message regarding same-sex marriage" were the
relevant level of generality, the Commission would have to
respect Mr. Phillips's refusal to make the requested cake
just as it respected the bakers' refusal to make the cakes
Mr. Jack requested. In short, when the same level of
generality is applied to both cases, it is no surprise that
the bakers have to be treated the same. Only by adjusting
the dials just right -- fine-tuning the level of generality up
or down for each case based solely on the identity of the
parties and the substance of their views -- can you engi-
neer the Commission's outcome, handing a win to Mr.
Jack's bakers but delivering a loss to Mr. Phillips. Such
results-driven reasoning is improper. Neither the Com-
mission nor this Court may apply a more specific level of
generality in Mr. Jack's case (a cake that conveys a mes-
sage regarding same-sex marriage) while applying a higher
level of generality in Mr. Phillips's case (a cake that
conveys no message regarding same-sex marriage). Of
course, under Smith a vendor cannot escape a public
accommodations law just because his religion frowns on it.
But for any law to comply with the First Amendment and
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

GORSUCH, J., concurring

Smith, it must be applied in a manner that treats religion
with neutral respect. That means the government must
apply the same level of generality across cases -- and that
did not happen here.
There is another problem with sliding up the generality
scale: it risks denying constitutional protection to religious
beliefs that draw distinctions more specific than the gov-
ernment's preferred level of description. To some, all
wedding cakes may appear indistinguishable. But to Mr.
Phillips that is not the case -- his faith teaches him other-
wise. And his religious beliefs are entitled to no less
respectful treatment than the bakers' secular beliefs in
Mr. Jack's case. This Court has explained these same
points "[r]epeatedly and in many different contexts" over
many years. Smith, 494 U. S. at 887. For example, in
Thomas a faithful Jehovah's Witness and steel mill worker
agreed to help manufacture sheet steel he knew might
find its way into armaments, but he was unwilling to work
on a fabrication line producing tank turrets. 450 U. S., at
711. Of course, the line Mr. Thomas drew wasn't the same
many others would draw and it wasn't even the same line
many other members of the same faith would draw. Even
so, the Court didn't try to suggest that making steel is just
making steel. Or that to offend his religion the steel
needed to be of a particular kind or shape. Instead, it
recognized that Mr. Thomas alone was entitled to define
the nature of his religious commitments -- and that those
commitments, as defined by the faithful adherent, not a
bureaucrat or judge, are entitled to protection under the
First Amendment. Id., at 714 -- 716; see also United States
v. Lee, -- 255 (1982); Smith, supra, at 887
(collecting authorities). It is no more appropriate for the
United States Supreme Court to tell Mr. Phillips that a
wedding cake is just like any other -- without regard to the
religious significance his faith may attach to it -- than it
would be for the Court to suggest that for all persons
12 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

sacramental bread is just bread or a kippah is just a cap.
Only one way forward now remains. Having failed to
afford Mr. Phillips's religious objections neutral considera-
tion and without any compelling reason for its failure, the
Commission must afford him the same result it afforded
the bakers in Mr. Jack's case. The Court recognizes this
by reversing the judgment below and holding that the
Commission's order "must be set aside." Ante, at 18.
Maybe in some future rulemaking or case the Commission
could adopt a new "knowing" standard for all refusals of
service and offer neutral reasons for doing so. But, as the
Court observes, "[h]owever later cases raising these or
similar concerns are resolved in the future,... the rulings
of the Commission and of the state court that enforced the
Commission's order" in this case "must be invalidated."
Ibid. Mr. Phillips has conclusively proven a First
Amendment violation and, after almost six years facing
unlawful civil charges, he is entitled to judgment.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring in part and concurring in the judgment.
I agree that the Colorado Civil Rights Commission
(Commission) violated Jack Phillips' right to freely exer­
cise his religion. As JUSTICE GORSUCH explains, the
Commission treated Phillips' case differently from a simi­
lar case involving three other bakers, for reasons that can
only be explained by hostility toward Phillips' religion.
See ante, at 2 -- 7 (concurring opinion). The Court agrees
that the Commission treated Phillips differently, and it
points out that some of the Commissioners made com­
ments disparaging Phillips' religion. See ante, at 12 -- 16.
Although the Commissioners' comments are certainly
disturbing, the discriminatory application of Colorado's
public-accommodations law is enough on its own to violate
Phillips' rights. To the extent the Court agrees, I join its
opinion.
While Phillips rightly prevails on his free-exercise claim,
I write separately to address his free-speech claim. The
Court does not address this claim because it has some
uncertainties about the record. See ante, at 2. Specifically,
the parties dispute whether Phillips refused to create a
custom wedding cake for the individual respondents, or
whether he refused to sell them any wedding cake (includ­
ing a premade one). But the Colorado Court of Appeals
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

resolved this factual dispute in Phillips' favor. The court
described his conduct as a refusal to "design and create a
cake to celebrate [a] same-sex wedding." Craig v. Master-
piece Cakeshop, Inc., 370 P. 3d 272, 276 (2015); see also
id., at 286 ("designing and selling a wedding cake"); id., at
283 ("refusing to create a wedding cake"). And it noted
that the Commission's order required Phillips to sell " 'any
product [he] would sell to heterosexual couples,' " including
custom wedding cakes. Id., at 286.
Even after describing his conduct this way, the Court of
Appeals concluded that Phillips' conduct was not expres­
sive and was not protected speech. It reasoned that an
outside observer would think that Phillips was merely
complying with Colorado's public-accommodations law, not
expressing a message, and that Phillips could post a dis­
claimer to that effect. This reasoning flouts bedrock prin­
ciples of our free-speech jurisprudence and would justify
virtually any law that compels individuals to speak. It
should not pass without comment.
I
The First Amendment, applicable to the States through
the Fourteenth Amendment, prohibits state laws that
abridge the "freedom of speech." When interpreting this
command, this Court has distinguished between regula­
tions of speech and regulations of conduct. The latter
generally do not abridge the freedom of speech, even if
they impose "incidental burdens" on expression. Sorrell v.
IMS Health Inc., (2011). As the Court
explains today, public-accommodations laws usually regu­
late conduct. Ante, at 9 -- 10 ). "[A]s a general matter,"
public-accommodations laws do not "target speech" but
instead prohibit "the act of discriminating against individ­
uals in the provision of publicly available goods, privileges,
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

and services." Id., at 572.
Although public-accommodations laws generally regu­
late conduct, particular applications of them can burden
protected speech. When a public-accommodations law
"ha[s] the effect of declaring... speech itself to be the
public accommodation," the First Amendment applies with
full force. Id., at 573; accord, Boy Scouts of America v.
Dale, -- 659 (2000). In Hurley, for exam­
ple, a Massachusetts public-accommodations law prohib-
ited " 'any distinction, discrimination or restriction on ac­
count of... sexual orientation... relative to the admis­
sion of any person to, or treatment in any place of public
accommodation.' " 515 U. S., at 561 ; ellipsis in original). When this law
required the sponsor of a St. Patrick's Day parade to
include a parade unit of gay, lesbian, and bisexual Irish-
Americans, the Court unanimously held that the law
violated the sponsor's right to free speech. Parades are "a
form of expression," this Court explained, and the applica­
tion of the public-accommodations law "alter[ed] the ex­
pressive content" of the parade by forcing the sponsor to
add a new unit. 515 U. S., at 568, 572 -- 573. The addition
of that unit compelled the organizer to "bear witness to the
fact that some Irish are gay, lesbian, or bisexual"; "suggest... that people of their sexual orientation have as much
claim to unqualified social acceptance as heterosexuals";
and imply that their participation "merits celebration."
Id., at 574. While this Court acknowledged that the unit's
exclusion might have been "misguided, or even hurtful,"
ibid., it rejected the notion that governments can mandate
"thoughts and statements acceptable to some groups or,
indeed, all people" as the "antithesis" of free speech, id., at
579; accord, Dale, supra, at 660 -- 661.
The parade in Hurley was an example of what this
Court has termed "expressive conduct." See 515 U. S., at
568 -- 569. This Court has long held that "the Constitution
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

looks beyond written or spoken words as mediums of
expression," id., at 569, and that "[s]ymbolism is a primi­
tive but effective way of communicating ideas," West Vir-
ginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943).
Thus, a person's "conduct may be 'sufficiently imbued with
elements of communication to fall within the scope of the
First and Fourteenth Amendments.' " Texas v. Johnson,
(1989). Applying this principle, the
Court has recognized a wide array of conduct that can
qualify as expressive, including nude dancing, burning the
American flag, flying an upside-down American flag with
a taped-on peace sign, wearing a military uniform, wear­
ing a black armband, conducting a silent sit-in, refusing to
salute the American flag, and flying a plain red flag.1
Of course, conduct does not qualify as protected speech
simply because "the person engaging in [it] intends thereby
to express an idea." United States v. O'Brien, (1968). To determine whether conduct is suffi­
ciently expressive, the Court asks whether it was "intended
to be communicative" and, "in context, would reasona-
bly be understood by the viewer to be communicative."
Clark v. Community for Creative Non-Violence, (1984). But a " 'particularized message' " is not
required, or else the freedom of speech "would never reach
the unquestionably shielded painting of Jackson Pollock,
music of Arnold Schöenberg, or Jabberwocky verse of
Lewis Carroll." Hurley, 515 U. S., at 569.
Once a court concludes that conduct is expressive, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Barnes
v. Glen Theatre, Inc., -- 566 (1991); Texas v.
Johnson, -- 406 (1989); Spence v. Washington, 409 -- 411 (1974) (per curiam); Schacht v. United States,
-- 63 (1970); Tinker v. Des Moines Independent Commu-
nity School Dist., -- 506 (1969); Brown v. Louisiana,
-- 142 (1966) (opinion of Fortas, J.); West Virginia Bd.
of Ed. v. Barnette, -- 634 (1943); Stromberg v. Califor-
nia, 369 (1931).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Constitution limits the government's authority to restrict
or compel it. "[O]ne important manifestation of the prin­
ciple of free speech is that one who chooses to speak may
also decide 'what not to say' " and "tailor" the content of his
message as he sees fit. Id., at 573 (plurality opinion)). This rule "applies not only to
expressions of value, opinion, or endorsement, but equally
to statements of fact the speaker would rather avoid."
Hurley, supra, at 573. And it "makes no difference"
whether the government is regulating the "creati[on],
distributi[on], or consum[ption]" of the speech. Brown v.
Entertainment Merchants Assn., (2011).
II

A

The conduct that the Colorado Court of Appeals ascribed
to Phillips -- creating and designing custom wedding
cakes -- is expressive. Phillips considers himself an artist.
The logo for Masterpiece Cakeshop is an artist's paint
palette with a paintbrush and baker's whisk. Behind the
counter Phillips has a picture that depicts him as an artist
painting on a canvas. Phillips takes exceptional care with
each cake that he creates -- sketching the design out on
paper, choosing the color scheme, creating the frosting and
decorations, baking and sculpting the cake, decorating it,
and delivering it to the wedding. Examples of his crea­
tions can be seen on Masterpiece's website. See
http://masterpiececakes.com/wedding-cakes (as last visited
June 1, 2018).
Phillips is an active participant in the wedding celebra­
tion. He sits down with each couple for a consultation
before he creates their custom wedding cake. He discusses
their preferences, their personalities, and the details of
their wedding to ensure that each cake reflects the couple
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

who ordered it. In addition to creating and delivering the
cake -- a focal point of the wedding celebration -- Phillips
sometimes stays and interacts with the guests at the
wedding. And the guests often recognize his creations and
seek his bakery out afterward. Phillips also sees the
inherent symbolism in wedding cakes. To him, a wedding
cake inherently communicates that "a wedding has oc­
curred, a marriage has begun, and the couple should be
celebrated." App. 162.
Wedding cakes do, in fact, communicate this message.
A tradition from Victorian England that made its way to
America after the Civil War, "[w]edding cakes are so
packed with symbolism that it is hard to know where to
begin." M. Krondl, Sweet Invention: A History of Dessert
321 (2011) (Krondl); see also ibid. (explaining the symbol­
ism behind the color, texture, flavor, and cutting of the
cake). If an average person walked into a room and saw a
white, multi-tiered cake, he would immediately know that
he had stumbled upon a wedding. The cake is "so stand­
ardised and inevitable a part of getting married that few
ever think to question it." Charsley, Interpretation and
Custom: The Case of the Wedding Cake, 22 Man 93, 95
(1987). Almost no wedding, no matter how spartan, is
missing the cake. See id., at 98. "A whole series of events
expected in the context of a wedding would be impossible
without it: an essential photograph, the cutting, the toast,
and the distribution of both cake and favours at the wed­
ding and afterwards." Ibid. Although the cake is eventu­
ally eaten, that is not its primary purpose. See id., at 95
("It is not unusual to hear people declaring that they do
not like wedding cake, meaning that they do not like to eat
it. This includes people who are, without question, having
such cakes for their weddings"); id., at 97 ("Nothing is
made of the eating itself "); Krondl 320 -- 321 (explaining
that wedding cakes have long been described as "inedi­
ble"). The cake's purpose is to mark the beginning of a
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

new marriage and to celebrate the couple.2
Accordingly, Phillips' creation of custom wedding cakes
is expressive. The use of his artistic talents to create a
well-recognized symbol that celebrates the beginning of a
marriage clearly communicates a message -- certainly
more so than nude dancing, Barnes v. Glen Theatre, Inc.,
-- 566 (1991), or flying a plain red flag,
Stromberg v. California, (1931).3 By
forcing Phillips to create custom wedding cakes for same­
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The Colorado Court of Appeals acknowledged that "a wedding cake,
in some circumstances, may convey a particularized message celebrat­
ing same-sex marriage," depending on its "design" and whether it has
"written inscriptions." Craig v. Masterpiece Cakeshop, Inc., 370 P. 3d
272, 288 (2015). But a wedding cake needs no particular design or
written words to communicate the basic message that a wedding is
occurring, a marriage has begun, and the couple should be celebrated.
Wedding cakes have long varied in color, decorations, and style, but
those differences do not prevent people from recognizing wedding cakes
as wedding cakes. See Charsley, Interpretation and Custom: The Case
of the Wedding Cake, 22 Man 93, 96 (1987). And regardless, the
Commission's order does not distinguish between plain wedding cakes
and wedding cakes with particular designs or inscriptions; it requires
Phillips to make any wedding cake for a same-sex wedding that he
would make for an opposite-sex wedding.
3 The dissent faults Phillips for not "submitting... evidence" that

wedding cakes communicate a message. Post, at 2, (opinion of
GINSBURG, J.). But this requirement finds no support in our prece­
dents. This Court did not insist that the parties submit evidence
detailing the expressive nature of parades, flags, or nude dancing. See
Hurley v. Irish-American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston,
Inc., -- 570 (1995); Spence, 418 U. S., at 410 -- 411;
Barnes, 501 U. S., at 565 -- 566. And we do not need extensive evidence
here to conclude that Phillips' artistry is expressive, see Hurley, 515
U. S., at 569, or that wedding cakes at least communicate the basic fact
that "this is a wedding," see id., at 573 -- 575. Nor does it matter that
the couple also communicates a message through the cake. More than
one person can be engaged in protected speech at the same time. See
id., at 569 -- 570. And by forcing him to provide the cake, Colorado is
requiring Phillips to be "intimately connected" with the couple's speech,
which is enough to implicate his First Amendment rights. See id., at
576.
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

sex weddings, Colorado's public-accommodations law
"alter[s] the expressive content" of his message. Hurley,
515 U. S., at 572. The meaning of expressive conduct, this
Court has explained, depends on "the context in which it
occur[s]." Johnson, 491 U. S., at 405. Forcing Phillips to
make custom wedding cakes for same-sex marriages re­
quires him to, at the very least, acknowledge that same-
sex weddings are "weddings" and suggest that they should
be celebrated -- the precise message he believes his faith
forbids. The First Amendment prohibits Colorado from
requiring Phillips to "bear witness to [these] fact[s],"
Hurley, 515 U. S., at 574, or to "affir[m]... a belief with
which [he] disagrees," id., at 573.
B
The Colorado Court of Appeals nevertheless concluded
that Phillips' conduct was "not sufficiently expressive" to
be protected from state compulsion. 370 P. 3d, at 283. It
noted that a reasonable observer would not view Phillips'
conduct as "an endorsement of same-sex marriage," but
rather as mere "compliance" with Colorado's public-
accommodations law. Id., at 286 -- 287 (FAIR); Rosenberger v. Rector and
Visitors of Univ. of Va., -- 842 (1995);
PruneYard Shopping Center v. Robins, -- 78
(1980)). It also emphasized that Masterpiece could "disas­
sociat[e]" itself from same-sex marriage by posting a "dis­
claimer" stating that Colorado law "requires it not to
discriminate" or that "the provision of its services does not
constitute an endorsement." 370 P. 3d, at 288. This rea­
soning is badly misguided.
1
The Colorado Court of Appeals was wrong to conclude
that Phillips' conduct was not expressive because a rea­
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

sonable observer would think he is merely complying with
Colorado's public-accommodations law. This argument
would justify any law that compelled protected speech.
And, this Court has never accepted it. From the begin­
ning, this Court's compelled-speech precedents have re­
jected arguments that "would resolve every issue of power
in favor of those in authority." Barnette, 319 U. S., at 636.
Hurley, for example, held that the application of Massa­
chusetts' public-accommodations law "requir[ed] [the
organizers] to alter the expressive content of their pa­
rade." 515 U. S., at 572 -- 573. It did not hold that reason­
able observers would view the organizers as merely com­
plying with Massachusetts' public-accommodations law.
The decisions that the Colorado Court of Appeals cited
for this proposition are far afield. It cited three decisions
where groups objected to being forced to provide a forum
for a third party's speech. See FAIR, supra, at 51 (law
school refused to allow military recruiters on campus);
Rosenberger, supra, at 822 -- 823 (public university refused
to provide funds to a religious student paper); PruneYard,
supra, at 77 (shopping center refused to allow individuals
to collect signatures on its property). In those decisions,
this Court rejected the argument that requiring the
groups to provide a forum for third-party speech also
required them to endorse that speech. See FAIR, supra, at
63 -- 65; Rosenberger, supra, at 841 -- 842; PruneYard, supra,
at 85 -- 88. But these decisions do not suggest that the
government can force speakers to alter their own message.
See Pacific Gas & Elec., 475 U. S., at 12 ("Notably absent
from PruneYard was any concern that access... might
affect the shopping center owner's exercise of his own
right to speak"); Hurley, supra, at 580 (similar).
The Colorado Court of Appeals also noted that Master­
piece is a "for-profit bakery" that "charges its customers."
370 P. 3d, at 287. But this Court has repeatedly rejected
the notion that a speaker's profit motive gives the gov­
10 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

ernment a freer hand in compelling speech. See Pacific
Gas & Elec., supra, at 8, 16 (collecting cases); Virginia Bd.
of Pharmacy v. Virginia Citizens Consumer Council, Inc.,
(1976) (deeming it "beyond serious
dispute" that "[s]peech... is protected even though it is
carried in a form that is 'sold' for profit"). Further, even
assuming that most for-profit companies prioritize maxim­
izing profits over communicating a message, that is not
true for Masterpiece Cakeshop. Phillips routinely sacri-
fices profits to ensure that Masterpiece operates in a way
that represents his Christian faith. He is not open on
Sundays, he pays his employees a higher-than-average
wage, and he loans them money in times of need. Phillips
also refuses to bake cakes containing alcohol, cakes with
racist or homophobic messages, cakes criticizing God, and
cakes celebrating Halloween -- even though Halloween is
one of the most lucrative seasons for bakeries. These
efforts to exercise control over the messages that Master­
piece sends are still more evidence that Phillips' conduct is
expressive. See Miami Herald Publishing Co. v. Tornillo,
-- 258 (1974); Walker v. Texas Div., Sons
of Confederate Veterans, Inc., 576 U. S. ___, ___ (2015).
2
The Colorado Court of Appeals also erred by suggesting
that Phillips could simply post a disclaimer, disassociating
Masterpiece from any support for same-sex marriage.
Again, this argument would justify any law compelling
speech. And again, this Court has rejected it. We have
described similar arguments as "beg[ging] the core ques­
tion." Tornillo, supra, at 256. Because the government
cannot compel speech, it also cannot "require speakers to
affirm in one breath that which they deny in the next."
Pacific Gas & Elec., 475 U. S., at 16; see also id., at 15,
11

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

curring in part and concurring in judgment)). States
cannot put individuals to the choice of "be[ing] compelled
to affirm someone else's belief " or "be[ing] forced to speak
when [they] would prefer to remain silent." Id., at 99.
III
Because Phillips' conduct (as described by the Colorado
Court of Appeals) was expressive, Colorado's public-
accommodations law cannot penalize it unless the law
withstands strict scrutiny. Although this Court some­
times reviews regulations of expressive conduct under the
more lenient test articulated in O'Brien,4 that test does not
apply unless the government would have punished the
conduct regardless of its expressive component. See, e.g.,
Barnes, 501 U. S., at 566 -- 572 (applying O'Brien to evalu­
ate the application of a general nudity ban to nude danc­
ing); Clark, 468 U. S., at 293 (applying O'Brien to evaluate
the application of a general camping ban to a demonstra­
tion in the park). Here, however, Colorado would not be
punishing Phillips if he refused to create any custom
wedding cakes; it is punishing him because he refuses to
create custom wedding cakes that express approval of
same-sex marriage. In cases like this one, our precedents
demand " 'the most exacting scrutiny.' " Johnson, 491
U. S., at 412; accord, Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project,
(2010).
The Court of Appeals did not address whether Colo­
rado's law survives strict scrutiny, and I will not do so in
the first instance. There is an obvious flaw, however, with
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 "[A] government regulation [of expressive conduct] is sufficiently

justified if it is within the constitutional power of the Government; if it
furthers an important or substantial governmental interest; if the
governmental interest is unrelated to the suppression of free expres­
sion; and if the incidental restriction on alleged First Amendment
freedoms is no greater than is essential to the furtherance of that
interest." United States v. O'Brien, (1968).
12 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

one of the asserted justifications for Colorado's law. Ac­
cording to the individual respondents, Colorado can com­
pel Phillips' speech to prevent him from " 'denigrat[ing] the
dignity' " of same-sex couples, " 'assert[ing] [their] inferior-
ity,' " and subjecting them to " 'humiliation, frustration, and
embarrassment.' " Brief for Respondents Craig et al. 39
; Heart of Atlanta Motel, Inc. v. United States,
(1964) (Goldberg, J., concurring)).
These justifications are completely foreign to our free-
speech jurisprudence.
States cannot punish protected speech because some
group finds it offensive, hurtful, stigmatic, unreasonable,
or undignified. "If there is a bedrock principle underlying
the First Amendment, it is that the government may not
prohibit the expression of an idea simply because society
finds the idea itself offensive or disagreeable." Johnson,
supra, at 414. A contrary rule would allow the govern­
ment to stamp out virtually any speech at will. See Morse
v. Frederick, (2007) ("After all, much
political and religious speech might be perceived as offen­
sive to some"). As the Court reiterates today, "it is not...
the role of the State or its officials to prescribe what shall
be offensive." Ante, at 16. " 'Indeed, if it is the speaker's
opinion that gives offense, that consequence is a reason for
according it constitutional protection.' " Hustler Magazine,
Inc. v. Falwell, (1988); accord, Johnson,
supra, at 408 -- 409. If the only reason a public-
accommodations law regulates speech is "to produce a
society free of... biases" against the protected groups,
that purpose is "decidedly fatal" to the law's constitution­
ality, "for it amounts to nothing less than a proposal to
limit speech in the service of orthodox expression." Hur-
ley, 515 U. S., at 578 -- 579; see also United States v. Play-
boy Entertainment Group, Inc., (2000)
("Where the designed benefit of a content-based speech
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

restriction is to shield the sensibilities of listeners, the
general rule is that the right of expression prevails"). "[A]
speech burden based on audience reactions is simply
government hostility... in a different guise." Matal v.
Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) (KENNEDY, J., concurring in
part and concurring in judgment).
Consider what Phillips actually said to the individual
respondents in this case. After sitting down with them for
a consultation, Phillips told the couple, " 'I'll make your
birthday cakes, shower cakes, sell you cookies and brown­
ies, I just don't make cakes for same sex weddings.' " App.
168. It is hard to see how this statement stigmatizes gays
and lesbians more than blocking them from marching in a
city parade, dismissing them from the Boy Scouts, or
subjecting them to signs that say "God Hates Fags" -- all of
which this Court has deemed protected by the First
Amendment. See Hurley, supra, at 574 -- 575; Dale, 530
U. S., at 644; Snyder v. Phelps, (2011).
Moreover, it is also hard to see how Phillips' statement is
worse than the racist, demeaning, and even threatening
speech toward blacks that this Court has tolerated in
previous decisions. Concerns about "dignity" and "stigma"
did not carry the day when this Court affirmed the right of
white supremacists to burn a 25-foot cross, Virginia v.
Black, (2003); conduct a rally on Martin
Luther King Jr.'s birthday, Forsyth County v. Nationalist
Movement, (1992); or circulate a film featur­
ing hooded Klan members who were brandishing weapons
and threatening to " 'Bury the niggers,' " Brandenburg v.
Ohio, (1969) (per curiam).
Nor does the fact that this Court has now decided Ober-
gefell v. Hodges, 576 U. S. ___ (2015), somehow diminish
Phillips' right to free speech. "It is one thing... to con­
clude that the Constitution protects a right to same-sex
marriage; it is something else to portray everyone who
does not share [that view] as bigoted" and unentitled to
14 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

express a different view. Id., at ___ (ROBERTS, C. J., dis­
senting). This Court is not an authority on
matters of conscience, and its decisions can (and often
should) be criticized. The First Amendment gives individ­
uals the right to disagree about the correctness of Oberge-
fell and the morality of same-sex marriage. Obergefell
itself emphasized that the traditional understanding of
marriage "long has been held -- and continues to be held -- 
in good faith by reasonable and sincere people here and
throughout the world." Id., at ___ (majority opinion). If Phillips' continued adherence to that under­
standing makes him a minority after Obergefell, that is all
the more reason to insist that his speech be protected. See
Dale, supra, at 660 ("[T]he fact that [the social acceptance
of homosexuality] may be embraced and advocated by
increasing numbers of people is all the more reason to
protect the First Amendment rights of those who wish to
voice a different view").
* * *
In Obergefell, I warned that the Court's decision would
"inevitabl[y]... come into conflict" with religious liberty,
"as individuals... are confronted with demands to partic­
ipate in and endorse civil marriages between same-sex
couples." 576 U. S., at ___ (dissenting opinion). This case proves that the conflict has already
emerged. Because the Court's decision vindicates Phillips'
right to free exercise, it seems that religious liberty has
lived to fight another day. But, in future cases, the free­
dom of speech could be essential to preventing Obergefell
from being used to "stamp out every vestige of dissent"
and "vilify Americans who are unwilling to assent to the
new orthodoxy." Id., at ___ (ALITO, J., dissenting). If that freedom is to maintain its vitality, reasoning
like the Colorado Court of Appeals' must be rejected.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE GINSBURG, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR
joins, dissenting.
There is much in the Court's opinion with which I agree.
"[I]t is a general rule that [religious and philosophical]
objections do not allow business owners and other actors
in the economy and in society to deny protected persons
equal access to goods and services under a neutral and
generally applicable public accommodations law." Ante, at
9. "Colorado law can protect gay persons, just as it can
protect other classes of individuals, in acquiring whatever
products and services they choose on the same terms and
conditions as are offered to other members of the public."
Ante, at 10. "[P]urveyors of goods and services who object
to gay marriages for moral and religious reasons [may not]
put up signs saying 'no goods or services will be sold if
they will be used for gay marriages.' " Ante, at 12. Gay
persons may be spared from "indignities when they seek
goods and services in an open market." Ante, at 18.1 I
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 As JUSTICE THOMAS observes, the Court does not hold that wedding

cakes are speech or expression entitled to First Amendment protection.
See ante, at 1 (opinion concurring in part and concurring in judgment).
Nor could it, consistent with our First Amendment precedents. JUSTICE
THOMAS acknowledges that for conduct to constitute protected expres-
sion, the conduct must be reasonably understood by an observer to be
communicative. Ante, at 4 hostility to religion. Hostility
is discernible, the Court maintains, from the asserted
"disparate consideration of Phillips' case compared to the
cases of " three other bakers who refused to make cakes
requested by William Jack, an amicus here. Ante, at 18.
The Court also finds hostility in statements made at two
public hearings on Phillips' appeal to the Commission.
Ante, at 12 -- 14. The different outcomes the Court features
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Non-Violence, (1984)). The record in this case is
replete with Jack Phillips' own views on the messages he believes his
cakes convey. See ante, at 5 -- 6 (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and
concurring in judgment) (describing how Phillips "considers" and "sees"
his work). But Phillips submitted no evidence showing that an objec-
tive observer understands a wedding cake to convey a message, much
less that the observer understands the message to be the baker's,
rather than the marrying couple's. Indeed, some in the wedding
industry could not explain what message, or whose, a wedding cake
conveys. See Charsley, Interpretation and Custom: The Case of the
Wedding Cake, 22 Man 93, 100 -- 101 (1987) (no explanation of wedding
cakes' symbolism was forthcoming "even amongst those who might be
expected to be the experts"); id., at 104 -- 105 (the cake cutting tradition
might signify "the bride and groom... as appropriating the cake" from
the bride's parents). And Phillips points to no case in which this Court
has suggested the provision of a baked good might be expressive con-
duct. Cf. ante, at 7, (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and concurring
in judgment); Hurley v. Irish-American Gay, Lesbian, and Bisexual
Group of Boston, Inc., -- 579 (1995) ; Barnes v. Glen Theatre,
Inc., (1991) (noting precedents suggesting nude
dancing is expressive conduct); Spence v. Washington, (1974) (observing the Court's decades-long recognition of the
symbolism of flags).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

do not evidence hostility to religion of the kind we have
previously held to signal a free-exercise violation, nor do
the comments by one or two members of one of the four
decisionmaking entities considering this case justify re-
versing the judgment below.
I
On March 13, 2014 -- approximately three months after
the ALJ ruled in favor of the same-sex couple, Craig and
Mullins, and two months before the Commission heard
Phillips' appeal from that decision -- William Jack visited
three Colorado bakeries. His visits followed a similar
pattern. He requested two cakes
"made to resemble an open Bible. He also requested
that each cake be decorated with Biblical verses. [He]
requested that one of the cakes include an image of
two groomsmen, holding hands, with a red 'X' over the
image. On one cake, he requested [on] one side[,]... 'God hates sin. Psalm 45:7' and on the opposite
side of the cake 'Homosexuality is a detestable sin.
Leviticus 18:2.' On the second cake, [the one] with the
image of the two groomsmen covered by a red 'X'
[Jack] requested [these words]: 'God loves sinners' and
on the other side 'While we were yet sinners Christ
died for us. Romans 5:8.' " App. to Pet. for Cert. 319a;
see id., at 300a, 310a.
In contrast to Jack, Craig and Mullins simply requested a
wedding cake: They mentioned no message or anything
else distinguishing the cake they wanted to buy from any
other wedding cake Phillips would have sold.
One bakery told Jack it would make cakes in the shape
of Bibles, but would not decorate them with the requested
messages; the owner told Jack her bakery "does not dis-
criminate" and "accept[s] all humans." Id., at 301a (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). The second bakery owner
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

told Jack he "had done open Bibles and books many times
and that they look amazing," but declined to make the
specific cakes Jack described because the baker regarded
the messages as "hateful." Id., at 310a. The third bakery, according to Jack, said
it would bake the cakes, but would not include the re-
quested message. Id., at 319a.2
Jack filed charges against each bakery with the Colo-
rado Civil Rights Division (Division). The Division found no
probable cause to support Jack's claims of unequal treat-
ment and denial of goods or services based on his Chris-
tian religious beliefs. Id., at 297a, 307a, 316a. In this
regard, the Division observed that the bakeries regularly
produced cakes and other baked goods with Christian
symbols and had denied other customer requests for de-
signs demeaning people whose dignity the Colorado Anti-
discrimination Act (CADA) protects. See id., at 305a,
314a, 324a. The Commission summarily affirmed the
Division's no-probable-cause finding. See id., at 326a -- 
331a.
The Court concludes that "the Commission's considera-
tion of Phillips' religious objection did not accord with its
treatment of [the other bakers'] objections." Ante, at 15.
See also ante, at 5 -- 7 (GORSUCH, J., concurring). But the
cases the Court aligns are hardly comparable. The bakers
would have refused to make a cake with Jack's requested
message for any customer, regardless of his or her reli-
gion. And the bakers visited by Jack would have sold him
any baked goods they would have sold anyone else. The
bakeries' refusal to make Jack cakes of a kind they would
not make for any customer scarcely resembles Phillips'
refusal to serve Craig and Mullins: Phillips would not sell
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The record provides no ideological explanation for the bakeries' re-

fusals. Cf. ante, at 1 -- 2, 9, 11 (GORSUCH, J., concurring) (describing
Jack's requests as offensive to the bakers' "secular" convictions).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

to Craig and Mullins, for no reason other than their sexual
orientation, a cake of the kind he regularly sold to others.
When a couple contacts a bakery for a wedding cake, the
product they are seeking is a cake celebrating their wed-
ding -- not a cake celebrating heterosexual weddings or
same-sex weddings -- and that is the service Craig and
Mullins were denied. Cf. ante, at 3 -- 4, 9 -- 10 (GORSUCH, J.,
concurring). Colorado, the Court does not gainsay, prohib-
its precisely the discrimination Craig and Mullins encoun-
tered. See supra, at 1. Jack, on the other hand, suffered
no service refusal on the basis of his religion or any other
protected characteristic. He was treated as any other
customer would have been treated -- no better, no worse.3
The fact that Phillips might sell other cakes and cookies
to gay and lesbian customers4 was irrelevant to the issue
Craig and Mullins' case presented. What matters is that
Phillips would not provide a good or service to a same-sex
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 JUSTICE GORSUCH argues that the situations "share all legally sa-

lient features." Ante, at 4 (concurring opinion). But what critically
differentiates them is the role the customer's "statutorily protected
trait," ibid., played in the denial of service. Change Craig and Mullins'
sexual orientation (or sex), and Phillips would have provided the cake.
Change Jack's religion, and the bakers would have been no more
willing to comply with his request. The bakers' objections to Jack's
cakes had nothing to do with "religious opposition to same-sex wed-
dings." Ante, at 6 (GORSUCH, J., concurring). Instead, the bakers
simply refused to make cakes bearing statements demeaning to people
protected by CADA. With respect to Jack's second cake, in particular,
where he requested an image of two groomsmen covered by a red "X"
and the lines "God loves sinners" and "While we were yet sinners Christ
died for us," the bakers gave not the slightest indication that religious
words, rather than the demeaning image, prompted the objection. See
supra, at 3. Phillips did, therefore, discriminate because of sexual
orientation; the other bakers did not discriminate because of religious
belief; and the Commission properly found discrimination in one case
but not the other. Cf. ante, at 4 -- 6 (GORSUCH, J., concurring).
4 But see ante, at 7 (majority opinion) (acknowledging that Phillips

refused to sell to a lesbian couple cupcakes for a celebration of their
union).
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

couple that he would provide to a heterosexual couple. In
contrast, the other bakeries' sale of other goods to Chris-
tian customers was relevant: It shows that there were no
goods the bakeries would sell to a non-Christian customer
that they would refuse to sell to a Christian customer. Cf.
ante, at 15.
Nor was the Colorado Court of Appeals' "difference in
treatment of these two instances... based on the govern-
ment's own assessment of offensiveness." Ante, at 16.
Phillips declined to make a cake he found offensive where
the offensiveness of the product was determined solely by
the identity of the customer requesting it. The three other
bakeries declined to make cakes where their objection to
the product was due to the demeaning message the re-
quested product would literally display. As the Court
recognizes, a refusal "to design a special cake with words
or images... might be different from a refusal to sell any
cake at all." Ante, at 2.5 The Colorado Court of Appeals
did not distinguish Phillips and the other three bakeries
based simply on its or the Division's finding that messages
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The Court undermines this observation when later asserting that
the treatment of Phillips, as compared with the treatment of the other
three bakeries, "could reasonably be interpreted as being inconsistent
as to the question of whether speech is involved." Ante, at 15. But
recall that, while Jack requested cakes with particular text inscribed,
Craig and Mullins were refused the sale of any wedding cake at all.
They were turned away before any specific cake design could be dis-
cussed. (It appears that Phillips rarely, if ever, produces wedding cakes
with words on them -- or at least does not advertise such cakes. See
Masterpiece Cakeshop, Wedding, http://www.masterpiececakes.com/
wedding-cakes (as last visited June 1, 2018) (gallery with 31 wedding
cake images, none of which exhibits words).) The Division and the
Court of Appeals could rationally and lawfully distinguish between a
case involving disparaging text and images and a case involving a
wedding cake of unspecified design. The distinction is not between a
cake with text and one without, see ante, at 8 -- 9 (GORSUCH, J., concur-
ring); it is between a cake with a particular design and one whose form
was never even discussed.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

in the cakes Jack requested were offensive while any
message in a cake for Craig and Mullins was not. The
Colorado court distinguished the cases on the ground that
Craig and Mullins were denied service based on an aspect
of their identity that the State chose to grant vigorous
protection from discrimination. See App. to Pet. for Cert.
20a, ("The Division found that the bakeries did not
refuse [Jack's] request because of his creed, but rather
because of the offensive nature of the requested mes-
sage.... [T]here was no evidence that the bakeries based
their decisions on [Jack's] religion... [whereas Phillips]
discriminat[ed] on the basis of sexual orientation."). I do
not read the Court to suggest that the Colorado Legisla-
ture's decision to include certain protected characteristics
in CADA is an impermissible government prescription of
what is and is not offensive. Cf. ante, at 9 -- 10. To repeat,
the Court affirms that "Colorado law can protect gay
persons, just as it can protect other classes of individuals,
in acquiring whatever products and services they choose
on the same terms and conditions as are offered to other
members of the public." Ante, at 10.
II
Statements made at the Commission's public hearings
on Phillips' case provide no firmer support for the Court's
holding today. Whatever one may think of the statements
in historical context, I see no reason why the comments of
one or two Commissioners should be taken to overcome
Phillips' refusal to sell a wedding cake to Craig and Mul-
lins. The proceedings involved several layers of independ-
ent decisionmaking, of which the Commission was but one.
See App. to Pet. for Cert. 5a -- 6a. First, the Division had to
find probable cause that Phillips violated CADA. Second,
the ALJ entertained the parties' cross-motions for sum-
mary judgment. Third, the Commission heard Phillips'
appeal. Fourth, after the Commission's ruling, the Colo-
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

rado Court of Appeals considered the case de novo. What
prejudice infected the determinations of the adjudicators
in the case before and after the Commission? The Court
does not say. Phillips' case is thus far removed from the
only precedent upon which the Court relies, Church of
Lukumi Babalu Aye, Inc. v. Hialeah, (1993),
where the government action that violated a principle of
religious neutrality implicated a sole decisionmaking body,
the city council, see id., at 526 -- 528.
* * *
For the reasons stated, sensible application of CADA to
a refusal to sell any wedding cake to a gay couple should
occasion affirmance of the Colorado Court of Appeals'
judgment. I would so rule.

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
In 2012 a same-sex couple visited Masterpiece
Cakeshop, a bakery in Colorado, to make inquiries about
ordering a cake for their wedding reception. The shop's
owner told the couple that he would not create a cake for
their wedding because of his religious opposition to same-
sex marriages -- marriages the State of Colorado itself did
not recognize at that time. The couple filed a charge with
the Colorado Civil Rights Commission alleging discrimina-
tion on the basis of sexual orientation in violation of the
Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act.
The Commission determined that the shop's actions
violated the Act and ruled in the couple's favor. The Colo-
rado state courts affirmed the ruling and its enforcement
order, and this Court now must decide whether the Com-
mission's order violated the Constitution.
The case presents difficult questions as to the proper
reconciliation of at least two principles. The first is the
authority of a State and its governmental entities to pro-
tect the rights and dignity of gay persons who are, or wish
to be, married but who face discrimination when they seek
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

goods or services. The second is the right of all persons to
exercise fundamental freedoms under the First Amend-
ment, as applied to the States through the Fourteenth
Amendment.
The freedoms asserted here are both the freedom of
speech and the free exercise of religion. The free speech
aspect of this case is difficult, for few persons who have
seen a beautiful wedding cake might have thought of its
creation as an exercise of protected speech. This is an
instructive example, however, of the proposition that the
application of constitutional freedoms in new contexts can
deepen our understanding of their meaning.
One of the difficulties in this case is that the parties
disagree as to the extent of the baker's refusal to provide
service. If a baker refused to design a special cake with
words or images celebrating the marriage -- for instance, a
cake showing words with religious meaning -- that might
be different from a refusal to sell any cake at all. In defin-
ing whether a baker's creation can be protected, these
details might make a difference.
The same difficulties arise in determining whether a
baker has a valid free exercise claim. A baker's refusal to
attend the wedding to ensure that the cake is cut the right
way, or a refusal to put certain religious words or decora-
tions on the cake, or even a refusal to sell a cake that has
been baked for the public generally but includes certain
religious words or symbols on it are just three examples of
possibilities that seem all but endless.
Whatever the confluence of speech and free exercise
principles might be in some cases, the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission's consideration of this case was incon-
sistent with the State's obligation of religious neutrality.
The reason and motive for the baker's refusal were based
on his sincere religious beliefs and convictions. The
Court's precedents make clear that the baker, in his capac-
ity as the owner of a business serving the public, might
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

have his right to the free exercise of religion limited by
generally applicable laws. Still, the delicate question of
when the free exercise of his religion must yield to an
otherwise valid exercise of state power needed to be de-
termined in an adjudication in which religious hostility on
the part of the State itself would not be a factor in the
balance the State sought to reach. That requirement,
however, was not met here. When the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission considered this case, it did not do
so with the religious neutrality that the Constitution
requires.
Given all these considerations, it is proper to hold that
whatever the outcome of some future controversy involv-
ing facts similar to these, the Commission's actions here
violated the Free Exercise Clause; and its order must be
set aside.
I

A

Masterpiece Cakeshop, Ltd., is a bakery in Lakewood,
Colorado, a suburb of Denver. The shop offers a variety of
baked goods, ranging from everyday cookies and brownies
to elaborate custom-designed cakes for birthday parties,
weddings, and other events.
Jack Phillips is an expert baker who has owned and
operated the shop for 24 years. Phillips is a devout Chris-
tian. He has explained that his "main goal in life is to be
obedient to" Jesus Christ and Christ's "teachings in all
aspects of his life." App. 148. And he seeks to "honor God
through his work at Masterpiece Cakeshop." Ibid. One of
Phillips' religious beliefs is that "God's intention for mar-
riage from the beginning of history is that it is and should
be the union of one man and one woman." Id., at 149. To
Phillips, creating a wedding cake for a same-sex wedding
would be equivalent to participating in a celebration that
is contrary to his own most deeply held beliefs.
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

Phillips met Charlie Craig and Dave Mullins when they
entered his shop in the summer of 2012. Craig and Mul-
lins were planning to marry. At that time, Colorado did
not recognize same-sex marriages, so the couple planned
to wed legally in Massachusetts and afterwards to host a
reception for their family and friends in Denver. To pre-
pare for their celebration, Craig and Mullins visited the
shop and told Phillips that they were interested in order-
ing a cake for "our wedding." Id., at 152 (emphasis de-
leted). They did not mention the design of the cake they
envisioned.
Phillips informed the couple that he does not "create"
wedding cakes for same-sex weddings. Ibid. He ex-
plained, "I'll make your birthday cakes, shower cakes, sell
you cookies and brownies, I just don't make cakes for same
sex weddings." Ibid. The couple left the shop without
further discussion.
The following day, Craig's mother, who had accompa-
nied the couple to the cakeshop and been present for their
interaction with Phillips, telephoned to ask Phillips why
he had declined to serve her son. Phillips explained that
he does not create wedding cakes for same-sex weddings
because of his religious opposition to same-sex marriage,
and also because Colorado (at that time) did not recognize
same-sex marriages. Id., at 153. He later explained his
belief that "to create a wedding cake for an event that
celebrates something that directly goes against the teach-
ings of the Bible, would have been a personal endorsement
and participation in the ceremony and relationship that
they were entering into." Ibid. (emphasis deleted).
B
For most of its history, Colorado has prohibited discrim-
ination in places of public accommodation. In 1885, less
than a decade after Colorado achieved statehood, the
General Assembly passed "An Act to Protect All Citizens
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

in Their Civil Rights," which guaranteed "full and equal
enjoyment" of certain public facilities to "all citizens,"
"regardless of race, color or previous condition of servi-
tude." 1885 Colo. Sess. Laws pp. 132 -- 133. A decade later,
the General Assembly expanded the requirement to apply
to "all other places of public accommodation." 1895 Colo.
Sess. Laws ch. 61, p. 139.
Today, the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act (CADA)
carries forward the state's tradition of prohibiting discrim-
ination in places of public accommodation. Amended in
2007 and 2008 to prohibit discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation as well as other protected characteris-
tics, CADA in relevant part provides as follows:

"It is a discriminatory practice and unlawful for a per-
son, directly or indirectly, to refuse, withhold from, or
deny to an individual or a group, because of disability,
race, creed, color, sex, sexual orientation, marital sta-
tus, national origin, or ancestry, the full and equal en-
joyment of the goods, services, facilities, privileges,
advantages, or accommodations of a place of public ac-
commodation." Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 34 -- 601(2)(a)
(2017).

The Act defines "public accommodation" broadly to include
any "place of business engaged in any sales to the public
and any place offering services... to the public," but
excludes "a church, synagogue, mosque, or other place that
is principally used for religious purposes." -- 34 -- 601(1).
CADA establishes an administrative system for the
resolution of discrimination claims. Complaints of dis-
crimination in violation of CADA are addressed in the first
instance by the Colorado Civil Rights Division. The Divi-
sion investigates each claim; and if it finds probable cause
that CADA has been violated, it will refer the matter to
the Colorado Civil Rights Commission. The Commission,
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

in turn, decides whether to initiate a formal hearing be-
fore a state Administrative Law Judge (ALJ), who will
hear evidence and argument before issuing a written
decision. See -- 34 -- 306, 24 -- 4 -- 105(14). The decision of
the ALJ may be appealed to the full Commission, a seven-
member appointed body. The Commission holds a public
hearing and deliberative session before voting on the case.
If the Commission determines that the evidence proves a
CADA violation, it may impose remedial measures as
provided by statute. See -- 34 -- 306(9). Available reme-
dies include, among other things, orders to cease-and-
desist a discriminatory policy, to file regular compliance
reports with the Commission, and "to take affirmative
action, including the posting of notices setting forth the
substantive rights of the public." -- 34 -- 605. Colorado
law does not permit the Commission to assess money
damages or fines. -- 34 -- 306(9), 24 -- 34 -- 605.
C
Craig and Mullins filed a discrimination complaint
against Masterpiece Cakeshop and Phillips in August
2012, shortly after the couple's visit to the shop. App. 31.
The complaint alleged that Craig and Mullins had been
denied "full and equal service" at the bakery because of
their sexual orientation, id., at 35, 48, and that it was
Phillips' "standard business practice" not to provide cakes
for same-sex weddings, id., at 43.
The Civil Rights Division opened an investigation. The
investigator found that "on multiple occasions," Phillips
"turned away potential customers on the basis of their
sexual orientation, stating that he could not create a cake
for a same-sex wedding ceremony or reception" because
his religious beliefs prohibited it and because the potential
customers "were doing something illegal" at that time.
Id., at 76. The investigation found that Phillips had de-
clined to sell custom wedding cakes to about six other
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

same-sex couples on this basis. Id., at 72. The investiga-
tor also recounted that, according to affidavits submitted
by Craig and Mullins, Phillips' shop had refused to sell
cupcakes to a lesbian couple for their commitment celebra-
tion because the shop "had a policy of not selling baked
goods to same-sex couples for this type of event." Id., at
73. Based on these findings, the Division found probable
cause that Phillips violated CADA and referred the case to
the Civil Rights Commission. Id., at 69.
The Commission found it proper to conduct a formal
hearing, and it sent the case to a State ALJ. Finding no
dispute as to material facts, the ALJ entertained cross-
motions for summary judgment and ruled in the couple's
favor. The ALJ first rejected Phillips' argument that
declining to make or create a wedding cake for Craig and
Mullins did not violate Colorado law. It was undisputed
that the shop is subject to state public accommodations
laws. And the ALJ determined that Phillips' actions
constituted prohibited discrimination on the basis of sex-
ual orientation, not simply opposition to same-sex marriage
as Phillips contended. App. to Pet. for Cert. 68a -- 72a.
Phillips raised two constitutional claims before the ALJ.
He first asserted that applying CADA in a way that would
require him to create a cake for a same-sex wedding would
violate his First Amendment right to free speech by com-
pelling him to exercise his artistic talents to express a
message with which he disagreed. The ALJ rejected the
contention that preparing a wedding cake is a form of
protected speech and did not agree that creating Craig and
Mullins' cake would force Phillips to adhere to "an ideolog-
ical point of view." Id., at 75a. Applying CADA to the
facts at hand, in the ALJ's view, did not interfere with
Phillips' freedom of speech.
Phillips also contended that requiring him to create
cakes for same-sex weddings would violate his right to the
free exercise of religion, also protected by the First
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

Amendment. Citing this Court's precedent in Employment
Div., Dept. of Human Resources of Ore. v. Smith, (1990), the ALJ determined that CADA is a "valid and
neutral law of general applicability" and therefore that
applying it to Phillips in this case did not violate the Free
Exercise Clause. Id., at 879; App. to Pet. for Cert. 82a -- 
83a. The ALJ thus ruled against Phillips and the
cakeshop and in favor of Craig and Mullins on both consti-
tutional claims.
The Commission affirmed the ALJ's decision in full. Id.,
at 57a. The Commission ordered Phillips to "cease and
desist from discriminating against... same-sex couples by
refusing to sell them wedding cakes or any product [they]
would sell to heterosexual couples." Ibid. It also ordered
additional remedial measures, including "comprehensive
staff training on the Public Accommodations section" of
CADA "and changes to any and all company policies to
comply with... this Order." Id., at 58a. The Commission
additionally required Phillips to prepare "quarterly com-
pliance reports" for a period of two years documenting "the
number of patrons denied service" and why, along with "a
statement describing the remedial actions taken." Ibid.
Phillips appealed to the Colorado Court of Appeals,
which affirmed the Commission's legal determinations and
remedial order. The court rejected the argument that the
"Commission's order unconstitutionally compels" Phillips
and the shop "to convey a celebratory message about same
sex marriage." Craig v. Masterpiece Cakeshop, Inc., 370
P. 3d 272, 283 (2015). The court also rejected the argu-
ment that the Commission's order violated the Free Exer-
cise Clause. Relying on this Court's precedent in Smith,
supra, at 879, the court stated that the Free Exercise
Clause "does not relieve an individual of the obligation to
comply with a valid and neutral law of general applicabil-
ity" on the ground that following the law would interfere
with religious practice or belief. 370 P. 3d, at 289. The
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

court concluded that requiring Phillips to comply with the
statute did not violate his free exercise rights. The Colo-
rado Supreme Court declined to hear the case.
Phillips sought review here, and this Court granted
certiorari. 582 U. S. ___ (2017). He now renews his claims
under the Free Speech and Free Exercise Clauses of the
First Amendment.
II

A

Our society has come to the recognition that gay persons
and gay couples cannot be treated as social outcasts or as
inferior in dignity and worth. For that reason the laws
and the Constitution can, and in some instances must,
protect them in the exercise of their civil rights. The
exercise of their freedom on terms equal to others must be
given great weight and respect by the courts. At the same
time, the religious and philosophical objections to gay
marriage are protected views and in some instances pro-
tected forms of expression. As this Court observed in
Obergefell v. Hodges, 576 U. S. ___ (2015), "[t]he First
Amendment ensures that religious organizations and
persons are given proper protection as they seek to teach
the principles that are so fulfilling and so central to their
lives and faiths." Id., at ___. Nevertheless,
while those religious and philosophical objections are
protected, it is a general rule that such objections do not
allow business owners and other actors in the economy
and in society to deny protected persons equal access to
goods and services under a neutral and generally applica-
ble public accommodations law. See Newman v. Piggy
Park Enterprises, Inc., (1968) (per
curiam); see also Hurley v. Irish-American Gay, Lesbian
and Bisexual Group of Boston, Inc., 
(1995) ("Provisions like these are well within the State's
usual power to enact when a legislature has reason to
10 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

believe that a given group is the target of discrimination,
and they do not, as a general matter, violate the First or
Fourteenth Amendments").
When it comes to weddings, it can be assumed that a
member of the clergy who objects to gay marriage on
moral and religious grounds could not be compelled to
perform the ceremony without denial of his or her right to
the free exercise of religion. This refusal would be well
understood in our constitutional order as an exercise of
religion, an exercise that gay persons could recognize and
accept without serious diminishment to their own dignity
and worth. Yet if that exception were not confined, then a
long list of persons who provide goods and services for
marriages and weddings might refuse to do so for gay
persons, thus resulting in a community-wide stigma in-
consistent with the history and dynamics of civil rights
laws that ensure equal access to goods, services, and
public accommodations.
It is unexceptional that Colorado law can protect gay
persons, just as it can protect other classes of individuals,
in acquiring whatever products and services they choose
on the same terms and conditions as are offered to other
members of the public. And there are no doubt innumera-
ble goods and services that no one could argue implicate
the First Amendment. Petitioners conceded, moreover,
that if a baker refused to sell any goods or any cakes for
gay weddings, that would be a different matter and the
State would have a strong case under this Court's prece-
dents that this would be a denial of goods and services
that went beyond any protected rights of a baker who
offers goods and services to the general public and is
subject to a neutrally applied and generally applicable
public accommodations law. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 4 -- 7, 10.
Phillips claims, however, that a narrower issue is pre-
sented. He argues that he had to use his artistic skills to
make an expressive statement, a wedding endorsement in
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of the Court

his own voice and of his own creation. As Phillips would
see the case, this contention has a significant First
Amendment speech component and implicates his deep
and sincere religious beliefs. In this context the baker
likely found it difficult to find a line where the customers'
rights to goods and services became a demand for him to
exercise the right of his own personal expression for their
message, a message he could not express in a way con-
sistent with his religious beliefs.
Phillips' dilemma was particularly understandable
given the background of legal principles and administra-
tion of the law in Colorado at that time. His decision and
his actions leading to the refusal of service all occurred in
the year 2012. At that point, Colorado did not recognize
the validity of gay marriages performed in its own State.
See Colo. Const., Art. II, (2012); 370 P. 3d, at 277. At
the time of the events in question, this Court had not
issued its decisions either in United States v. Windsor, (2013), or Obergefell. Since the State itself did
not allow those marriages to be performed in Colorado,
there is some force to the argument that the baker was not
unreasonable in deeming it lawful to decline to take an
action that he understood to be an expression of support
for their validity when that expression was contrary to his
sincerely held religious beliefs, at least insofar as his
refusal was limited to refusing to create and express a
message in support of gay marriage, even one planned to
take place in another State.
At the time, state law also afforded storekeepers some
latitude to decline to create specific messages the store-
keeper considered offensive. Indeed, while enforcement
proceedings against Phillips were ongoing, the Colorado
Civil Rights Division itself endorsed this proposition in
cases involving other bakers' creation of cakes, concluding
on at least three occasions that a baker acted lawfully in
declining to create cakes with decorations that demeaned
12 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

gay persons or gay marriages. See Jack v. Gateaux, Ltd.,
Charge No. P20140071X (Mar. 24, 2015); Jack v. Le Bak-
ery Sensual, Inc., Charge No. P20140070X (Mar. 24, 2015);
Jack v. Azucar Bakery, Charge No. P20140069X (Mar. 24,
2015).
There were, to be sure, responses to these arguments
that the State could make when it contended for a differ-
ent result in seeking the enforcement of its generally
applicable state regulations of businesses that serve the
public. And any decision in favor of the baker would have
to be sufficiently constrained, lest all purveyors of goods
and services who object to gay marriages for moral and
religious reasons in effect be allowed to put up signs say-
ing "no goods or services will be sold if they will be used
for gay marriages," something that would impose a serious
stigma on gay persons. But, nonetheless, Phillips was
entitled to the neutral and respectful consideration of his
claims in all the circumstances of the case.
B
The neutral and respectful consideration to which Phil-
lips was entitled was compromised here, however. The
Civil Rights Commission's treatment of his case has some
elements of a clear and impermissible hostility toward the
sincere religious beliefs that motivated his objection.
That hostility surfaced at the Commission's formal,
public hearings, as shown by the record. On May 30,
2014, the seven-member Commission convened publicly to
consider Phillips' case. At several points during its meet-
ing, commissioners endorsed the view that religious beliefs
cannot legitimately be carried into the public sphere or
commercial domain, implying that religious beliefs and
persons are less than fully welcome in Colorado's business
community. One commissioner suggested that Phillips
can believe "what he wants to believe," but cannot act on
his religious beliefs "if he decides to do business in the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of the Court

state." Tr. 23. A few moments later, the commissioner
restated the same position: "[I]f a businessman wants to
do business in the state and he's got an issue with the -- 
the law's impacting his personal belief system, he needs to
look at being able to compromise." Id., at 30. Standing
alone, these statements are susceptible of different inter-
pretations. On the one hand, they might mean simply
that a business cannot refuse to provide services based on
sexual orientation, regardless of the proprietor's personal
views. On the other hand, they might be seen as inappro-
priate and dismissive comments showing lack of due
consideration for Phillips' free exercise rights and the
dilemma he faced. In view of the comments that followed,
the latter seems the more likely.
On July 25, 2014, the Commission met again. This
meeting, too, was conducted in public and on the record.
On this occasion another commissioner made specific
reference to the previous meeting's discussion but said far
more to disparage Phillips' beliefs. The commissioner
stated:

"I would also like to reiterate what we said in the
hearing or the last meeting. Freedom of religion and
religion has been used to justify all kinds of discrimi-
nation throughout history, whether it be slavery,
whether it be the holocaust, whether it be -- I mean,
we -- we can list hundreds of situations where freedom
of religion has been used to justify discrimination.
And to me it is one of the most despicable pieces of
rhetoric that people can use to -- to use their religion
to hurt others." Tr. 11 -- 12.

To describe a man's faith as "one of the most despicable
pieces of rhetoric that people can use" is to disparage his
religion in at least two distinct ways: by describing it as
despicable, and also by characterizing it as merely rhetori-
14 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

cal -- something insubstantial and even insincere. The
commissioner even went so far as to compare Phillips'
invocation of his sincerely held religious beliefs to defenses
of slavery and the Holocaust. This sentiment is inappro-
priate for a Commission charged with the solemn respon-
sibility of fair and neutral enforcement of Colorado's anti-
discrimination law -- a law that protects discrimination on
the basis of religion as well as sexual orientation.
The record shows no objection to these comments from
other commissioners. And the later state-court ruling
reviewing the Commission's decision did not mention
those comments, much less express concern with their
content. Nor were the comments by the commissioners
disavowed in the briefs filed in this Court. For these
reasons, the Court cannot avoid the conclusion that these
statements cast doubt on the fairness and impartiality of
the Commission's adjudication of Phillips' case. Members
of the Court have disagreed on the question whether
statements made by lawmakers may properly be taken
into account in determining whether a law intentionally
discriminates on the basis of religion. See Church of
Lukumi Babalu Aye, Inc. v. Hialeah, -- 
542 (1993); id., at 558 (Scalia, J., concurring in part and
concurring in judgment). In this case, however, the re-
marks were made in a very different context -- by an adju-
dicatory body deciding a particular case.
Another indication of hostility is the difference in treat-
ment between Phillips' case and the cases of other bakers
who objected to a requested cake on the basis of conscience
and prevailed before the Commission.
As noted above, on at least three other occasions the
Civil Rights Division considered the refusal of bakers to
create cakes with images that conveyed disapproval of
same-sex marriage, along with religious text. Each time,
the Division found that the baker acted lawfully in refus-
ing service. It made these determinations because, in the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 15

Opinion of the Court

words of the Division, the requested cake included "word-
ing and images [the baker] deemed derogatory," Jack v.
Gateaux, Ltd., Charge No. P20140071X, at 4; featured
"language and images [the baker] deemed hateful," Jack v.
Le Bakery Sensual, Inc., Charge No. P20140070X, at 4; or
displayed a message the baker "deemed as discriminatory,
Jack v. Azucar Bakery, Charge No. P20140069X, at 4.
The treatment of the conscience-based objections at
issue in these three cases contrasts with the Commission's
treatment of Phillips' objection. The Commission ruled
against Phillips in part on the theory that any message
the requested wedding cake would carry would be at-
tributed to the customer, not to the baker. Yet the Divi-
sion did not address this point in any of the other cases
with respect to the cakes depicting anti-gay marriage
symbolism. Additionally, the Division found no violation
of CADA in the other cases in part because each bakery
was willing to sell other products, including those depict-
ing Christian themes, to the prospective customers. But
the Commission dismissed Phillips' willingness to sell
"birthday cakes, shower cakes, [and] cookies and brown-
ies," App. 152, to gay and lesbian customers as irrelevant.
The treatment of the other cases and Phillips' case could
reasonably be interpreted as being inconsistent as to the
question of whether speech is involved, quite apart from
whether the cases should ultimately be distinguished. In
short, the Commission's consideration of Phillips' religious
objection did not accord with its treatment of these other
objections.
Before the Colorado Court of Appeals, Phillips protested
that this disparity in treatment reflected hostility on the
part of the Commission toward his beliefs. He argued that
the Commission had treated the other bakers' conscience-
based objections as legitimate, but treated his as illegiti-
mate -- thus sitting in judgment of his religious beliefs
themselves. The Court of Appeals addressed the disparity
16 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

only in passing and relegated its complete analysis of the
issue to a footnote. There, the court stated that "[t]his
case is distinguishable from the Colorado Civil Rights
Division's recent findings that [the other bakeries] in
Denver did not discriminate against a Christian patron on
the basis of his creed" when they refused to create the
requested cakes. 370 P. 3d, at 282,. In those cases,
the court continued, there was no impermissible discrimi-
nation because "the Division found that the bakeries...
refuse[d] the patron's request... because of the offensive
nature of the requested message." Ibid.
A principled rationale for the difference in treatment of
these two instances cannot be based on the government's
own assessment of offensiveness. Just as "no official, high
or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics,
nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion," West
Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943),
it is not, as the Court has repeatedly held, the role of the
State or its officials to prescribe what shall be offensive.
See Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2017) (opinion of
ALITO, J.) ( -- 23). The Colorado court's at-
tempt to account for the difference in treatment elevates
one view of what is offensive over another and itself sends
a signal of official disapproval of Phillips' religious beliefs.
The court's footnote does not, therefore, answer the
baker's concern that the State's practice was to disfavor
the religious basis of his objection.
C
For the reasons just described, the Commission's treat-
ment of Phillips' case violated the State's duty under the
First Amendment not to base laws or regulations on hos-
tility to a religion or religious viewpoint.
In Church of Lukumi Babalu Aye, supra, the Court
made clear that the government, if it is to respect the
Constitution's guarantee of free exercise, cannot impose
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 17

Opinion of the Court

regulations that are hostile to the religious beliefs of af-
fected citizens and cannot act in a manner that passes
judgment upon or presupposes the illegitimacy of religious
beliefs and practices. The Free Exercise Clause bars even
"subtle departures from neutrality" on matters of religion.
Id., at 534. Here, that means the Commission was obliged
under the Free Exercise Clause to proceed in a manner
neutral toward and tolerant of Phillips' religious beliefs.
The Constitution "commits government itself to religious
tolerance, and upon even slight suspicion that proposals
for state intervention stem from animosity to religion or
distrust of its practices, all officials must pause to remem-
ber their own high duty to the Constitution and to the
rights it secures." Id., at 547.
Factors relevant to the assessment of governmental
neutrality include "the historical background of the deci-
sion under challenge, the specific series of events leading
to the enactment or official policy in question, and the
legislative or administrative history, including contempo-
raneous statements made by members of the decisionmak-
ing body." Id., at 540. In view of these factors the record
here demonstrates that the Commission's consideration of
Phillips' case was neither tolerant nor respectful of Phil-
lips' religious beliefs. The Commission gave "every ap-
pearance," id., at 545, of adjudicating Phillips' religious
objection based on a negative normative "evaluation of the
particular justification" for his objection and the religious
grounds for it. Id., at 537. It hardly requires restating
that government has no role in deciding or even suggest-
ing whether the religious ground for Phillips' conscience-
based objection is legitimate or illegitimate. On these
facts, the Court must draw the inference that Phillips'
religious objection was not considered with the neutrality
that the Free Exercise Clause requires.
While the issues here are difficult to resolve, it must be
concluded that the State's interest could have been
18 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

weighed against Phillips' sincere religious objections in a
way consistent with the requisite religious neutrality that
must be strictly observed. The official expressions of
hostility to religion in some of the commissioners' com-
ments -- comments that were not disavowed at the Com-
mission or by the State at any point in the proceedings
that led to affirmance of the order -- were inconsistent with
what the Free Exercise Clause requires. The Commis-
sion's disparate consideration of Phillips' case compared to
the cases of the other bakers suggests the same. For these
reasons, the order must be set aside.
III
The Commission's hostility was inconsistent with the
First Amendment's guarantee that our laws be applied in
a manner that is neutral toward religion. Phillips was
entitled to a neutral decisionmaker who would give full
and fair consideration to his religious objection as he
sought to assert it in all of the circumstances in which this
case was presented, considered, and decided. In this case
the adjudication concerned a context that may well be
different going forward in the respects noted above. How-
ever later cases raising these or similar concerns are
resolved in the future, for these reasons the rulings of the
Commission and of the state court that enforced the
Commission's order must be invalidated.
The outcome of cases like this in other circumstances
must await further elaboration in the courts, all in the
context of recognizing that these disputes must be re-
solved with tolerance, without undue disrespect to sincere
religious beliefs, and without subjecting gay persons to
indignities when they seek goods and services in an open
market.
The judgment of the Colorado Court of Appeals is re-
versed.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

KAGAN, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE BREYER joins,
concurring.
"[I]t is a general rule that [religious and philosophical]
objections do not allow business owners and other actors
in the economy and in society to deny protected persons
equal access to goods and services under a neutral and
generally applicable public accommodations law." Ante, at
9. But in upholding that principle, state actors cannot
show hostility to religious views; rather, they must give
those views "neutral and respectful consideration." Ante,
at 12. I join the Court's opinion in full because I believe
the Colorado Civil Rights Commission did not satisfy that
obligation. I write separately to elaborate on one of the
bases for the Court's holding.
The Court partly relies on the "disparate consideration
of Phillips' case compared to the cases of [three] other
bakers" who "objected to a requested cake on the basis of
conscience." Ante, at 14, 18. In the latter cases, a customer
named William Jack sought "cakes with images that
conveyed disapproval of same-sex marriage, along with
religious text"; the bakers whom he approached refused to
make them. Ante, at 15; see post, at 3 (GINSBURG, J.,
dissenting) (further describing the requested cakes).
Those bakers prevailed before the Colorado Civil Rights
Division and Commission, while Phillips -- who objected for
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

KAGAN, J., concurring

religious reasons to baking a wedding cake for a same-sex
couple -- did not. The Court finds that the legal reasoning
of the state agencies differed in significant ways as be-
tween the Jack cases and the Phillips case. See ante, at
15. And the Court takes especial note of the suggestion
made by the Colorado Court of Appeals, in comparing
those cases, that the state agencies found the message
Jack requested "offensive [in] nature." Ante, at 16 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). As the Court states, a
"principled rationale for the difference in treatment" can-
not be "based on the government's own assessment of
offensiveness." Ibid.
What makes the state agencies' consideration yet more
disquieting is that a proper basis for distinguishing the
cases was available -- in fact, was obvious. The Colorado
Anti-Discrimination Act (CADA) makes it unlawful for a
place of public accommodation to deny "the full and equal
enjoyment" of goods and services to individuals based on
certain characteristics, including sexual orientation and
creed. Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 34 -- 601(2)(a) (2017). The three
bakers in the Jack cases did not violate that law. Jack
requested them to make a cake (one denigrating gay peo-
ple and same-sex marriage) that they would not have
made for any customer. In refusing that request, the
bakers did not single out Jack because of his religion, but
instead treated him in the same way they would have
treated anyone else -- just as CADA requires. By contrast,
the same-sex couple in this case requested a wedding cake
that Phillips would have made for an opposite-sex couple.
In refusing that request, Phillips contravened CADA's
demand that customers receive "the full and equal enjoy-
ment" of public accommodations irrespective of their
sexual orientation. Ibid. The different outcomes in the
Jack cases and the Phillips case could thus have been
justified by a plain reading and neutral application of
Colorado law -- untainted by any bias against a religious
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

KAGAN, J., concurring

belief.*
I read the Court's opinion as fully consistent with that
view. The Court limits its analysis to the reasoning of the
state agencies (and Court of Appeals) -- "quite apart from
whether the [Phillips and Jack] cases should ultimately be
distinguished." Ante, at 15. And the Court itself recognizes
the principle that would properly account for a difference
in result between those cases. Colorado law, the Court
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* JUSTICE GORSUCH disagrees. In his view, the Jack cases and the
Phillips case must be treated the same because the bakers in all those
cases "would not sell the requested cakes to anyone." Post, at 4. That
description perfectly fits the Jack cases -- and explains why the bakers
there did not engage in unlawful discrimination. But it is a surprising
characterization of the Phillips case, given that Phillips routinely sells
wedding cakes to opposite-sex couples. JUSTICE GORSUCH can make the
claim only because he does not think a "wedding cake" is the relevant
product. As JUSTICE GORSUCH sees it, the product that Phillips refused
to sell here -- and would refuse to sell to anyone -- was a "cake celebrat-
ing same-sex marriage." Ibid.; see post, at 3, 6, 8 -- 9. But that is wrong.
The cake requested was not a special "cake celebrating same-sex
marriage." It was simply a wedding cake -- one that (like other stand-
ard wedding cakes) is suitable for use at same-sex and opposite-sex
weddings alike. See ante, at 4 (majority opinion) (recounting that
Phillips did not so much as discuss the cake's design before he refused
to make it). And contrary to JUSTICE GORSUCH'S view, a wedding cake
does not become something different whenever a vendor like Phillips
invests its sale to particular customers with "religious significance."
Post, at 11. As this Court has long held, and reaffirms today, a vendor
cannot escape a public accommodations law because his religion disap-
proves selling a product to a group of customers, whether defined by
sexual orientation, race, sex, or other protected trait. See Newman v.
Piggie Park Enterprises, Inc., (1968) (per
curiam) (holding that a barbeque vendor must serve black customers
even if he perceives such service as vindicating racial equality, in
violation of his religious beliefs); ante, at 9. A vendor can choose the
products he sells, but not the customers he serves -- no matter the
reason. Phillips sells wedding cakes. As to that product, he unlawfully
discriminates: He sells it to opposite-sex but not to same-sex couples.
And on that basis -- which has nothing to do with Phillips' religious
beliefs -- Colorado could have distinguished Phillips from the bakers in
the Jack cases, who did not engage in any prohibited discrimination.
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

KAGAN, J., concurring

says, "can protect gay persons, just as it can protect other
classes of individuals, in acquiring whatever products and
services they choose on the same terms and conditions as
are offered to other members of the public." Ante, at 10.
For that reason, Colorado can treat a baker who discrimi-
nates based on sexual orientation differently from a baker
who does not discriminate on that or any other prohibited
ground. But only, as the Court rightly says, if the State's
decisions are not infected by religious hostility or bias. I
accordingly concur.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

GORSUCH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE ALITO joins,
concurring.
In Employment Div., Dept. of Human Resources of Ore.
v. Smith, this Court held that a neutral and generally
applicable law will usually survive a constitutional free
exercise challenge. -- 879 (1990). Smith
remains controversial in many quarters. Compare
McConnell, The Origins and Historical Understanding of
Free Exercise of Religion, 103 Harv. L. Rev. 1409 (1990),
with Hamburger, A Constitutional Right of Religious
Exemption: An Historical Perspective, 60 Geo. Wash. L.
Rev. 915 (1992). But we know this with certainty: when
the government fails to act neutrally toward the free
exercise of religion, it tends to run into trouble. Then the
government can prevail only if it satisfies strict scrutiny,
showing that its restrictions on religion both serve a com-
pelling interest and are narrowly tailored. Church of
Lukumi Babalu Aye, Inc. v. Hialeah, 
(1993).
Today's decision respects these principles. As the Court
explains, the Colorado Civil Rights Commission failed to
act neutrally toward Jack Phillips's religious faith. Maybe
most notably, the Commission allowed three other bakers
to refuse a customer's request that would have required
them to violate their secular commitments. Yet it denied
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

the same accommodation to Mr. Phillips when he refused
a customer's request that would have required him to
violate his religious beliefs. Ante, at 14 -- 16. As the Court
also explains, the only reason the Commission seemed to
supply for its discrimination was that it found Mr. Phil-
lips's religious beliefs "offensive." Ibid. That kind of
judgmental dismissal of a sincerely held religious belief is,
of course, antithetical to the First Amendment and cannot
begin to satisfy strict scrutiny. The Constitution protects
not just popular religious exercises from the condemnation
of civil authorities. It protects them all. Because the
Court documents each of these points carefully and thor-
oughly, I am pleased to join its opinion in full.
The only wrinkle is this. In the face of so much evidence
suggesting hostility toward Mr. Phillips's sincerely held
religious beliefs, two of our colleagues have written sepa-
rately to suggest that the Commission acted neutrally
toward his faith when it treated him differently from the
other bakers -- or that it could have easily done so con-
sistent with the First Amendment. See post, at 4 -- 5, and
(GINSBURG, J., dissenting); ante, at 2 -- 3, and n.
(KAGAN, J., concurring). But, respectfully, I do not see
how we might rescue the Commission from its error.
A full view of the facts helps point the way to the prob-
lem. Start with William Jack's case. He approached three
bakers and asked them to prepare cakes with messages
disapproving same-sex marriage on religious grounds.
App. 233, 243, 252. All three bakers refused Mr. Jack's
request, stating that they found his request offensive to
their secular convictions. Id., at 231, 241, 250. Mr. Jack
responded by filing complaints with the Colorado Civil
Rights Division. Id., at 230, 240, 249. He pointed to
Colorado's Anti-Discrimination Act, which prohibits dis-
crimination against customers in public accommodations
because of religious creed, sexual orientation, or certain
other traits. See ibid.; Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 34 -- 601(2)(a)
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

GORSUCH, J., concurring

(2017). Mr. Jack argued that the cakes he sought reflected
his religious beliefs and that the bakers could not refuse to
make them just because they happened to disagree with
his beliefs. App. 231, 241, 250. But the Division declined
to find a violation, reasoning that the bakers didn't deny
Mr. Jack service because of his religious faith but because
the cakes he sought were offensive to their own moral
convictions. Id., at 237, 247, 255 -- 256. As proof, the Divi-
sion pointed to the fact that the bakers said they treated
Mr. Jack as they would have anyone who requested a cake
with similar messages, regardless of their religion. Id., at
230 -- 231, 240, 249. The Division pointed, as well, to the
fact that the bakers said they were happy to provide reli-
gious persons with other cakes expressing other ideas. Id.,
at 237, 247, 257. Mr. Jack appealed to the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission, but the Commission summarily de-
nied relief. App. to Pet. for Cert. 326a -- 331a.
Next, take the undisputed facts of Mr. Phillips's case.
Charlie Craig and Dave Mullins approached Mr. Phillips
about creating a cake to celebrate their wedding. App.
168. Mr. Phillips explained that he could not prepare a
cake celebrating a same-sex wedding consistent with his
religious faith. Id., at 168 -- 169. But Mr. Phillips offered
to make other baked goods for the couple, including cakes
celebrating other occasions. Ibid. Later, Mr. Phillips
testified without contradiction that he would have refused
to create a cake celebrating a same-sex marriage for any
customer, regardless of his or her sexual orientation. Id.,
at 166 -- 167 ("I will not design and create wedding cakes
for a same-sex wedding regardless of the sexual orienta-
tion of the customer"). And the record reveals that Mr.
Phillips apparently refused just such a request from Mr.
Craig's mother. Id., at 38 -- 40, 169. (Any suggestion that
Mr. Phillips was willing to make a cake celebrating a
same-sex marriage for a heterosexual customer or was not
willing to sell other products to a homosexual customer,
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

then, would simply mistake the undisputed factual record.
See post, at 4, (GINSBURG, J., dissenting); ante, at 2 -- 3,
and n. (KAGAN, J., concurring)). Nonetheless, the Com-
mission held that Mr. Phillips's conduct violated the Colo-
rado public accommodations law. App. to Pet. for Cert.
56a -- 58a.
The facts show that the two cases share all legally sa-
lient features. In both cases, the effect on the customer was
the same: bakers refused service to persons who bore a
statutorily protected trait (religious faith or sexual orien-
tation). But in both cases the bakers refused service
intending only to honor a personal conviction. To be sure,
the bakers knew their conduct promised the effect of leav-
ing a customer in a protected class unserved. But there's
no indication the bakers actually intended to refuse ser-
vice because of a customer's protected characteristic. We
know this because all of the bakers explained without
contradiction that they would not sell the requested cakes
to anyone, while they would sell other cakes to members of
the protected class (as well as to anyone else). So, for
example, the bakers in the first case would have refused to
sell a cake denigrating same-sex marriage to an atheist
customer, just as the baker in the second case would have
refused to sell a cake celebrating same-sex marriage to a
heterosexual customer. And the bakers in the first case
were generally happy to sell to persons of faith, just as the
baker in the second case was generally happy to sell to gay
persons. In both cases, it was the kind of cake, not the
kind of customer, that mattered to the bakers.
The distinction between intended and knowingly accepted
effects is familiar in life and law. Often the purposeful
pursuit of worthy commitments requires us to accept
unwanted but entirely foreseeable side effects: so, for
example, choosing to spend time with family means the
foreseeable loss of time for charitable work, just as opting
for more time in the office means knowingly forgoing time
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

GORSUCH, J., concurring

at home with loved ones. The law, too, sometimes distin-
guishes between intended and foreseeable effects. See,
e.g., ALI, Model Penal Code.13, 2.02(2)(a)(i) (1985); 1
W. LaFave, Substantive Criminal Law.2(b), pp. 460 -- 
463 (3d ed. 2018). Other times, of course, the law proceeds
differently, either conflating intent and knowledge or
presuming intent as a matter of law from a showing of
knowledge. See, e.g., Restatement (Second) of Torts 
(1965); Radio Officers v. NLRB, (1954).
The problem here is that the Commission failed to act
neutrally by applying a consistent legal rule. In Mr.
Jack's case, the Commission chose to distinguish carefully
between intended and knowingly accepted effects. Even
though the bakers knowingly denied service to someone in
a protected class, the Commission found no violation
because the bakers only intended to distance themselves
from "the offensive nature of the requested message."
Craig v. Masterpiece Cakeshop, Inc., 370 P. 3d 272, 282,
(Colo. App. 2015); App. 237, 247, 256; App. to Pet. for
Cert. 326a -- 331a; see also Brief for Respondent Colorado
Civil Rights Commission 52 ("Businesses are entitled to
reject orders for any number of reasons, including because
they deem a particular product requested by a customer to
be 'offensive' "). Yet, in Mr. Phillips's case, the Commis-
sion dismissed this very same argument as resting on a
"distinction without a difference." App. to Pet. for Cert.
69a. It concluded instead that an "intent to disfavor" a
protected class of persons should be "readily... pre-
sumed" from the knowing failure to serve someone who
belongs to that class. Id., at 70a. In its judgment, Mr.
Phillips's intentions were "inextricably tied to the sexual
orientation of the parties involved" and essentially "irra-
tional." Ibid.
Nothing in the Commission's opinions suggests any
neutral principle to reconcile these holdings. If Mr. Phil-
lips's objection is "inextricably tied" to a protected class,
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

then the bakers' objection in Mr. Jack's case must be
"inextricably tied" to one as well. For just as cakes cele-
brating same-sex weddings are (usually) requested by
persons of a particular sexual orientation, so too are cakes
expressing religious opposition to same-sex weddings
(usually) requested by persons of particular religious
faiths. In both cases the bakers' objection would (usually)
result in turning down customers who bear a protected
characteristic. In the end, the Commission's decisions
simply reduce to this: it presumed that Mr. Phillip har-
bored an intent to discriminate against a protected class in
light of the foreseeable effects of his conduct, but it de-
clined to presume the same intent in Mr. Jack's case even
though the effects of the bakers' conduct were just as
foreseeable. Underscoring the double standard, a state
appellate court said that "no such showing" of actual
"animus" -- or intent to discriminate against persons in a
protected class -- was even required in Mr. Phillips's case.
370 P. 3d, at 282.
The Commission cannot have it both ways. The Com-
mission cannot slide up and down the mens rea scale,
picking a mental state standard to suit its tastes depend-
ing on its sympathies. Either actual proof of intent to
discriminate on the basis of membership in a protected
class is required (as the Commission held in Mr. Jack's
case), or it is sufficient to "presume" such intent from the
knowing failure to serve someone in a protected class (as
the Commission held in Mr. Phillips's case). Perhaps the
Commission could have chosen either course as an initial
matter. But the one thing it can't do is apply a more
generous legal test to secular objections than religious
ones. See Church of Lukumi Babalu Aye, 508 U. S., at
543 -- 544. That is anything but the neutral treatment of
religion.
The real explanation for the Commission's discrimina-
tion soon comes clear, too -- and it does anything but help
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

GORSUCH, J., concurring

its cause. This isn't a case where the Commission self-
consciously announced a change in its legal rule in all
public accommodation cases. Nor is this a case where the
Commission offered some persuasive reason for its dis-
crimination that might survive strict scrutiny. Instead, as
the Court explains, it appears the Commission wished to
condemn Mr. Phillips for expressing just the kind of "irra-
tional" or "offensive... message" that the bakers in the
first case refused to endorse. Ante, at 16. Many may
agree with the Commission and consider Mr. Phillips's
religious beliefs irrational or offensive. Some may believe
he misinterprets the teachings of his faith. And, to be
sure, this Court has held same-sex marriage a matter of
constitutional right and various States have enacted laws
that preclude discrimination on the basis of sexual orien-
tation. But it is also true that no bureaucratic judgment
condemning a sincerely held religious belief as "irrational"
or "offensive" will ever survive strict scrutiny under the
First Amendment. In this country, the place of secular
officials isn't to sit in judgment of religious beliefs, but
only to protect their free exercise. Just as it is the "proud-
est boast of our free speech jurisprudence" that we protect
speech that we hate, it must be the proudest boast of our
free exercise jurisprudence that we protect religious be-
liefs that we find offensive. See Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S.
___, ___ (2017) (plurality opinion) 
(Holmes, J., dissenting)). Popular religious views are easy
enough to defend. It is in protecting unpopular religious
beliefs that we prove this country's commitment to serving
as a refuge for religious freedom. See Church of Lukumi
Babalu Aye, supra, at 547; Thomas v. Review Bd. of Indi-
ana Employment Security Div., -- 716
(1981); Wisconsin v. Yoder, -- 224 (1972);
Cantwell v. Connecticut, -- 310 (1940).
Nor can any amount of after-the-fact maneuvering by
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

our colleagues save the Commission. It is no answer, for
example, to observe that Mr. Jack requested a cake with
text on it while Mr. Craig and Mr. Mullins sought a cake
celebrating their wedding without discussing its decora-
tion, and then suggest this distinction makes all the dif-
ference. See post, at 4 -- 5, and (GINSBURG, J., dissent-
ing). It is no answer either simply to slide up a level of
generality to redescribe Mr. Phillips's case as involving
only a wedding cake like any other, so the fact that Mr.
Phillips would make one for some means he must make
them for all. See ante, at 2 -- 3, and n. (KAGAN, J., concur-
ring). These arguments, too, fail to afford Mr. Phillips's
faith neutral respect.
Take the first suggestion first. To suggest that cakes
with words convey a message but cakes without words do
not -- all in order to excuse the bakers in Mr. Jack's case
while penalizing Mr. Phillips -- is irrational. Not even the
Commission or court of appeals purported to rely on that
distinction. Imagine Mr. Jack asked only for a cake with a
symbolic expression against same-sex marriage rather
than a cake bearing words conveying the same idea.
Surely the Commission would have approved the bakers'
intentional wish to avoid participating in that message
too. Nor can anyone reasonably doubt that a wedding
cake without words conveys a message. Words or not and
whatever the exact design, it celebrates a wedding, and if
the wedding cake is made for a same-sex couple it cele-
brates a same-sex wedding. See 370 P. 3d, at 276 (stating
that Mr. Craig and Mr. Mullins "requested that Phillips
design and create a cake to celebrate their same-sex wed-
ding"). Like "an emblem or flag," a cake
for a same-sex wedding is a symbol that serves as "a short
cut from mind to mind," signifying approval of a specific
"system, idea, [or] institution." West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v.
Barnette, (1943). It is precisely that
approval that Mr. Phillips intended to withhold in keeping
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

GORSUCH, J., concurring

with his religious faith. The Commission denied Mr.
Phillips that choice, even as it afforded the bakers in Mr.
Jack's case the choice to refuse to advance a message they
deemed offensive to their secular commitments. That is
not neutral.
Nor would it be proper for this or any court to suggest
that a person must be forced to write words rather than
create a symbol before his religious faith is implicated.
Civil authorities, whether "high or petty," bear no license
to declare what is or should be "orthodox" when it comes to
religious beliefs, id., at 642, or whether an adherent has
"correctly perceived" the commands of his religion, Thomas,
supra, at 716. Instead, it is our job to look beyond the
formality of written words and afford legal protection to
any sincere act of faith. See generally Hurley v. Irish-
American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston,
Inc., (1995) ("[T]he Constitution looks
beyond written or spoken words as mediums of ex-
pression," which are "not a condition of constitutional
protection").
The second suggestion fares no better. Suggesting that
this case is only about "wedding cakes" -- and not a wed-
ding cake celebrating a same-sex wedding -- actually points
up the problem. At its most general level, the cake at
issue in Mr. Phillips's case was just a mixture of flour and
eggs; at its most specific level, it was a cake celebrating
the same-sex wedding of Mr. Craig and Mr. Mullins. We
are told here, however, to apply a sort of Goldilocks rule:
describing the cake by its ingredients is too general; un-
derstanding it as celebrating a same-sex wedding is too
specific; but regarding it as a generic wedding cake is just
right. The problem is, the Commission didn't play with
the level of generality in Mr. Jack's case in this way. It
didn't declare, for example, that because the cakes Mr.
Jack requested were just cakes about weddings generally,
and all such cakes were the same, the bakers had to pro-
10 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

duce them. Instead, the Commission accepted the bakers'
view that the specific cakes Mr. Jack requested conveyed a
message offensive to their convictions and allowed them to
refuse service. Having done that there, it must do the
same here.
Any other conclusion would invite civil authorities to
gerrymander their inquiries based on the parties they
prefer. Why calibrate the level of generality in Mr. Phil-
lips's case at "wedding cakes" exactly -- and not at, say,
"cakes" more generally or "cakes that convey a message
regarding same-sex marriage" more specifically? If
"cakes" were the relevant level of generality, the Commis-
sion would have to order the bakers to make Mr. Jack's
requested cakes just as it ordered Mr. Phillips to make the
requested cake in his case. Conversely, if "cakes that
convey a message regarding same-sex marriage" were the
relevant level of generality, the Commission would have to
respect Mr. Phillips's refusal to make the requested cake
just as it respected the bakers' refusal to make the cakes
Mr. Jack requested. In short, when the same level of
generality is applied to both cases, it is no surprise that
the bakers have to be treated the same. Only by adjusting
the dials just right -- fine-tuning the level of generality up
or down for each case based solely on the identity of the
parties and the substance of their views -- can you engi-
neer the Commission's outcome, handing a win to Mr.
Jack's bakers but delivering a loss to Mr. Phillips. Such
results-driven reasoning is improper. Neither the Com-
mission nor this Court may apply a more specific level of
generality in Mr. Jack's case (a cake that conveys a mes-
sage regarding same-sex marriage) while applying a higher
level of generality in Mr. Phillips's case (a cake that
conveys no message regarding same-sex marriage). Of
course, under Smith a vendor cannot escape a public
accommodations law just because his religion frowns on it.
But for any law to comply with the First Amendment and
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

GORSUCH, J., concurring

Smith, it must be applied in a manner that treats religion
with neutral respect. That means the government must
apply the same level of generality across cases -- and that
did not happen here.
There is another problem with sliding up the generality
scale: it risks denying constitutional protection to religious
beliefs that draw distinctions more specific than the gov-
ernment's preferred level of description. To some, all
wedding cakes may appear indistinguishable. But to Mr.
Phillips that is not the case -- his faith teaches him other-
wise. And his religious beliefs are entitled to no less
respectful treatment than the bakers' secular beliefs in
Mr. Jack's case. This Court has explained these same
points "[r]epeatedly and in many different contexts" over
many years. Smith, 494 U. S. at 887. For example, in
Thomas a faithful Jehovah's Witness and steel mill worker
agreed to help manufacture sheet steel he knew might
find its way into armaments, but he was unwilling to work
on a fabrication line producing tank turrets. 450 U. S., at
711. Of course, the line Mr. Thomas drew wasn't the same
many others would draw and it wasn't even the same line
many other members of the same faith would draw. Even
so, the Court didn't try to suggest that making steel is just
making steel. Or that to offend his religion the steel
needed to be of a particular kind or shape. Instead, it
recognized that Mr. Thomas alone was entitled to define
the nature of his religious commitments -- and that those
commitments, as defined by the faithful adherent, not a
bureaucrat or judge, are entitled to protection under the
First Amendment. Id., at 714 -- 716; see also United States
v. Lee, -- 255 (1982); Smith, supra, at 887
(collecting authorities). It is no more appropriate for the
United States Supreme Court to tell Mr. Phillips that a
wedding cake is just like any other -- without regard to the
religious significance his faith may attach to it -- than it
would be for the Court to suggest that for all persons
12 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

sacramental bread is just bread or a kippah is just a cap.
Only one way forward now remains. Having failed to
afford Mr. Phillips's religious objections neutral considera-
tion and without any compelling reason for its failure, the
Commission must afford him the same result it afforded
the bakers in Mr. Jack's case. The Court recognizes this
by reversing the judgment below and holding that the
Commission's order "must be set aside." Ante, at 18.
Maybe in some future rulemaking or case the Commission
could adopt a new "knowing" standard for all refusals of
service and offer neutral reasons for doing so. But, as the
Court observes, "[h]owever later cases raising these or
similar concerns are resolved in the future,... the rulings
of the Commission and of the state court that enforced the
Commission's order" in this case "must be invalidated."
Ibid. Mr. Phillips has conclusively proven a First
Amendment violation and, after almost six years facing
unlawful civil charges, he is entitled to judgment.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring in part and concurring in the judgment.
I agree that the Colorado Civil Rights Commission
(Commission) violated Jack Phillips' right to freely exer­
cise his religion. As JUSTICE GORSUCH explains, the
Commission treated Phillips' case differently from a simi­
lar case involving three other bakers, for reasons that can
only be explained by hostility toward Phillips' religion.
See ante, at 2 -- 7 (concurring opinion). The Court agrees
that the Commission treated Phillips differently, and it
points out that some of the Commissioners made com­
ments disparaging Phillips' religion. See ante, at 12 -- 16.
Although the Commissioners' comments are certainly
disturbing, the discriminatory application of Colorado's
public-accommodations law is enough on its own to violate
Phillips' rights. To the extent the Court agrees, I join its
opinion.
While Phillips rightly prevails on his free-exercise claim,
I write separately to address his free-speech claim. The
Court does not address this claim because it has some
uncertainties about the record. See ante, at 2. Specifically,
the parties dispute whether Phillips refused to create a
custom wedding cake for the individual respondents, or
whether he refused to sell them any wedding cake (includ­
ing a premade one). But the Colorado Court of Appeals
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

resolved this factual dispute in Phillips' favor. The court
described his conduct as a refusal to "design and create a
cake to celebrate [a] same-sex wedding." Craig v. Master-
piece Cakeshop, Inc., 370 P. 3d 272, 276 (2015); see also
id., at 286 ("designing and selling a wedding cake"); id., at
283 ("refusing to create a wedding cake"). And it noted
that the Commission's order required Phillips to sell " 'any
product [he] would sell to heterosexual couples,' " including
custom wedding cakes. Id., at 286.
Even after describing his conduct this way, the Court of
Appeals concluded that Phillips' conduct was not expres­
sive and was not protected speech. It reasoned that an
outside observer would think that Phillips was merely
complying with Colorado's public-accommodations law, not
expressing a message, and that Phillips could post a dis­
claimer to that effect. This reasoning flouts bedrock prin­
ciples of our free-speech jurisprudence and would justify
virtually any law that compels individuals to speak. It
should not pass without comment.
I
The First Amendment, applicable to the States through
the Fourteenth Amendment, prohibits state laws that
abridge the "freedom of speech." When interpreting this
command, this Court has distinguished between regula­
tions of speech and regulations of conduct. The latter
generally do not abridge the freedom of speech, even if
they impose "incidental burdens" on expression. Sorrell v.
IMS Health Inc., (2011). As the Court
explains today, public-accommodations laws usually regu­
late conduct. Ante, at 9 -- 10 ). "[A]s a general matter,"
public-accommodations laws do not "target speech" but
instead prohibit "the act of discriminating against individ­
uals in the provision of publicly available goods, privileges,
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

and services." Id., at 572.
Although public-accommodations laws generally regu­
late conduct, particular applications of them can burden
protected speech. When a public-accommodations law
"ha[s] the effect of declaring... speech itself to be the
public accommodation," the First Amendment applies with
full force. Id., at 573; accord, Boy Scouts of America v.
Dale, -- 659 (2000). In Hurley, for exam­
ple, a Massachusetts public-accommodations law prohib-
ited " 'any distinction, discrimination or restriction on ac­
count of... sexual orientation... relative to the admis­
sion of any person to, or treatment in any place of public
accommodation.' " 515 U. S., at 561 ; ellipsis in original). When this law
required the sponsor of a St. Patrick's Day parade to
include a parade unit of gay, lesbian, and bisexual Irish-
Americans, the Court unanimously held that the law
violated the sponsor's right to free speech. Parades are "a
form of expression," this Court explained, and the applica­
tion of the public-accommodations law "alter[ed] the ex­
pressive content" of the parade by forcing the sponsor to
add a new unit. 515 U. S., at 568, 572 -- 573. The addition
of that unit compelled the organizer to "bear witness to the
fact that some Irish are gay, lesbian, or bisexual"; "suggest... that people of their sexual orientation have as much
claim to unqualified social acceptance as heterosexuals";
and imply that their participation "merits celebration."
Id., at 574. While this Court acknowledged that the unit's
exclusion might have been "misguided, or even hurtful,"
ibid., it rejected the notion that governments can mandate
"thoughts and statements acceptable to some groups or,
indeed, all people" as the "antithesis" of free speech, id., at
579; accord, Dale, supra, at 660 -- 661.
The parade in Hurley was an example of what this
Court has termed "expressive conduct." See 515 U. S., at
568 -- 569. This Court has long held that "the Constitution
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

looks beyond written or spoken words as mediums of
expression," id., at 569, and that "[s]ymbolism is a primi­
tive but effective way of communicating ideas," West Vir-
ginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943).
Thus, a person's "conduct may be 'sufficiently imbued with
elements of communication to fall within the scope of the
First and Fourteenth Amendments.' " Texas v. Johnson,
(1989). Applying this principle, the
Court has recognized a wide array of conduct that can
qualify as expressive, including nude dancing, burning the
American flag, flying an upside-down American flag with
a taped-on peace sign, wearing a military uniform, wear­
ing a black armband, conducting a silent sit-in, refusing to
salute the American flag, and flying a plain red flag.1
Of course, conduct does not qualify as protected speech
simply because "the person engaging in [it] intends thereby
to express an idea." United States v. O'Brien, (1968). To determine whether conduct is suffi­
ciently expressive, the Court asks whether it was "intended
to be communicative" and, "in context, would reasona-
bly be understood by the viewer to be communicative."
Clark v. Community for Creative Non-Violence, (1984). But a " 'particularized message' " is not
required, or else the freedom of speech "would never reach
the unquestionably shielded painting of Jackson Pollock,
music of Arnold Schöenberg, or Jabberwocky verse of
Lewis Carroll." Hurley, 515 U. S., at 569.
Once a court concludes that conduct is expressive, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Barnes
v. Glen Theatre, Inc., -- 566 (1991); Texas v.
Johnson, -- 406 (1989); Spence v. Washington, 409 -- 411 (1974) (per curiam); Schacht v. United States,
-- 63 (1970); Tinker v. Des Moines Independent Commu-
nity School Dist., -- 506 (1969); Brown v. Louisiana,
-- 142 (1966) (opinion of Fortas, J.); West Virginia Bd.
of Ed. v. Barnette, -- 634 (1943); Stromberg v. Califor-
nia, 369 (1931).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Constitution limits the government's authority to restrict
or compel it. "[O]ne important manifestation of the prin­
ciple of free speech is that one who chooses to speak may
also decide 'what not to say' " and "tailor" the content of his
message as he sees fit. Id., at 573 (plurality opinion)). This rule "applies not only to
expressions of value, opinion, or endorsement, but equally
to statements of fact the speaker would rather avoid."
Hurley, supra, at 573. And it "makes no difference"
whether the government is regulating the "creati[on],
distributi[on], or consum[ption]" of the speech. Brown v.
Entertainment Merchants Assn., (2011).
II

A

The conduct that the Colorado Court of Appeals ascribed
to Phillips -- creating and designing custom wedding
cakes -- is expressive. Phillips considers himself an artist.
The logo for Masterpiece Cakeshop is an artist's paint
palette with a paintbrush and baker's whisk. Behind the
counter Phillips has a picture that depicts him as an artist
painting on a canvas. Phillips takes exceptional care with
each cake that he creates -- sketching the design out on
paper, choosing the color scheme, creating the frosting and
decorations, baking and sculpting the cake, decorating it,
and delivering it to the wedding. Examples of his crea­
tions can be seen on Masterpiece's website. See
http://masterpiececakes.com/wedding-cakes (as last visited
June 1, 2018).
Phillips is an active participant in the wedding celebra­
tion. He sits down with each couple for a consultation
before he creates their custom wedding cake. He discusses
their preferences, their personalities, and the details of
their wedding to ensure that each cake reflects the couple
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

who ordered it. In addition to creating and delivering the
cake -- a focal point of the wedding celebration -- Phillips
sometimes stays and interacts with the guests at the
wedding. And the guests often recognize his creations and
seek his bakery out afterward. Phillips also sees the
inherent symbolism in wedding cakes. To him, a wedding
cake inherently communicates that "a wedding has oc­
curred, a marriage has begun, and the couple should be
celebrated." App. 162.
Wedding cakes do, in fact, communicate this message.
A tradition from Victorian England that made its way to
America after the Civil War, "[w]edding cakes are so
packed with symbolism that it is hard to know where to
begin." M. Krondl, Sweet Invention: A History of Dessert
321 (2011) (Krondl); see also ibid. (explaining the symbol­
ism behind the color, texture, flavor, and cutting of the
cake). If an average person walked into a room and saw a
white, multi-tiered cake, he would immediately know that
he had stumbled upon a wedding. The cake is "so stand­
ardised and inevitable a part of getting married that few
ever think to question it." Charsley, Interpretation and
Custom: The Case of the Wedding Cake, 22 Man 93, 95
(1987). Almost no wedding, no matter how spartan, is
missing the cake. See id., at 98. "A whole series of events
expected in the context of a wedding would be impossible
without it: an essential photograph, the cutting, the toast,
and the distribution of both cake and favours at the wed­
ding and afterwards." Ibid. Although the cake is eventu­
ally eaten, that is not its primary purpose. See id., at 95
("It is not unusual to hear people declaring that they do
not like wedding cake, meaning that they do not like to eat
it. This includes people who are, without question, having
such cakes for their weddings"); id., at 97 ("Nothing is
made of the eating itself "); Krondl 320 -- 321 (explaining
that wedding cakes have long been described as "inedi­
ble"). The cake's purpose is to mark the beginning of a
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

new marriage and to celebrate the couple.2
Accordingly, Phillips' creation of custom wedding cakes
is expressive. The use of his artistic talents to create a
well-recognized symbol that celebrates the beginning of a
marriage clearly communicates a message -- certainly
more so than nude dancing, Barnes v. Glen Theatre, Inc.,
-- 566 (1991), or flying a plain red flag,
Stromberg v. California, (1931).3 By
forcing Phillips to create custom wedding cakes for same­
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The Colorado Court of Appeals acknowledged that "a wedding cake,
in some circumstances, may convey a particularized message celebrat­
ing same-sex marriage," depending on its "design" and whether it has
"written inscriptions." Craig v. Masterpiece Cakeshop, Inc., 370 P. 3d
272, 288 (2015). But a wedding cake needs no particular design or
written words to communicate the basic message that a wedding is
occurring, a marriage has begun, and the couple should be celebrated.
Wedding cakes have long varied in color, decorations, and style, but
those differences do not prevent people from recognizing wedding cakes
as wedding cakes. See Charsley, Interpretation and Custom: The Case
of the Wedding Cake, 22 Man 93, 96 (1987). And regardless, the
Commission's order does not distinguish between plain wedding cakes
and wedding cakes with particular designs or inscriptions; it requires
Phillips to make any wedding cake for a same-sex wedding that he
would make for an opposite-sex wedding.
3 The dissent faults Phillips for not "submitting... evidence" that

wedding cakes communicate a message. Post, at 2, (opinion of
GINSBURG, J.). But this requirement finds no support in our prece­
dents. This Court did not insist that the parties submit evidence
detailing the expressive nature of parades, flags, or nude dancing. See
Hurley v. Irish-American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston,
Inc., -- 570 (1995); Spence, 418 U. S., at 410 -- 411;
Barnes, 501 U. S., at 565 -- 566. And we do not need extensive evidence
here to conclude that Phillips' artistry is expressive, see Hurley, 515
U. S., at 569, or that wedding cakes at least communicate the basic fact
that "this is a wedding," see id., at 573 -- 575. Nor does it matter that
the couple also communicates a message through the cake. More than
one person can be engaged in protected speech at the same time. See
id., at 569 -- 570. And by forcing him to provide the cake, Colorado is
requiring Phillips to be "intimately connected" with the couple's speech,
which is enough to implicate his First Amendment rights. See id., at
576.
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

sex weddings, Colorado's public-accommodations law
"alter[s] the expressive content" of his message. Hurley,
515 U. S., at 572. The meaning of expressive conduct, this
Court has explained, depends on "the context in which it
occur[s]." Johnson, 491 U. S., at 405. Forcing Phillips to
make custom wedding cakes for same-sex marriages re­
quires him to, at the very least, acknowledge that same-
sex weddings are "weddings" and suggest that they should
be celebrated -- the precise message he believes his faith
forbids. The First Amendment prohibits Colorado from
requiring Phillips to "bear witness to [these] fact[s],"
Hurley, 515 U. S., at 574, or to "affir[m]... a belief with
which [he] disagrees," id., at 573.
B
The Colorado Court of Appeals nevertheless concluded
that Phillips' conduct was "not sufficiently expressive" to
be protected from state compulsion. 370 P. 3d, at 283. It
noted that a reasonable observer would not view Phillips'
conduct as "an endorsement of same-sex marriage," but
rather as mere "compliance" with Colorado's public-
accommodations law. Id., at 286 -- 287 (FAIR); Rosenberger v. Rector and
Visitors of Univ. of Va., -- 842 (1995);
PruneYard Shopping Center v. Robins, -- 78
(1980)). It also emphasized that Masterpiece could "disas­
sociat[e]" itself from same-sex marriage by posting a "dis­
claimer" stating that Colorado law "requires it not to
discriminate" or that "the provision of its services does not
constitute an endorsement." 370 P. 3d, at 288. This rea­
soning is badly misguided.
1
The Colorado Court of Appeals was wrong to conclude
that Phillips' conduct was not expressive because a rea­
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

sonable observer would think he is merely complying with
Colorado's public-accommodations law. This argument
would justify any law that compelled protected speech.
And, this Court has never accepted it. From the begin­
ning, this Court's compelled-speech precedents have re­
jected arguments that "would resolve every issue of power
in favor of those in authority." Barnette, 319 U. S., at 636.
Hurley, for example, held that the application of Massa­
chusetts' public-accommodations law "requir[ed] [the
organizers] to alter the expressive content of their pa­
rade." 515 U. S., at 572 -- 573. It did not hold that reason­
able observers would view the organizers as merely com­
plying with Massachusetts' public-accommodations law.
The decisions that the Colorado Court of Appeals cited
for this proposition are far afield. It cited three decisions
where groups objected to being forced to provide a forum
for a third party's speech. See FAIR, supra, at 51 (law
school refused to allow military recruiters on campus);
Rosenberger, supra, at 822 -- 823 (public university refused
to provide funds to a religious student paper); PruneYard,
supra, at 77 (shopping center refused to allow individuals
to collect signatures on its property). In those decisions,
this Court rejected the argument that requiring the
groups to provide a forum for third-party speech also
required them to endorse that speech. See FAIR, supra, at
63 -- 65; Rosenberger, supra, at 841 -- 842; PruneYard, supra,
at 85 -- 88. But these decisions do not suggest that the
government can force speakers to alter their own message.
See Pacific Gas & Elec., 475 U. S., at 12 ("Notably absent
from PruneYard was any concern that access... might
affect the shopping center owner's exercise of his own
right to speak"); Hurley, supra, at 580 (similar).
The Colorado Court of Appeals also noted that Master­
piece is a "for-profit bakery" that "charges its customers."
370 P. 3d, at 287. But this Court has repeatedly rejected
the notion that a speaker's profit motive gives the gov­
10 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

ernment a freer hand in compelling speech. See Pacific
Gas & Elec., supra, at 8, 16 (collecting cases); Virginia Bd.
of Pharmacy v. Virginia Citizens Consumer Council, Inc.,
(1976) (deeming it "beyond serious
dispute" that "[s]peech... is protected even though it is
carried in a form that is 'sold' for profit"). Further, even
assuming that most for-profit companies prioritize maxim­
izing profits over communicating a message, that is not
true for Masterpiece Cakeshop. Phillips routinely sacri­
fices profits to ensure that Masterpiece operates in a way
that represents his Christian faith. He is not open on
Sundays, he pays his employees a higher-than-average
wage, and he loans them money in times of need. Phillips
also refuses to bake cakes containing alcohol, cakes with
racist or homophobic messages, cakes criticizing God, and
cakes celebrating Halloween -- even though Halloween is
one of the most lucrative seasons for bakeries. These
efforts to exercise control over the messages that Master­
piece sends are still more evidence that Phillips' conduct is
expressive. See Miami Herald Publishing Co. v. Tornillo,
-- 258 (1974); Walker v. Texas Div., Sons
of Confederate Veterans, Inc., 576 U. S. ___, ___ (2015).
2
The Colorado Court of Appeals also erred by suggesting
that Phillips could simply post a disclaimer, disassociating
Masterpiece from any support for same-sex marriage.
Again, this argument would justify any law compelling
speech. And again, this Court has rejected it. We have
described similar arguments as "beg[ging] the core ques­
tion." Tornillo, supra, at 256. Because the government
cannot compel speech, it also cannot "require speakers to
affirm in one breath that which they deny in the next."
Pacific Gas & Elec., 475 U. S., at 16; see also id., at 15,
11

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

curring in part and concurring in judgment)). States
cannot put individuals to the choice of "be[ing] compelled
to affirm someone else's belief " or "be[ing] forced to speak
when [they] would prefer to remain silent." Id., at 99.
III
Because Phillips' conduct (as described by the Colorado
Court of Appeals) was expressive, Colorado's public-
accommodations law cannot penalize it unless the law
withstands strict scrutiny. Although this Court some­
times reviews regulations of expressive conduct under the
more lenient test articulated in O'Brien,4 that test does not
apply unless the government would have punished the
conduct regardless of its expressive component. See, e.g.,
Barnes, 501 U. S., at 566 -- 572 (applying O'Brien to evalu­
ate the application of a general nudity ban to nude danc­
ing); Clark, 468 U. S., at 293 (applying O'Brien to evaluate
the application of a general camping ban to a demonstra­
tion in the park). Here, however, Colorado would not be
punishing Phillips if he refused to create any custom
wedding cakes; it is punishing him because he refuses to
create custom wedding cakes that express approval of
same-sex marriage. In cases like this one, our precedents
demand " 'the most exacting scrutiny.' " Johnson, 491
U. S., at 412; accord, Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project,
(2010).
The Court of Appeals did not address whether Colo­
rado's law survives strict scrutiny, and I will not do so in
the first instance. There is an obvious flaw, however, with
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 "[A] government regulation [of expressive conduct] is sufficiently

justified if it is within the constitutional power of the Government; if it
furthers an important or substantial governmental interest; if the
governmental interest is unrelated to the suppression of free expres­
sion; and if the incidental restriction on alleged First Amendment
freedoms is no greater than is essential to the furtherance of that
interest." United States v. O'Brien, (1968).
12 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

one of the asserted justifications for Colorado's law. Ac­
cording to the individual respondents, Colorado can com­
pel Phillips' speech to prevent him from " 'denigrat[ing] the
dignity' " of same-sex couples, " 'assert[ing] [their] inferior-
ity,' " and subjecting them to " 'humiliation, frustration, and
embarrassment.' " Brief for Respondents Craig et al. 39
; Heart of Atlanta Motel, Inc. v. United States,
(1964) (Goldberg, J., concurring)).
These justifications are completely foreign to our free-
speech jurisprudence.
States cannot punish protected speech because some
group finds it offensive, hurtful, stigmatic, unreasonable,
or undignified. "If there is a bedrock principle underlying
the First Amendment, it is that the government may not
prohibit the expression of an idea simply because society
finds the idea itself offensive or disagreeable." Johnson,
supra, at 414. A contrary rule would allow the govern­
ment to stamp out virtually any speech at will. See Morse
v. Frederick, (2007) ("After all, much
political and religious speech might be perceived as offen­
sive to some"). As the Court reiterates today, "it is not...
the role of the State or its officials to prescribe what shall
be offensive." Ante, at 16. " 'Indeed, if it is the speaker's
opinion that gives offense, that consequence is a reason for
according it constitutional protection.' " Hustler Magazine,
Inc. v. Falwell, (1988); accord, Johnson,
supra, at 408 -- 409. If the only reason a public-
accommodations law regulates speech is "to produce a
society free of... biases" against the protected groups,
that purpose is "decidedly fatal" to the law's constitution­
ality, "for it amounts to nothing less than a proposal to
limit speech in the service of orthodox expression." Hur-
ley, 515 U. S., at 578 -- 579; see also United States v. Play-
boy Entertainment Group, Inc., (2000)
("Where the designed benefit of a content-based speech
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

restriction is to shield the sensibilities of listeners, the
general rule is that the right of expression prevails"). "[A]
speech burden based on audience reactions is simply
government hostility... in a different guise." Matal v.
Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) (KENNEDY, J., concurring in
part and concurring in judgment).
Consider what Phillips actually said to the individual
respondents in this case. After sitting down with them for
a consultation, Phillips told the couple, " 'I'll make your
birthday cakes, shower cakes, sell you cookies and brown­
ies, I just don't make cakes for same sex weddings.' " App.
168. It is hard to see how this statement stigmatizes gays
and lesbians more than blocking them from marching in a
city parade, dismissing them from the Boy Scouts, or
subjecting them to signs that say "God Hates Fags" -- all of
which this Court has deemed protected by the First
Amendment. See Hurley, supra, at 574 -- 575; Dale, 530
U. S., at 644; Snyder v. Phelps, (2011).
Moreover, it is also hard to see how Phillips' statement is
worse than the racist, demeaning, and even threatening
speech toward blacks that this Court has tolerated in
previous decisions. Concerns about "dignity" and "stigma"
did not carry the day when this Court affirmed the right of
white supremacists to burn a 25-foot cross, Virginia v.
Black, (2003); conduct a rally on Martin
Luther King Jr.'s birthday, Forsyth County v. Nationalist
Movement, (1992); or circulate a film featur­
ing hooded Klan members who were brandishing weapons
and threatening to " 'Bury the niggers,' " Brandenburg v.
Ohio, (1969) (per curiam).
Nor does the fact that this Court has now decided Ober-
gefell v. Hodges, 576 U. S. ___ (2015), somehow diminish
Phillips' right to free speech. "It is one thing... to con­
clude that the Constitution protects a right to same-sex
marriage; it is something else to portray everyone who
does not share [that view] as bigoted" and unentitled to
14 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

express a different view. Id., at ___ (ROBERTS, C. J., dis­
senting). This Court is not an authority on
matters of conscience, and its decisions can (and often
should) be criticized. The First Amendment gives individ­
uals the right to disagree about the correctness of Oberge-
fell and the morality of same-sex marriage. Obergefell
itself emphasized that the traditional understanding of
marriage "long has been held -- and continues to be held -- 
in good faith by reasonable and sincere people here and
throughout the world." Id., at ___ (majority opinion). If Phillips' continued adherence to that under­
standing makes him a minority after Obergefell, that is all
the more reason to insist that his speech be protected. See
Dale, supra, at 660 ("[T]he fact that [the social acceptance
of homosexuality] may be embraced and advocated by
increasing numbers of people is all the more reason to
protect the First Amendment rights of those who wish to
voice a different view").
* * *
In Obergefell, I warned that the Court's decision would
"inevitabl[y]... come into conflict" with religious liberty,
"as individuals... are confronted with demands to partic­
ipate in and endorse civil marriages between same-sex
couples." 576 U. S., at ___ (dissenting opinion). This case proves that the conflict has already
emerged. Because the Court's decision vindicates Phillips'
right to free exercise, it seems that religious liberty has
lived to fight another day. But, in future cases, the free­
dom of speech could be essential to preventing Obergefell
from being used to "stamp out every vestige of dissent"
and "vilify Americans who are unwilling to assent to the
new orthodoxy." Id., at ___ (ALITO, J., dissenting). If that freedom is to maintain its vitality, reasoning
like the Colorado Court of Appeals' must be rejected.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE GINSBURG, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR
joins, dissenting.
There is much in the Court's opinion with which I agree.
"[I]t is a general rule that [religious and philosophical]
objections do not allow business owners and other actors
in the economy and in society to deny protected persons
equal access to goods and services under a neutral and
generally applicable public accommodations law." Ante, at
9. "Colorado law can protect gay persons, just as it can
protect other classes of individuals, in acquiring whatever
products and services they choose on the same terms and
conditions as are offered to other members of the public."
Ante, at 10. "[P]urveyors of goods and services who object
to gay marriages for moral and religious reasons [may not]
put up signs saying 'no goods or services will be sold if
they will be used for gay marriages.' " Ante, at 12. Gay
persons may be spared from "indignities when they seek
goods and services in an open market." Ante, at 18.1 I
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 As JUSTICE THOMAS observes, the Court does not hold that wedding

cakes are speech or expression entitled to First Amendment protection.
See ante, at 1 (opinion concurring in part and concurring in judgment).
Nor could it, consistent with our First Amendment precedents. JUSTICE
THOMAS acknowledges that for conduct to constitute protected expres-
sion, the conduct must be reasonably understood by an observer to be
communicative. Ante, at 4 hostility to religion. Hostility
is discernible, the Court maintains, from the asserted
"disparate consideration of Phillips' case compared to the
cases of " three other bakers who refused to make cakes
requested by William Jack, an amicus here. Ante, at 18.
The Court also finds hostility in statements made at two
public hearings on Phillips' appeal to the Commission.
Ante, at 12 -- 14. The different outcomes the Court features
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Non-Violence, (1984)). The record in this case is
replete with Jack Phillips' own views on the messages he believes his
cakes convey. See ante, at 5 -- 6 (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and
concurring in judgment) (describing how Phillips "considers" and "sees"
his work). But Phillips submitted no evidence showing that an objec-
tive observer understands a wedding cake to convey a message, much
less that the observer understands the message to be the baker's,
rather than the marrying couple's. Indeed, some in the wedding
industry could not explain what message, or whose, a wedding cake
conveys. See Charsley, Interpretation and Custom: The Case of the
Wedding Cake, 22 Man 93, 100 -- 101 (1987) (no explanation of wedding
cakes' symbolism was forthcoming "even amongst those who might be
expected to be the experts"); id., at 104 -- 105 (the cake cutting tradition
might signify "the bride and groom... as appropriating the cake" from
the bride's parents). And Phillips points to no case in which this Court
has suggested the provision of a baked good might be expressive con-
duct. Cf. ante, at 7, (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and concurring
in judgment); Hurley v. Irish-American Gay, Lesbian, and Bisexual
Group of Boston, Inc., -- 579 (1995) ; Barnes v. Glen Theatre,
Inc., (1991) (noting precedents suggesting nude
dancing is expressive conduct); Spence v. Washington, (1974) (observing the Court's decades-long recognition of the
symbolism of flags).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

do not evidence hostility to religion of the kind we have
previously held to signal a free-exercise violation, nor do
the comments by one or two members of one of the four
decisionmaking entities considering this case justify re-
versing the judgment below.
I
On March 13, 2014 -- approximately three months after
the ALJ ruled in favor of the same-sex couple, Craig and
Mullins, and two months before the Commission heard
Phillips' appeal from that decision -- William Jack visited
three Colorado bakeries. His visits followed a similar
pattern. He requested two cakes
"made to resemble an open Bible. He also requested
that each cake be decorated with Biblical verses. [He]
requested that one of the cakes include an image of
two groomsmen, holding hands, with a red 'X' over the
image. On one cake, he requested [on] one side[,]... 'God hates sin. Psalm 45:7' and on the opposite
side of the cake 'Homosexuality is a detestable sin.
Leviticus 18:2.' On the second cake, [the one] with the
image of the two groomsmen covered by a red 'X'
[Jack] requested [these words]: 'God loves sinners' and
on the other side 'While we were yet sinners Christ
died for us. Romans 5:8.' " App. to Pet. for Cert. 319a;
see id., at 300a, 310a.
In contrast to Jack, Craig and Mullins simply requested a
wedding cake: They mentioned no message or anything
else distinguishing the cake they wanted to buy from any
other wedding cake Phillips would have sold.
One bakery told Jack it would make cakes in the shape
of Bibles, but would not decorate them with the requested
messages; the owner told Jack her bakery "does not dis-
criminate" and "accept[s] all humans." Id., at 301a (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). The second bakery owner
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

told Jack he "had done open Bibles and books many times
and that they look amazing," but declined to make the
specific cakes Jack described because the baker regarded
the messages as "hateful." Id., at 310a. The third bakery, according to Jack, said
it would bake the cakes, but would not include the re-
quested message. Id., at 319a.2
Jack filed charges against each bakery with the Colo-
rado Civil Rights Division (Division). The Division found no
probable cause to support Jack's claims of unequal treat-
ment and denial of goods or services based on his Chris-
tian religious beliefs. Id., at 297a, 307a, 316a. In this
regard, the Division observed that the bakeries regularly
produced cakes and other baked goods with Christian
symbols and had denied other customer requests for de-
signs demeaning people whose dignity the Colorado Anti-
discrimination Act (CADA) protects. See id., at 305a,
314a, 324a. The Commission summarily affirmed the
Division's no-probable-cause finding. See id., at 326a -- 
331a.
The Court concludes that "the Commission's considera-
tion of Phillips' religious objection did not accord with its
treatment of [the other bakers'] objections." Ante, at 15.
See also ante, at 5 -- 7 (GORSUCH, J., concurring). But the
cases the Court aligns are hardly comparable. The bakers
would have refused to make a cake with Jack's requested
message for any customer, regardless of his or her reli-
gion. And the bakers visited by Jack would have sold him
any baked goods they would have sold anyone else. The
bakeries' refusal to make Jack cakes of a kind they would
not make for any customer scarcely resembles Phillips'
refusal to serve Craig and Mullins: Phillips would not sell
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The record provides no ideological explanation for the bakeries' re-

fusals. Cf. ante, at 1 -- 2, 9, 11 (GORSUCH, J., concurring) (describing
Jack's requests as offensive to the bakers' "secular" convictions).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

to Craig and Mullins, for no reason other than their sexual
orientation, a cake of the kind he regularly sold to others.
When a couple contacts a bakery for a wedding cake, the
product they are seeking is a cake celebrating their wed-
ding -- not a cake celebrating heterosexual weddings or
same-sex weddings -- and that is the service Craig and
Mullins were denied. Cf. ante, at 3 -- 4, 9 -- 10 (GORSUCH, J.,
concurring). Colorado, the Court does not gainsay, prohib-
its precisely the discrimination Craig and Mullins encoun-
tered. See supra, at 1. Jack, on the other hand, suffered
no service refusal on the basis of his religion or any other
protected characteristic. He was treated as any other
customer would have been treated -- no better, no worse.3
The fact that Phillips might sell other cakes and cookies
to gay and lesbian customers4 was irrelevant to the issue
Craig and Mullins' case presented. What matters is that
Phillips would not provide a good or service to a same-sex
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 JUSTICE GORSUCH argues that the situations "share all legally sa-

lient features." Ante, at 4 (concurring opinion). But what critically
differentiates them is the role the customer's "statutorily protected
trait," ibid., played in the denial of service. Change Craig and Mullins'
sexual orientation (or sex), and Phillips would have provided the cake.
Change Jack's religion, and the bakers would have been no more
willing to comply with his request. The bakers' objections to Jack's
cakes had nothing to do with "religious opposition to same-sex wed-
dings." Ante, at 6 (GORSUCH, J., concurring). Instead, the bakers
simply refused to make cakes bearing statements demeaning to people
protected by CADA. With respect to Jack's second cake, in particular,
where he requested an image of two groomsmen covered by a red "X"
and the lines "God loves sinners" and "While we were yet sinners Christ
died for us," the bakers gave not the slightest indication that religious
words, rather than the demeaning image, prompted the objection. See
supra, at 3. Phillips did, therefore, discriminate because of sexual
orientation; the other bakers did not discriminate because of religious
belief; and the Commission properly found discrimination in one case
but not the other. Cf. ante, at 4 -- 6 (GORSUCH, J., concurring).
4 But see ante, at 7 (majority opinion) (acknowledging that Phillips

refused to sell to a lesbian couple cupcakes for a celebration of their
union).
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

couple that he would provide to a heterosexual couple. In
contrast, the other bakeries' sale of other goods to Chris-
tian customers was relevant: It shows that there were no
goods the bakeries would sell to a non-Christian customer
that they would refuse to sell to a Christian customer. Cf.
ante, at 15.
Nor was the Colorado Court of Appeals' "difference in
treatment of these two instances... based on the govern-
ment's own assessment of offensiveness." Ante, at 16.
Phillips declined to make a cake he found offensive where
the offensiveness of the product was determined solely by
the identity of the customer requesting it. The three other
bakeries declined to make cakes where their objection to
the product was due to the demeaning message the re-
quested product would literally display. As the Court
recognizes, a refusal "to design a special cake with words
or images... might be different from a refusal to sell any
cake at all." Ante, at 2.5 The Colorado Court of Appeals
did not distinguish Phillips and the other three bakeries
based simply on its or the Division's finding that messages
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The Court undermines this observation when later asserting that
the treatment of Phillips, as compared with the treatment of the other
three bakeries, "could reasonably be interpreted as being inconsistent
as to the question of whether speech is involved." Ante, at 15. But
recall that, while Jack requested cakes with particular text inscribed,
Craig and Mullins were refused the sale of any wedding cake at all.
They were turned away before any specific cake design could be dis-
cussed. (It appears that Phillips rarely, if ever, produces wedding cakes
with words on them -- or at least does not advertise such cakes. See
Masterpiece Cakeshop, Wedding, http://www.masterpiececakes.com/
wedding-cakes (as last visited June 1, 2018) (gallery with 31 wedding
cake images, none of which exhibits words).) The Division and the
Court of Appeals could rationally and lawfully distinguish between a
case involving disparaging text and images and a case involving a
wedding cake of unspecified design. The distinction is not between a
cake with text and one without, see ante, at 8 -- 9 (GORSUCH, J., concur-
ring); it is between a cake with a particular design and one whose form
was never even discussed.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

in the cakes Jack requested were offensive while any
message in a cake for Craig and Mullins was not. The
Colorado court distinguished the cases on the ground that
Craig and Mullins were denied service based on an aspect
of their identity that the State chose to grant vigorous
protection from discrimination. See App. to Pet. for Cert.
20a, ("The Division found that the bakeries did not
refuse [Jack's] request because of his creed, but rather
because of the offensive nature of the requested mes-
sage.... [T]here was no evidence that the bakeries based
their decisions on [Jack's] religion... [whereas Phillips]
discriminat[ed] on the basis of sexual orientation."). I do
not read the Court to suggest that the Colorado Legisla-
ture's decision to include certain protected characteristics
in CADA is an impermissible government prescription of
what is and is not offensive. Cf. ante, at 9 -- 10. To repeat,
the Court affirms that "Colorado law can protect gay
persons, just as it can protect other classes of individuals,
in acquiring whatever products and services they choose
on the same terms and conditions as are offered to other
members of the public." Ante, at 10.
II
Statements made at the Commission's public hearings
on Phillips' case provide no firmer support for the Court's
holding today. Whatever one may think of the statements
in historical context, I see no reason why the comments of
one or two Commissioners should be taken to overcome
Phillips' refusal to sell a wedding cake to Craig and Mul-
lins. The proceedings involved several layers of independ-
ent decisionmaking, of which the Commission was but one.
See App. to Pet. for Cert. 5a -- 6a. First, the Division had to
find probable cause that Phillips violated CADA. Second,
the ALJ entertained the parties' cross-motions for sum-
mary judgment. Third, the Commission heard Phillips'
appeal. Fourth, after the Commission's ruling, the Colo-
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

rado Court of Appeals considered the case de novo. What
prejudice infected the determinations of the adjudicators
in the case before and after the Commission? The Court
does not say. Phillips' case is thus far removed from the
only precedent upon which the Court relies, Church of
Lukumi Babalu Aye, Inc. v. Hialeah, (1993),
where the government action that violated a principle of
religious neutrality implicated a sole decisionmaking body,
the city council, see id., at 526 -- 528.
* * *
For the reasons stated, sensible application of CADA to
a refusal to sell any wedding cake to a gay couple should
occasion affirmance of the Colorado Court of Appeals'
judgment. I would so rule.

============================================================

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's opinion
concurring in the judgment. Others interpreted Marks differently
and adopted the plurality's reasoning. Because this Court can now
resolve the substantive, sentencing issue discussed in Freeman, it is
unnecessary to reach questions regarding the proper application of
Marks.
The Sentencing Reform Act of 1984 authorizes the United States
Sentencing Commission to establish, and retroactively amend, Sen-
tencing Guidelines. Though the Guidelines are only advisory, see
United States v. Booker, a district court must consult
them during sentencing, id., at 264, along with other factors specified
in 18 U. S. C., including "the need to avoid unwarranted
sentence disparities," (6). When an amendment applies ret-
roactively, district courts may reduce the sentences of prisoners
whose sentences were "based on a sentencing range that has subse-
quently been lowered by the Sentencing Commission." (2).
This case concerns the issue whether a defendant may seek relief
under (2) if he entered a plea agreement under Federal Rule
of Criminal Procedure 11(c)(1)(C) (Type-C agreement), which permits
the defendant and the Government to "agree that a specific sentence
or sentencing range is the appropriate disposition of the case," and
2 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Syllabus

"binds the court [to the agreed-upon sentence] once [it] accepts the
plea agreement." In making its decision, the district court must con-
sider the Sentencing Guidelines. And it may not accept the agree-
ment unless the sentence is within the applicable Guidelines range,
or it is outside that range for justifiable reasons specifically set out.
After petitioner Erik Hughes was indicted on drug and gun charg-
es, he and the Government negotiated a Type-C plea agreement,
which stipulated that Hughes would receive a sentence of 180
months but did not refer to a particular Guidelines range. Hughes
pleaded guilty. At his sentencing hearing, the District Court accept-
ed the agreement and sentenced him to 180 months. In so doing, it
calculated Hughes' Guidelines range as 188 to 235 months and de-
termined that the sentence was in accordance with the Guidelines
and other factors the court was required to consider. Less than two
months later, the Sentencing Commission adopted, and made retro-
active, an amendment that had the effect of reducing Hughes' sen-
tencing range to 151 to 188 months. The District Court denied
Hughes' motion for a reduced sentence under (2), and the
Eleventh Circuit affirmed. Both courts concluded that, under the
Freeman concurrence, Hughes was ineligible for a reduced sentence
because his plea agreement did not expressly rely on a Guidelines
range.
Held:
1. A sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agreement is "based
on" the defendant's Guidelines range so long as that range was part
of the framework the district court relied on in imposing the sentence
or accepting the agreement. Pp. 7 -- 14.
(a) A principal purpose of the Sentencing Guidelines is to pro-
mote sentencing uniformity. But in the aftermath of Freeman, a de-
fendant's eligibility for a reduced sentence under (2) turns on
the Circuit in which the case arises. Even within Circuits that follow
the Freeman concurrence, unwarranted disparities have resulted de-
pending on whether a defendant's Type-C agreement has a specific-
enough reference to a Guidelines range. This Court's precedents
since Freeman have confirmed that the Guidelines remain the foun-
dation of federal sentencing decisions. See, e.g., Peugh v. United
States, ; Molina-Martinez v. United States, 578 U. S.
___. Pp. 7 -- 9.
(b) A district court imposes a sentence that is "based on" a Guide-
lines range for purposes of (2) if the range was a basis for the
court's exercise of discretion in imposing a sentence. Given the
standard legal definition of "base," there will be no question in the
typical case that the defendant's Guidelines range was a basis for his
sentence. A district court is required to calculate and consider a de-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Syllabus

fendant's Guidelines range in every case.. Indeed, the
Guidelines are "the starting point for every sentencing calculation in
the federal system." Peugh, supra, at 542. Thus, in general,
(2) allows district courts to reconsider a prisoner's sentence
based on a new starting point -- that is, a lower Guidelines range -- 
and determine whether a reduction is appropriate.
A sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agreement is no excep-
tion to the general rule that a defendant's Guidelines range is the
starting point and a basis for his ultimate sentence. The Government
and the defendant may agree to a specific sentence, but the Sentenc-
ing Guidelines prohibit district courts from accepting Type-C agree-
ments without first evaluating the recommended sentence in light of
the defendant's Guidelines range. So in the usual case the court's ac-
ceptance of a Type-C agreement and the sentence to be imposed pur-
suant to that agreement are "based on" the defendant's Guidelines
range. Since the Guidelines are a district court's starting point, when
the Commission lowers the range, the defendant will be eligible for
relief under (2) absent clear demonstration, based on the rec-
ord as a whole, that the court would have imposed the same sentence
regardless of the Guidelines.
This interpretation furthers (2)'s purpose, as well as the
broader purposes of the Sentencing Reform Act. It is also reinforced
by Molina-Martinez and Peugh, which both confirm that the Guide-
lines remain a basis for almost all federal sentences. Experience has
shown that, although the interpretation proffered by JUSTICE SO-
TOMAYOR's concurring opinion in Freeman could be one permissible
reading of (2), as a systemic, structural matter the system
Congress put in place is best implemented by the interpretation con-
firmed in this case. Pp. 9 -- 12.
(c) The Government's counterarguments -- that allowing defend-
ants with Type-C agreements to seek reduced sentences under
(2) would deprive the Government of a benefit of its bargain,
namely, the defendant's agreement to a particular sentence; and that
allowing courts to reduce the sentences of defendants like Hughes
would be inconsistent with one of the Commission's policy state-
ments -- are unpersuasive. Pp. 12 -- 14.
2. Hughes is eligible for relief under (2). The District
Court accepted his Type-C agreement after concluding that a 180-
month sentence was consistent with the Guidelines, and then calcu-
lated Hughes' sentencing range and imposed a sentence it deemed
"compatible" with the Guidelines. The sentencing range was thus a
basis for the sentence imposed. And that range has since been low-
ered by the Commission. The District Court has discretion to decide
whether to reduce Hughes' sentence after considering the 
4 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Syllabus

factors and the Commission's relevant policy statements. P. 14.
849 F. 3d 1008, reversed and remanded.

KENNEDY, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which GINSBURG,
BREYER, SOTOMAYOR, KAGAN, and GORSUCH, JJ., joined. SOTOMAYOR, J.,
filed a concurring opinion. ROBERTS, C. J., filed a dissenting opinion, in
which THOMAS and ALITO, JJ., joined.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of the Court

NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the
preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to
notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Wash-
ington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other formal errors, in order
that corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 155
_________________

ERIK LINDSEY HUGHES, PETITIONER v.
UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
The proper construction of federal sentencing statutes
and the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure can present
close questions of statutory and textual interpretation
when implementing the Federal Sentencing Guidelines.
Seven Terms ago the Court considered one of these issues
in a case involving a prisoner's motion to reduce his sen-
tence, where the prisoner had been sentenced under a plea
agreement authorized by a specific Rule of criminal proce-
dure. Freeman v. United States, (2011). The
prisoner maintained that his sentence should be reduced
under 18 U. S. C. (2) when his Guidelines sentenc-
ing range was lowered retroactively. 564 U. S., at 527 -- 
528 (plurality opinion).
No single interpretation or rationale in Freeman com-
manded a majority of the Court. The courts of appeals
then confronted the question of what principle or princi-
ples considered in Freeman controlled when an opinion by
four Justices and a concurring opinion by a single Justice
had allowed a majority of this Court to agree on the judg-
ment in Freeman but not on one interpretation or rule
2 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

that courts could follow in later cases when similar ques-
tions arose under the same statute and Rule.
For guidance courts turned to this Court's opinion in
Marks v. United States, (1977). Some courts
interpreted Marks as directing them to follow the "nar-
rowest" opinion in Freeman that was necessary for the
judgment in that case; and, accordingly, they adopted the
reasoning of the opinion concurring in the judgment by
JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR. See United States v. Rivera-
Martinez, 665 F. 3d 344, 348 (CA1 2011); United States v.
Thompson, 682 F. 3d 285, 290 (CA3 2012); United States v.
Brown, 653 F. 3d 337, 340, (CA4 2011); United States
v. Benitez, 822 F. 3d 807, 811 (CA5 2016); United States v.
Smith, 658 F. 3d 608, 611 (CA6 2011); United States v.
Dixon, 687 F. 3d 356, 359 (CA7 2012); United States v.
Browne, 698 F. 3d 1042, 1045 (CA8 2012); United States v.
Graham, 704 F. 3d 1275, 1277 -- 1278 (CA10 2013).
In contrast, the Courts of Appeals for the District of
Columbia and Ninth Circuits held that no opinion in
Freeman provided a controlling rule because the reasoning
in the concurrence was not a "logical subset" of the reason-
ing in the plurality. United States v. Davis, 825 F. 3d
1014, 1021 -- 1022 (CA9 2016) (en banc); United States v.
Epps, 707 F. 3d 337, 350 (CADC 2013). Those courts have
adopted the plurality's opinion as the most persuasive
interpretation of (2). Davis, supra, at 1026; Epps,
supra, at 351.
To resolve these differences over the proper application
of Marks and the proper interpretation of (2), the
Court granted certiorari in the present case. 583 U. S. ___
(2017). The first two questions, relating to Marks, are as
follows: (1) "Whether this Court's decision in Marks means
that the concurring opinion in a 4 -- 1 -- 4 decision represents
the holding of the Court where neither the plurality's
reasoning nor the concurrence's reasoning is a logical
subset of the other"; and (2) "Whether, under Marks, the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

lower courts are bound by the four-Justice plurality opin-
ion in Freeman, or, instead, by JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's
separate concurring opinion with which all eight other
Justices disagreed." Pet. for Cert. i.
The third question is directed to the underlying statu-
tory issue in this case, the substantive, sentencing issue the
Court discussed in the three opinions issued in Freeman.
That question is: "Whether, as the four-Justice plurality in
Freeman concluded, a defendant who enters into a Fed. R.
Crim. P. 11(c)(1)(C) plea agreement is generally eligible
for a sentence reduction if there is a later, retroactive
amendment to the relevant Sentencing Guidelines range."
Pet. for Cert. ii.
Taking instruction from the cases decided in the wake of
Freeman and the systemic concerns that have arisen in
some Circuits, and considering as well the arguments of
the parties as to question three, a majority of the Court in
the instant case now can resolve the sentencing issue on
its merits. So it will be unnecessary to consider questions
one and two despite the extensive briefing and careful
argument the parties presented to the Court concerning
the proper application of Marks. The opinion that follows
resolves the sentencing issue in this case; and, as well, it
should give the necessary guidance to federal district
courts and to the courts of appeals with respect to plea
agreements of the kind presented here and in Freeman.
With that explanation, the Court now turns to the
circumstances of this case and the sentencing issue it
presents.
I

A

Under the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, the United
States Sentencing Commission establishes Sentencing
Guidelines based on the seriousness of a defendant's
offense and his criminal history. Dillon v. United States,
4 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

(2010). In combination, these two
factors yield a range of potential sentences for a district
court to choose from in sentencing a particular defendant.
"The Sentencing Guidelines provide the framework for the
tens of thousands of federal sentencing proceedings that
occur each year." Molina-Martinez v. United States, 578
U. S. ___, ___ (2016).
After this Court's decision in United States v. Booker,
(2005), the Guidelines are advisory only.
But a district court still "must consult those Guidelines
and take them into account when sentencing." Id., at 264;
see also 18 U. S. C. (4). Courts must also consider
various other sentencing factors listed in, includ-
ing "the need to avoid unwarranted sentence disparities
among defendants with similar records who have been
found guilty of similar conduct." (6).
The Act requires the Commission to review and revise
the Guidelines from time to time. 28 U. S. C..
When the Commission amends the Guidelines in a way
that reduces the Guidelines range for "a particular offense
or category of offenses," the Commission must "specify in
what circumstances and by what amount the sentences of
prisoners serving terms of imprisonment for the offense
may be reduced.". In this way the Act requires
the Commission to decide whether amendments to the
Guidelines should have retroactive effect.
If an amendment applies retroactively, the Act author-
izes district courts to reduce the sentences of prisoners
who were sentenced based on a Guidelines range that
would have been lower had the amendment been in place
when they were sentenced. 18 U. S. C. (2). Spe-
cifically, (2) provides:
"[I]n the case of a defendant who has been sentenced
to a term of imprisonment based on a sentencing
range that has subsequently been lowered by the Sen-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

tencing Commission pursuant to 28 U. S. C.,... the court may reduce the term of imprisonment,
after considering the factors set forth in section
3553(a) to the extent that they are applicable, if such
a reduction is consistent with applicable policy state-
ments issued by the Sentencing Commission."
B
The controlling issue here is whether a defendant may
seek relief under (2) if he entered a plea agree-
ment specifying a particular sentence under Federal Rule
of Criminal Procedure 11(c)(1)(C). This kind of plea
agreement is sometimes referred to as a "Type-C
agreement."
In a Type-C agreement the Government and a defend-
ant "agree that a specific sentence or sentencing range is
the appropriate disposition of the case, or that a particular
provision of the Sentencing Guidelines, or policy state-
ment, or sentencing factor does or does not apply," and
"such a recommendation or request binds the court once
the court accepts the plea agreement." Rule 11(c)(1)(C).
When the Government and a defendant enter a Type-C
agreement, the district court has three choices: It "may
accept the agreement, reject it, or defer a decision until
the court has reviewed the presentence report." Rule
11(c)(3)(A). If the court rejects the agreement, the defend-
ant may withdraw his guilty plea. Rule 11(c)(5)(B).
In deciding whether to accept an agreement that in-
cludes a specific sentence, the district court must consider
the Sentencing Guidelines. The court may not accept the
agreement unless the court is satisfied that "(1) the agreed
sentence is within the applicable guideline range; or (2)(A)
the agreed sentence is outside the applicable guideline
range for justifiable reasons; and (B) those reasons are set
forth with specificity." United States Sentencing Commis-
sion, Guidelines Manual.2(c) (Nov. 2016) (USSG).
6 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

"[T]he decision whether to accept the agreement will often
be deferred until the sentencing hearing," which means
that "the decision whether to accept the plea agreement
will often be made at the same time that the defendant is
sentenced." United States v. Hyde, 
(1997).
C
1
In 2013 petitioner Erik Hughes was indicted on drug
and gun charges for his participation in a conspiracy to
distribute methamphetamine. About four months later,
the Government and Hughes negotiated a Type-C plea
agreement. Hughes agreed to plead guilty to two of the
four charges (conspiracy to distribute methamphetamine
and being a felon in possession of a gun); and in exchange
the Government agreed to dismiss the other two charges
and to refrain from filing an information giving formal
notification to the District Court of his prior drug felonies.
If the Government had filed the information, Hughes
would have been subject to a mandatory sentence of life in
prison. See 21 U. S. C. (1)(A), 851(a). The agree-
ment stipulated that Hughes would receive a sentence of
180 months, but it did not refer to any particular Guide-
lines range.
Hughes entered his guilty plea in December 2013. The
District Court accepted the plea at that time, but it de-
ferred consideration of the plea agreement (and hence the
stipulated 180-month sentence) until sentencing.
Three months later, at the sentencing hearing, the
District Court accepted the agreement and sentenced
Hughes to 180 months in prison. The court stated that it
had "considered the plea agreement [and] the sentencing
guidelines, particularly the provisions of," and
that it would "accept and approve the binding plea agree-
ment." App. to Pet. for Cert. 32a -- 33a. The court calcu-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

lated Hughes' Guidelines range as 188 to 235 months in
prison and heard statements from Hughes' daughter,
mother, and Hughes himself. Id., at 37a -- 43a. When it
imposed the agreed 180-month sentence the court reiter-
ated that it was "a reasonable sentence in this case com-
patible with the advisory United States Sentencing Guide-
lines but in accordance with the mandatory matters the
Court is required to consider in ultimately determining a
sentence." Id., at 44a, 47a.
2
Less than two months after the District Court sentenced
Hughes, the Sentencing Commission adopted amendment
782 to the Guidelines. USSG App. C, Amdt. 782 (Supp.
Nov. 2012 -- Nov. 2016). The amendment reduced the base
offense level by two levels for most drug offenses. The
Commission later made amendment 782 retroactive for
defendants who, like Hughes, already had been sentenced
under the higher offense levels. Amdt. 788. Under the
revised Guidelines, Hughes' sentencing range is 151 to 188
months -- about three to four years lower than the range in
effect when he was sentenced.
Hughes filed a motion for a reduced sentence under
(2). The District Court denied the motion, con-
cluding that Hughes is ineligible for relief; and the Court
of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit affirmed. 849 F. 3d
1008, 1016 (2017); App. to Pet. for Cert. 28a. Both courts
concluded that the Freeman concurrence stated the hold-
ing of this Court under Marks, and that under the concur-
rence's interpretation Hughes was ineligible for a reduced
sentence because his plea agreement did not expressly rely
on a Guidelines range. 849 F. 3d, at 1015; App. to Pet. for
Cert. 25a. This Court granted certiorari. 583 U. S. ___.
II
A principal purpose of the Sentencing Guidelines is to
8 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

promote "uniformity in sentencing imposed by different
federal courts for similar criminal conduct." Molina-
Martinez, 578 U. S., at ___ (internal quota-
tion marks and alteration omitted; emphasis deleted). Yet
in the aftermath of Freeman, a defendant's eligibility for a
reduced sentence under (2) turns on the Circuit in
which the case arises. Further, even within Circuits that
follow the Freeman concurrence, unwarranted disparities
have resulted depending on the fortuity of whether a
defendant's Type-C agreement includes a specific-enough
reference to a Guidelines range. See Brief for National
Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers et al. as Amici
Curiae 13 -- 20. In some cases defendants have been held
ineligible for relief even where the sentencing hearing
makes it crystal clear that the Government and the de-
fendant agreed to a Guidelines sentence and the district
court imposed one. See, e.g., United States v. McNeese,
819 F. 3d 922, 929 (CA6 2016).
In addition this Court's precedents since Freeman have
further confirmed that the Guidelines remain the founda-
tion of federal sentencing decisions. In Peugh v. United
States, (2013), for example, the Court held
that the Ex Post Facto Clause prohibits retroactive appli-
cation of amended Guidelines that increase a defendant's
sentencing range. Id., at 544. The Court reasoned that,
Booker notwithstanding, the Guidelines remain "the lode-
stone of sentencing." 569 U. S., at 544. And in Molina-
Martinez, the Court held that in the ordinary case a de-
fendant suffers prejudice from a Guidelines error because
of "the systemic function of the selected Guidelines range."
578 U. S., at ___.
"The post-Booker federal sentencing scheme aims to
achieve uniformity by ensuring that sentencing decisions
are anchored by the Guidelines." Peugh, supra, at 541. In
this context clarity and consistency are essential. To
resolve the uncertainty that resulted from this Court's
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

divided decision in Freeman, the Court now holds that a
sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agreement is
"based on" the defendant's Guidelines range so long as
that range was part of the framework the district court
relied on in imposing the sentence or accepting the
agreement.
A
As already mentioned, (2) authorizes a district
court to reduce a defendant's sentence if the defendant
"has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment based on a
sentencing range that has subsequently been lowered by
the Sentencing Commission." A district court imposes a
sentence that is "based on" a Guidelines range if the range
was a basis for the court's exercise of discretion in impos-
ing a sentence. To "base" means "[t]o make, form, or serve
as a foundation for," or "[t]o use (something) as the thing
from which something else is developed." Black's Law
Dictionary 180 (10th ed. 2014). Likewise, a "base" is "[t]he
starting point or foundational part of something," or "[a]
point, part, line, or quantity from which a reckoning or
conclusion proceeds." Ibid.; see also ibid. (similarly defin-
ing "basis").
In the typical sentencing case there will be no question
that the defendant's Guidelines range was a basis for his
sentence. The Sentencing Reform Act requires a district
court to calculate and consider a defendant's Guidelines
range in every case. 18 U. S. C.. Indeed, the
Guidelines are "the starting point for every sentencing
calculation in the federal system." Peugh, supra, at 542;
see also Molina-Martinez, 578 U. S., at ___ 
("The Court has made clear that the Guidelines are to be
the sentencing court's starting point and initial bench-
mark" (internal quotation marks and alteration omitted)).
"Even if the sentencing judge sees a reason to vary from
the Guidelines, if the judge uses the sentencing range as
10 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

the beginning point to explain the decision to deviate from
it, then the Guidelines are in a real sense the basis for the
sentence." Ibid. (internal quotation marks omitted; em-
phasis deleted). In general, (2) allows district
courts to reconsider a prisoner's sentence based on a new
starting point -- that is, a lower Guidelines range -- and
determine whether a reduction in the prisoner's sentence
is appropriate.
A sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agreement is
no exception to the general rule that a defendant's Guide-
lines range is both the starting point and a basis for his
ultimate sentence. Although in a Type-C agreement the
Government and the defendant may agree to a specific
sentence, that bargain is contingent on the district court
accepting the agreement and its stipulated sentence.
Freeman, 564 U. S., at 529 -- 530. The Sentencing Guide-
lines prohibit district courts from accepting Type-C
agreements without first evaluating the recommended
sentence in light of the defendant's Guidelines range.
USSG.2(c). So in the usual case the court's ac-
ceptance of a Type-C agreement and the sentence to be
imposed pursuant to that agreement are "based on" the
defendant's Guidelines range.
To be sure, the Guidelines are advisory only, and so not
every sentence will be consistent with the relevant Guide-
lines range. See Koons v. United States, post, at 5 (de-
fendants' Guidelines ranges "clearly did not" form a basis
of the ultimate sentences). For example, in Koons the
Court today holds that five defendants' sentences were not
"based on" subsequently lowered Guidelines ranges be-
cause in that case the Guidelines and the record make
clear that the sentencing judge "discarded" their sen-
tencing ranges "in favor of mandatory minimums and
substantial-assistance factors." Post, at 5 -- 6; see also
Molina-Martinez, supra, at ___ ("The record
in a case may show, for example, that the district court
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of the Court

thought the sentence it chose was appropriate irrespective
of the Guidelines range").
If the Guidelines range was not "a relevant part of the
analytic framework the judge used to determine the sen-
tence or to approve the agreement," Freeman, supra, at
530, then the defendant's sentence was not based on that
sentencing range, and relief under (2) is unavail-
able. And that is so regardless of whether a defendant
pleaded guilty pursuant to a Type-C agreement or whether
the agreement itself referred to a Guidelines range.
The statutory language points to the reasons for the sen-
tence that the district court imposed, not the reasons for
the parties' plea agreement. Still, cases like Koons are a
narrow exception to the general rule that, in most cases, a
defendant's sentence will be "based on" his Guidelines
range. In federal sentencing the Guidelines are a district
court's starting point, so when the Commission lowers a
defendant's Guidelines range the defendant will be eligible
for relief under (2) absent clear demonstration,
based on the record as a whole, that the court would have
imposed the same sentence regardless of the Guidelines.
See Koons, post, at 4 -- 6.
This interpretation furthers (2)'s purpose, as
well as the broader purposes of the Sentencing Reform
Act. "The Act aims to create a comprehensive sentencing
scheme in which those who commit crimes of similar
severity under similar conditions receive similar sentences."
Freeman, 564 U. S., at 533. "Section 3582(c)(2) contri-
butes to that goal by ensuring that district courts may
adjust sentences imposed pursuant to a range that the
Commission concludes [is] too severe, out of step with the
seriousness of the crime and the sentencing ranges of
analogous offenses, and inconsistent with the Act's pur-
poses." Ibid. And there is no reason a defendant's eligibil-
ity for relief should turn on the form of his plea
agreement.
12 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Two cases decided after Freeman now reinforce this
proposition. See Molina-Martinez, 578 U. S., at ___ -- ___
( -- 11); Peugh, 569 U. S., at 541 -- 544. These
cases confirm that the Guidelines remain a basis for al-
most all federal sentences. In Peugh, the Court recognized
that "[e]ven after Booker rendered the Sentencing Guide-
lines advisory, district courts have in the vast majority of
cases imposed either within-Guidelines sentences or sen-
tences that depart downward from the Guidelines on the
Government's motion." Id., at 543. And in Molina-
Martinez, the Court explained that "[t]he Commission's
statistics demonstrate the real and pervasive effect the
Guidelines have on sentencing." 578 U. S., at ___. In short, experience has shown that, although the
interpretation proffered by JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR's concur-
ring opinion in Freeman could be one permissible reading
of (2), the system Congress put in place is best
implemented, as a systemic, structural matter, by the
interpretation confirmed in the instant case.
B
In response, the Government largely recycles argu-
ments that a majority of this Court rejected in Freeman.
For example, the Government contends that allowing
defendants who enter Type-C agreements to seek reduced
sentences under (2) would deprive the Govern-
ment of one of the benefits of its bargain -- namely, the
defendant's agreement to a particular sentence. But that
has nothing to do with whether a defendant's sentence
was based on the Sentencing Guidelines under (2).
Freeman, 564 U. S., at 531; see also id., at 540 (opinion of
SOTOMAYOR, J.). And in any event, "[w]hat is at stake in
this case is a defendant's eligibility for relief, not the
extent of that relief." Id., at 532 (plurality opinion). Even
if a defendant is eligible for relief, before a district court
grants a reduction it must consider "the factors set forth in
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of the Court

section 3553(a) to the extent that they are applicable" and
the Commission's "applicable policy statements."
(2). The district court can consider the benefits
the defendant gained by entering a Type-C agreement
when it decides whether a reduction is appropriate (or
when it determines the extent of any reduction), "for the
statute permits but does not require the court to reduce a
sentence." Freeman, supra, at 532.
The Government also contends that allowing courts to
reduce the sentences of defendants like Hughes would be
inconsistent with the Commission's policy statement in
USSG.10, which provides that when a district court
modifies a sentence under (2) it "shall substitute
only the [retroactive] amendments listed in subsection (d)
for the corresponding guidelines provisions that were
applied when the defendant was sentenced and shall leave
all other guideline application decisions unaffected."
USSG.10(b)(1). According to the Government, no
"guidelines provisions" are "applied" when a defendant
enters a Type-C agreement because at the moment of
sentencing -- that is, after the court has already accepted
the agreement -- Rule 11 prohibits the court from imposing
any sentence other than the one the parties bargained for.
This argument fails for at least two reasons. First, the
Government's interpretation of.10 depends on an
artificial distinction between a court's decision to accept a
Type-C agreement and its decision to impose the agreed-
upon sentence. As explained above, a district court must
consider the defendant's "applicable Guidelines range"
when it decides whether to accept or reject the agreement,
USSG.2(c) -- often, as here, at the sentencing hear-
ing, after the court has reviewed the presentence report.
And as the Government itself points out, once the district
court accepts the agreement, the agreed-upon sentence is
the only sentence the court may impose. Thus, there is no
meaningful difference between a court's decision to accept
14 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

a Type-C agreement that includes a particular sentence
and the court's decision (sometimes, as here, just minutes
later) to impose that sentence.
Second, the Commission's policy statement "seeks to
isolate whatever marginal effect the since-rejected Guide-
line had on the defendant's sentence." Freeman, 564 U. S.,
at 530. Accordingly, relief under (2) should be
available to permit the district court to reconsider a prior
sentence to the extent the prisoner's Guidelines range was
a relevant part of the framework the judge used to accept
the agreement or determine the sentence. Ibid. If the
district court concludes that it would have imposed the
same sentence even if the defendant had been subject to
the lower range, then the court retains discretion to deny
relief.
C
In this case the District Court accepted Hughes' Type-C
agreement after concluding that a 180-month sentence
was consistent with the Sentencing Guidelines. App. to
Pet. for Cert. 33a. The court then calculated Hughes'
sentencing range and imposed a sentence that the court
deemed "compatible" with the Guidelines. Id., at 36a, 47a.
Thus, the sentencing range was a basis for the sentence
that the District Court imposed. That range has "subse-
quently been lowered by the Sentencing Commission," so
Hughes is eligible for relief under (2). The Court
expresses no view as to whether the District Court should
exercise its discretion to reduce Hughes' sentence after
considering the factors and the Commission's
relevant policy statements. See 18 U. S. C. (2).
* * *
For these reasons, the judgment of the Court of Appeals
is reversed, and the case is remanded for further proceed-
ings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 155
_________________

ERIK LINDSEY HUGHES, PETITIONER v.

UNITED STATES

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, concurring.
In Freeman v. United States, (2011),
this Court confronted the same question it definitively
resolves today: whether criminal defendants who enter
into plea agreements under Federal Rule of Criminal
Procedure 11(c)(1)(C) are eligible for sentencing reduc-
tions under 18 U. S. C. (2). Freeman ended in
a 4 -- 1 -- 4 decision that left lower courts confused as
to whether the plurality or the concurring opinion
controlled.
The plurality of four Justices in Freeman concluded
that defendants who plead guilty pursuant to a so-called
"Type-C agreement" may be eligible for a sentence re-
duction under (2) because Type-C sentences are
"based on the Guidelines" "to whatever extent the sen-
tencing range in question was a relevant part of the an-
alytic framework the judge used to determine the sen-
tence or to approve the agreement." 564 U. S., at 530.
Four Justices dissented. Id., at 544 -- 551 (opinion of
ROBERTS, C. J.). They would have held that a defendant
who pleads guilty pursuant to a Type-C agreement is
categorically ineligible for a sentence reduction under
(2) because such a sentence is always "based on"
the plea agreement, and not on the Guidelines. Id., at
544 -- 548.
2 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

Parting ways with all eight of my colleagues, I con-
curred only in the judgment. Id., at 534 -- 544. I held the
view that sentences imposed under Type-C agreements
are typically "based on" the agreements themselves, not
on the Guidelines. Id., at 535 -- 536. "In the (C) agree-
ment context," I explained, "it is the binding plea
agreement that is the foundation for the term of impris-
onment to which the defendant is sentenced." Id., at
535. But, in my view, that general rule was not abso-
lute. Rejecting the categorical rule adopted by the dis-
sent, I instead concluded that some Type-C sentences
were "based on" the Guidelines and thus eligible for sen-
tencing reductions under (2). Id., at 538 -- 539.
Specifically, I clarified that (2) relief was avail-
able in cases where the Type-C agreement "call[s] for
the defendant to be sentenced within a particular
Guidelines sentencing range," or in cases where the
"plea agreement... provide[s] for a specific term of im-
prisonment... but also make[s] clear that the basis for
the specified term is a Guidelines sentencing range."
Id., at 538 -- 539. Because Freeman's agreement presented
one such case, I agreed with the plurality that he was
eligible for a sentence reduction under (2). See
id., at 542 -- 544.
I continue to believe that my Freeman concurrence
sets forth the most convincing interpretation of
(2)'s statutory text. But I also acknowledge that
my concurrence precipitated a 4 -- 1 -- 4 decision that left
significant confusion in its wake. Because Freeman's
fractured disposition provided insufficient guidance,
courts of appeals have struggled over whether they
should follow the Freeman plurality or my separate con-
currence. See ante, at 2 -- 3. As a result, "in the after-
math of Freeman, a defendant's eligibility for a reduced
sentence under (2) turns on the Circuit in which
the case arises." Ante, at 8. And, "even within Circuits
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

that follow the Freeman concurrence, unwarranted dis-
parities have resulted depending on the fortuity of
whether a defendant's Type-C agreement includes a
specific-enough reference to a Guidelines range." Ibid.
The integrity and legitimacy of our criminal justice
system depends upon consistency, predictability, and
evenhandedness. Regrettably, the divided decisions in
Freeman, and my concurrence in particular, have done
little to foster those foundational principles. Quite the
opposite, my individual views, which "[n]o other Justice... shares," have contributed to ongoing discord among
the lower courts, sown confusion among litigants, and
left "the governing rule uncertain." Arizona v. Gant,
(2009) (Scalia, J., concurring); see
Brief for National Association of Criminal Defense Law-
yers et al. as Amici Curiae 3 -- 27 (arguing that the Free-
man concurrence leads to unpredictable and incon-
sistent results).
I therefore join the majority in full because doing so
helps to ensure clarity and stability in the law and pro-
motes "uniformity in sentencing imposed by different
federal courts for similar criminal conduct." Molina-
Martinez v. United States, 578 U. S. ___, ___ (2016) (internal quotation marks and alteration omit-
ted; emphasis deleted). Today's majority opinion charts
a clear path forward: It mitigates the inconsistencies
and disparities occasioned (at least in part) by my con-
currence. It ensures that similarly situated defendants
are subject to a uniform legal rule. It studiously ad-
heres to "this Court's precedents since Freeman," which
firmly establish "that the Guidelines remain the founda-
tion of federal sentencing decisions." Ante, at 8; see
ante, at 12 (discussing Molina-Martinez, 578 U. S. ___;
Peugh v. United States, (2013)). And it
aligns more closely than the dissent does with the view I
4 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

articulated in Freeman.1 For all these reasons, I now
lend my vote to the majority and accede in its holding
"that a sentence imposed pursuant to a Type-C agree-
ment is 'based on' the defendant's Guidelines range so
long as that range was part of the framework the dis-
trict court relied on in imposing the sentence or accept-
ing the agreement." Ante, at 9.2

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Unlike the majority, the dissent's position is incompatible with my

view in Freeman (and in this case) that criminal defendants who plead
guilty under Type-C agreements are not categorically ineligible for
relief under (2). See 564 U. S., at 538 -- 540 (SOTOMAYOR, J.,
concurring in judgment). Accordingly, I continue to "reject the categori-
cal rule advanced by the Government and endorsed by the dissent."
Id., at 539.
2 I am sensitive to the Government's contention that allowing crimi-

nal defendants to obtain reductions of Type-C sentences under
(2) might deprive the Government of the benefit of its bargain.
Brief for United States 52. But, as the majority persuasively explains,
that argument "has nothing to do with whether a defendant's sentence
was based on the Sentencing Guidelines under (2)" and there-
fore has no bearing on whether a defendant who has entered into a
Type-C agreement is eligible for a sentence reduction. Ante, at 12; see
Freeman, 564 U. S., at 532 (plurality opinion) ("What is at stake... is a
defendant's eligibility for relief, not the extent of that relief "). All that
said, there may be circumstances in which the Government makes
substantial concessions in entering into a Type-C agreement with a
defendant -- e.g., by declining to pursue easily proved and weighty
sentencing enhancements -- such that there is a compelling case that
the agreed-upon sentence in the Type-C agreement would not have
been affected if the subsequently lowered Guidelines range had been in
place at the relevant time. If such circumstances exist, I expect that
district courts will take that into account when deciding whether, and
to what extent, a Type-C sentence should be reduced under (2).
See ante, at 12 -- 13.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 17 -- 155
_________________

ERIK LINDSEY HUGHES, PETITIONER v.

UNITED STATES

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT

[June 4, 2018]

CHIEF JUSTICE ROBERTS, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS
and JUSTICE ALITO join, dissenting.
Seven years ago, four Justices took the position that a
defendant sentenced to a term of imprisonment specified
in a binding plea agreement may have been sentenced
"based on" a Sentencing Guidelines range, simply because
the district court must consider the Guidelines in deciding
whether to accept the agreement. Freeman v. United
States, -- 530 (2011) (plurality opinion).
That view has since garnered more votes, but has not
gotten any more persuasive.
A defendant is eligible for a sentence reduction following
a retroactive Guidelines amendment if he was "sentenced
to a term of imprisonment based on a sentencing range
that has subsequently been lowered by the Sentencing
Commission." 18 U. S. C. (2). When a defendant
enters into a binding "Type-C" plea agreement pursuant to
Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 11(c)(1)(C), however,
the resulting sentence is "dictated by the terms of the
agreement entered into by the parties, not the judge's
Guidelines calculation." Freeman, 564 U. S., at 536
(SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment). Five Justices
recognized as much in Freeman. See ibid.; id., at 544
(ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting).
If a defendant pleads guilty pursuant to a Type-C
2 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

agreement specifying a particular term of imprisonment,
the district court may sentence him only to that term. See
Fed. Rule Crim. Proc. 11(c)(1)(C) (the parties' choice of an
"appropriate" sentence "binds the court once the court
accepts the plea agreement"). If the judge considers the
parties' chosen sentence to be inappropriate, he does not
have discretion to impose a different one. Instead, the
court's only option is to reject the agreement and afford
the defendant the opportunity to be released from his
guilty plea. See Fed. Rules Crim. Proc. 11(c)(3)(A), (4), (5).
As the Court points out, a district court considering
whether to accept a Type-C agreement must consult the
Guidelines, as the District Court did here. Ante, at 5; see
App. to Pet. for Cert. 32a -- 36a. But "when determining the
sentence to impose," the district court may base its deci-
sion on "one thing and one thing only -- the plea agree-
ment." Freeman, 564 U. S., at 545 (ROBERTS, C. J., dis-
senting). The Court characterizes this distinction as
"artificial," arguing that the district court's ultimate impo-
sition of a sentence often has as much to do with its Guide-
lines calculation as anything else. Ante, at 13; see ante,
at 10 -- 11. But that is not so: With a Type-C agreement,
the sentence is set by the parties, not by a judge applying
the Guidelines. Far from being "artificial," that distinc-
tion is central to what makes a Type-C plea a Type-C plea.
"In the (C) agreement context" it is "the binding plea
agreement that is the foundation for the term of impris-
onment." Freeman, 564 U. S., at 535 (opinion of
SOTOMAYOR, J.). "To hold otherwise would be to contra-
vene the very purpose of (C) agreements -- to bind the
district court and allow the Government and the defend-
ant to determine what sentence he will receive." Id., at
536.
That commonsense understanding accords with our
reading of the phrase "based upon" in the context of decid-
ing when a cause of action is based upon particular con-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

duct. In Saudi Arabia v. Nelson, (1993), we
considered a provision in the Foreign Sovereign Immuni-
ties Act of 1976 providing an exception to a foreign state's
immunity when "the action is based upon a commercial
activity carried on in the United States by the foreign
state." 28 U. S. C. (2). We said that the phrase
did not encompass a foreign state's activity that "led to"
the tortious conduct. 507 U. S., at 358. Instead, we inter-
preted the phrase to refer only to the conduct that forms
"the 'basis,' " or "foundation," of the cause of action -- that
is, "the 'gravamen of the complaint.' " Id., at 357. And as
we explained, the "torts, and not the arguably commercial
activities that preceded their commission, form the basis
for the [plaintiffs'] suit." Id., at 358. So too here: The
Type-C agreement, and not the Guidelines calculation that
preceded its acceptance, forms the basis for the sentence.
More recently, in OBB Personenverkehr AG v. Sachs,
577 U. S. ___ (2015), we found that a cause of action was
not "based upon" commercial activity when the activity
established just one element of the action. The phrase
"based upon," we explained, instead looks to "the core of
[the] suit" and what the claims "turn on." Id., at ___ -- ___
( -- 8). Here the sentence that petitioner
Hughes received "turned on" the agreement, not the
Guidelines or anything else.
The Court finds new justification for its interpretation
in Peugh v. United States, (2013), and Molina-
Martinez v. United States, 578 U. S. ___ (2016). But those
cases -- which do not concern the language of (2) or
sentencing pursuant to Type-C agreements -- do not inform
the distinct question at hand. I agree that when a district
court has discretion to select an appropriate sentence, the
resulting sentence can often be said to be based on the
advisory Guidelines range. See Peugh, 569 U. S., at 541
(describing sentences under the post-Booker scheme as
"anchored by the Guidelines," see United States v. Booker,
4 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

(2005)); Molina-Martinez, 578 U. S., at ___
("[i]n the ordinary case" the Guidelines
"anchor the court's discretion in selecting an appropriate
sentence"). But there are circumstances where the district
court's discretion is confined such that the Guidelines
range does not play a meaningful part in the ultimate
determination of the defendant's sentence. One such
scenario is when an applicable mandatory minimum
supersedes the Guidelines range. See Koons v. United
States, ___ (2018) (a Guide-
lines range can be "overridden" by "a congressionally
mandated minimum sentence"). Another is the situation
before us, where Rule 11(c)(1)(C) compels the district court
to sentence the defendant to a term chosen by the parties,
or none at all.
Finally, as five Members of this Court recognized in
Freeman, "[a]llowing district courts later to reduce a term
of imprisonment simply because the court itself considered
the Guidelines in deciding whether to accept the agree-
ment would transform (2) into a mechanism by
which courts could rewrite the terms of (C) agreements in
ways not contemplated by the parties." 564 U. S., at 536 -- 
537 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.); see id., at 545 (ROBERTS,
C. J., dissenting). The Court dismisses this point as hav-
ing "nothing to do with whether a defendant's sentence
was based on the Sentencing Guidelines." Ante, at 12.
But of course it does. The very purpose of a Type-C
agreement is to present the defendant's sentence to the
district court on a take-it-or-leave-it basis, preventing the
district judge from altering the sentence as he sees
fit. The Court's interpretation of (2) allows for
just such revision, possibly many years down the line,
when the Government has already fulfilled its side of the
bargain.
The Court justifies this result by arguing that its rule
ensures that "those who commit crimes of similar severity
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

under similar conditions receive similar sentences." Ante,
at 11. But that ignores the crucial way in which Type-C
defendants are not similarly situated to other defendants.
They entered into binding agreements -- based on the
unique facts of their cases and their negotiations with
prosecutors -- and received benefits (often quite significant
ones) that other defendants do not. The facts of this case
provide a striking illustration. In exchange for the cer-
tainty of a binding 180-month sentence, the Government
not only dropped additional charges against Hughes, but
also promised not to pursue a recidivist enhancement that
would have imprisoned him for life.
The Court stresses that the question presented concerns
only a Type-C defendant's eligibility under (2),
and that the district court might exercise its discretion to
deny a reduction if it "concludes that it would have im-
posed the same sentence even if the defendant had been
subject to the lower range." Ante, at 14; see ante, at 13
(suggesting that the district court "can consider the bene-
fits the defendant gained by entering a Type-C agreement"
in deciding "whether a reduction is appropriate"). But
even if the district court ultimately decides against a
reduction, the Government will be forced to litigate the
issue in the meantime -- nullifying another of its benefits
from the Type-C agreement. To secure the sentence to
which the parties already agreed, the Government likely
will have to recreate the state of play from the original
plea negotiations and sentencing to make counterfactual
"what if " arguments -- which, naturally, the defendant will
then try to rebut. Settling this debate is unlikely to be as
straightforward as the Court anticipates.
The point is a very practical one: Hughes pleaded guilty
and entered into a binding agreement because he other-
wise was looking at life in prison. Although the District
Court dutifully performed the required Guidelines calcula-
tions, Hughes's sentence was based on the agreement, not
6 HUGHES v. UNITED STATES

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

the Guidelines range. Hughes should not receive a wind-
fall benefit because that range has been changed.
The Government may well be able to limit the frustrat-
ing effects of today's decision in the long run. Going for-
ward, it presumably can add a provision to every Type-C
agreement in which the defendant agrees to waive any
right to seek a sentence reduction following future Guide-
lines amendments. See Brief for Petitioner 34 -- 35 (refer-
ring to the possibility of such an "explicit waiver"). But
that is no comfort when it comes to cases like this one,
where the parties understood their choice of sentence to be
binding.
I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
In 2012 a same-sex couple visited Masterpiece
Cakeshop, a bakery in Colorado, to make inquiries about
ordering a cake for their wedding reception. The shop's
owner told the couple that he would not create a cake for
their wedding because of his religious opposition to same-
sex marriages -- marriages the State of Colorado itself did
not recognize at that time. The couple filed a charge with
the Colorado Civil Rights Commission alleging discrimina-
tion on the basis of sexual orientation in violation of the
Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act.
The Commission determined that the shop's actions
violated the Act and ruled in the couple's favor. The Colo-
rado state courts affirmed the ruling and its enforcement
order, and this Court now must decide whether the Com-
mission's order violated the Constitution.
The case presents difficult questions as to the proper
reconciliation of at least two principles. The first is the
authority of a State and its governmental entities to pro-
tect the rights and dignity of gay persons who are, or wish
to be, married but who face discrimination when they seek
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

goods or services. The second is the right of all persons to
exercise fundamental freedoms under the First Amend-
ment, as applied to the States through the Fourteenth
Amendment.
The freedoms asserted here are both the freedom of
speech and the free exercise of religion. The free speech
aspect of this case is difficult, for few persons who have
seen a beautiful wedding cake might have thought of its
creation as an exercise of protected speech. This is an
instructive example, however, of the proposition that the
application of constitutional freedoms in new contexts can
deepen our understanding of their meaning.
One of the difficulties in this case is that the parties
disagree as to the extent of the baker's refusal to provide
service. If a baker refused to design a special cake with
words or images celebrating the marriage -- for instance, a
cake showing words with religious meaning -- that might
be different from a refusal to sell any cake at all. In defin-
ing whether a baker's creation can be protected, these
details might make a difference.
The same difficulties arise in determining whether a
baker has a valid free exercise claim. A baker's refusal to
attend the wedding to ensure that the cake is cut the right
way, or a refusal to put certain religious words or decora-
tions on the cake, or even a refusal to sell a cake that has
been baked for the public generally but includes certain
religious words or symbols on it are just three examples of
possibilities that seem all but endless.
Whatever the confluence of speech and free exercise
principles might be in some cases, the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission's consideration of this case was incon-
sistent with the State's obligation of religious neutrality.
The reason and motive for the baker's refusal were based
on his sincere religious beliefs and convictions. The
Court's precedents make clear that the baker, in his capac-
ity as the owner of a business serving the public, might
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

have his right to the free exercise of religion limited by
generally applicable laws. Still, the delicate question of
when the free exercise of his religion must yield to an
otherwise valid exercise of state power needed to be de-
termined in an adjudication in which religious hostility on
the part of the State itself would not be a factor in the
balance the State sought to reach. That requirement,
however, was not met here. When the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission considered this case, it did not do
so with the religious neutrality that the Constitution
requires.
Given all these considerations, it is proper to hold that
whatever the outcome of some future controversy involv-
ing facts similar to these, the Commission's actions here
violated the Free Exercise Clause; and its order must be
set aside.
I

A

Masterpiece Cakeshop, Ltd., is a bakery in Lakewood,
Colorado, a suburb of Denver. The shop offers a variety of
baked goods, ranging from everyday cookies and brownies
to elaborate custom-designed cakes for birthday parties,
weddings, and other events.
Jack Phillips is an expert baker who has owned and
operated the shop for 24 years. Phillips is a devout Chris-
tian. He has explained that his "main goal in life is to be
obedient to" Jesus Christ and Christ's "teachings in all
aspects of his life." App. 148. And he seeks to "honor God
through his work at Masterpiece Cakeshop." Ibid. One of
Phillips' religious beliefs is that "God's intention for mar-
riage from the beginning of history is that it is and should
be the union of one man and one woman." Id., at 149. To
Phillips, creating a wedding cake for a same-sex wedding
would be equivalent to participating in a celebration that
is contrary to his own most deeply held beliefs.
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

Phillips met Charlie Craig and Dave Mullins when they
entered his shop in the summer of 2012. Craig and Mul-
lins were planning to marry. At that time, Colorado did
not recognize same-sex marriages, so the couple planned
to wed legally in Massachusetts and afterwards to host a
reception for their family and friends in Denver. To pre-
pare for their celebration, Craig and Mullins visited the
shop and told Phillips that they were interested in order-
ing a cake for "our wedding." Id., at 152 (emphasis de-
leted). They did not mention the design of the cake they
envisioned.
Phillips informed the couple that he does not "create"
wedding cakes for same-sex weddings. Ibid. He ex-
plained, "I'll make your birthday cakes, shower cakes, sell
you cookies and brownies, I just don't make cakes for same
sex weddings." Ibid. The couple left the shop without
further discussion.
The following day, Craig's mother, who had accompa-
nied the couple to the cakeshop and been present for their
interaction with Phillips, telephoned to ask Phillips why
he had declined to serve her son. Phillips explained that
he does not create wedding cakes for same-sex weddings
because of his religious opposition to same-sex marriage,
and also because Colorado (at that time) did not recognize
same-sex marriages. Id., at 153. He later explained his
belief that "to create a wedding cake for an event that
celebrates something that directly goes against the teach-
ings of the Bible, would have been a personal endorsement
and participation in the ceremony and relationship that
they were entering into." Ibid. (emphasis deleted).
B
For most of its history, Colorado has prohibited discrim-
ination in places of public accommodation. In 1885, less
than a decade after Colorado achieved statehood, the
General Assembly passed "An Act to Protect All Citizens
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

in Their Civil Rights," which guaranteed "full and equal
enjoyment" of certain public facilities to "all citizens,"
"regardless of race, color or previous condition of servi-
tude." 1885 Colo. Sess. Laws pp. 132 -- 133. A decade later,
the General Assembly expanded the requirement to apply
to "all other places of public accommodation." 1895 Colo.
Sess. Laws ch. 61, p. 139.
Today, the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act (CADA)
carries forward the state's tradition of prohibiting discrim-
ination in places of public accommodation. Amended in
2007 and 2008 to prohibit discrimination on the basis of
sexual orientation as well as other protected characteris-
tics, CADA in relevant part provides as follows:

"It is a discriminatory practice and unlawful for a per-
son, directly or indirectly, to refuse, withhold from, or
deny to an individual or a group, because of disability,
race, creed, color, sex, sexual orientation, marital sta-
tus, national origin, or ancestry, the full and equal en-
joyment of the goods, services, facilities, privileges,
advantages, or accommodations of a place of public ac-
commodation." Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 34 -- 601(2)(a)
(2017).

The Act defines "public accommodation" broadly to include
any "place of business engaged in any sales to the public
and any place offering services... to the public," but
excludes "a church, synagogue, mosque, or other place that
is principally used for religious purposes." -- 34 -- 601(1).
CADA establishes an administrative system for the
resolution of discrimination claims. Complaints of dis-
crimination in violation of CADA are addressed in the first
instance by the Colorado Civil Rights Division. The Divi-
sion investigates each claim; and if it finds probable cause
that CADA has been violated, it will refer the matter to
the Colorado Civil Rights Commission. The Commission,
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

in turn, decides whether to initiate a formal hearing be-
fore a state Administrative Law Judge (ALJ), who will
hear evidence and argument before issuing a written
decision. See -- 34 -- 306, 24 -- 4 -- 105(14). The decision of
the ALJ may be appealed to the full Commission, a seven-
member appointed body. The Commission holds a public
hearing and deliberative session before voting on the case.
If the Commission determines that the evidence proves a
CADA violation, it may impose remedial measures as
provided by statute. See -- 34 -- 306(9). Available reme-
dies include, among other things, orders to cease-and-
desist a discriminatory policy, to file regular compliance
reports with the Commission, and "to take affirmative
action, including the posting of notices setting forth the
substantive rights of the public." -- 34 -- 605. Colorado
law does not permit the Commission to assess money
damages or fines. -- 34 -- 306(9), 24 -- 34 -- 605.
C
Craig and Mullins filed a discrimination complaint
against Masterpiece Cakeshop and Phillips in August
2012, shortly after the couple's visit to the shop. App. 31.
The complaint alleged that Craig and Mullins had been
denied "full and equal service" at the bakery because of
their sexual orientation, id., at 35, 48, and that it was
Phillips' "standard business practice" not to provide cakes
for same-sex weddings, id., at 43.
The Civil Rights Division opened an investigation. The
investigator found that "on multiple occasions," Phillips
"turned away potential customers on the basis of their
sexual orientation, stating that he could not create a cake
for a same-sex wedding ceremony or reception" because
his religious beliefs prohibited it and because the potential
customers "were doing something illegal" at that time.
Id., at 76. The investigation found that Phillips had de-
clined to sell custom wedding cakes to about six other
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

same-sex couples on this basis. Id., at 72. The investiga-
tor also recounted that, according to affidavits submitted
by Craig and Mullins, Phillips' shop had refused to sell
cupcakes to a lesbian couple for their commitment celebra-
tion because the shop "had a policy of not selling baked
goods to same-sex couples for this type of event." Id., at
73. Based on these findings, the Division found probable
cause that Phillips violated CADA and referred the case to
the Civil Rights Commission. Id., at 69.
The Commission found it proper to conduct a formal
hearing, and it sent the case to a State ALJ. Finding no
dispute as to material facts, the ALJ entertained cross-
motions for summary judgment and ruled in the couple's
favor. The ALJ first rejected Phillips' argument that
declining to make or create a wedding cake for Craig and
Mullins did not violate Colorado law. It was undisputed
that the shop is subject to state public accommodations
laws. And the ALJ determined that Phillips' actions
constituted prohibited discrimination on the basis of sex-
ual orientation, not simply opposition to same-sex marriage
as Phillips contended. App. to Pet. for Cert. 68a -- 72a.
Phillips raised two constitutional claims before the ALJ.
He first asserted that applying CADA in a way that would
require him to create a cake for a same-sex wedding would
violate his First Amendment right to free speech by com-
pelling him to exercise his artistic talents to express a
message with which he disagreed. The ALJ rejected the
contention that preparing a wedding cake is a form of
protected speech and did not agree that creating Craig and
Mullins' cake would force Phillips to adhere to "an ideolog-
ical point of view." Id., at 75a. Applying CADA to the
facts at hand, in the ALJ's view, did not interfere with
Phillips' freedom of speech.
Phillips also contended that requiring him to create
cakes for same-sex weddings would violate his right to the
free exercise of religion, also protected by the First
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

Amendment. Citing this Court's precedent in Employment
Div., Dept. of Human Resources of Ore. v. Smith, (1990), the ALJ determined that CADA is a "valid and
neutral law of general applicability" and therefore that
applying it to Phillips in this case did not violate the Free
Exercise Clause. Id., at 879; App. to Pet. for Cert. 82a -- 
83a. The ALJ thus ruled against Phillips and the
cakeshop and in favor of Craig and Mullins on both consti-
tutional claims.
The Commission affirmed the ALJ's decision in full. Id.,
at 57a. The Commission ordered Phillips to "cease and
desist from discriminating against... same-sex couples by
refusing to sell them wedding cakes or any product [they]
would sell to heterosexual couples." Ibid. It also ordered
additional remedial measures, including "comprehensive
staff training on the Public Accommodations section" of
CADA "and changes to any and all company policies to
comply with... this Order." Id., at 58a. The Commission
additionally required Phillips to prepare "quarterly com-
pliance reports" for a period of two years documenting "the
number of patrons denied service" and why, along with "a
statement describing the remedial actions taken." Ibid.
Phillips appealed to the Colorado Court of Appeals,
which affirmed the Commission's legal determinations and
remedial order. The court rejected the argument that the
"Commission's order unconstitutionally compels" Phillips
and the shop "to convey a celebratory message about same
sex marriage." Craig v. Masterpiece Cakeshop, Inc., 370
P. 3d 272, 283 (2015). The court also rejected the argu-
ment that the Commission's order violated the Free Exer-
cise Clause. Relying on this Court's precedent in Smith,
supra, at 879, the court stated that the Free Exercise
Clause "does not relieve an individual of the obligation to
comply with a valid and neutral law of general applicabil-
ity" on the ground that following the law would interfere
with religious practice or belief. 370 P. 3d, at 289. The
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

court concluded that requiring Phillips to comply with the
statute did not violate his free exercise rights. The Colo-
rado Supreme Court declined to hear the case.
Phillips sought review here, and this Court granted
certiorari. 582 U. S. ___ (2017). He now renews his claims
under the Free Speech and Free Exercise Clauses of the
First Amendment.
II

A

Our society has come to the recognition that gay persons
and gay couples cannot be treated as social outcasts or as
inferior in dignity and worth. For that reason the laws
and the Constitution can, and in some instances must,
protect them in the exercise of their civil rights. The
exercise of their freedom on terms equal to others must be
given great weight and respect by the courts. At the same
time, the religious and philosophical objections to gay
marriage are protected views and in some instances pro-
tected forms of expression. As this Court observed in
Obergefell v. Hodges, 576 U. S. ___ (2015), "[t]he First
Amendment ensures that religious organizations and
persons are given proper protection as they seek to teach
the principles that are so fulfilling and so central to their
lives and faiths." Id., at ___. Nevertheless,
while those religious and philosophical objections are
protected, it is a general rule that such objections do not
allow business owners and other actors in the economy
and in society to deny protected persons equal access to
goods and services under a neutral and generally applica-
ble public accommodations law. See Newman v. Piggy
Park Enterprises, Inc., (1968) (per
curiam); see also Hurley v. Irish-American Gay, Lesbian
and Bisexual Group of Boston, Inc., 
(1995) ("Provisions like these are well within the State's
usual power to enact when a legislature has reason to
10 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

believe that a given group is the target of discrimination,
and they do not, as a general matter, violate the First or
Fourteenth Amendments").
When it comes to weddings, it can be assumed that a
member of the clergy who objects to gay marriage on
moral and religious grounds could not be compelled to
perform the ceremony without denial of his or her right to
the free exercise of religion. This refusal would be well
understood in our constitutional order as an exercise of
religion, an exercise that gay persons could recognize and
accept without serious diminishment to their own dignity
and worth. Yet if that exception were not confined, then a
long list of persons who provide goods and services for
marriages and weddings might refuse to do so for gay
persons, thus resulting in a community-wide stigma in-
consistent with the history and dynamics of civil rights
laws that ensure equal access to goods, services, and
public accommodations.
It is unexceptional that Colorado law can protect gay
persons, just as it can protect other classes of individuals,
in acquiring whatever products and services they choose
on the same terms and conditions as are offered to other
members of the public. And there are no doubt innumera-
ble goods and services that no one could argue implicate
the First Amendment. Petitioners conceded, moreover,
that if a baker refused to sell any goods or any cakes for
gay weddings, that would be a different matter and the
State would have a strong case under this Court's prece-
dents that this would be a denial of goods and services
that went beyond any protected rights of a baker who
offers goods and services to the general public and is
subject to a neutrally applied and generally applicable
public accommodations law. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 4 -- 7, 10.
Phillips claims, however, that a narrower issue is pre-
sented. He argues that he had to use his artistic skills to
make an expressive statement, a wedding endorsement in
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of the Court

his own voice and of his own creation. As Phillips would
see the case, this contention has a significant First
Amendment speech component and implicates his deep
and sincere religious beliefs. In this context the baker
likely found it difficult to find a line where the customers'
rights to goods and services became a demand for him to
exercise the right of his own personal expression for their
message, a message he could not express in a way con-
sistent with his religious beliefs.
Phillips' dilemma was particularly understandable
given the background of legal principles and administra-
tion of the law in Colorado at that time. His decision and
his actions leading to the refusal of service all occurred in
the year 2012. At that point, Colorado did not recognize
the validity of gay marriages performed in its own State.
See Colo. Const., Art. II, (2012); 370 P. 3d, at 277. At
the time of the events in question, this Court had not
issued its decisions either in United States v. Windsor, (2013), or Obergefell. Since the State itself did
not allow those marriages to be performed in Colorado,
there is some force to the argument that the baker was not
unreasonable in deeming it lawful to decline to take an
action that he understood to be an expression of support
for their validity when that expression was contrary to his
sincerely held religious beliefs, at least insofar as his
refusal was limited to refusing to create and express a
message in support of gay marriage, even one planned to
take place in another State.
At the time, state law also afforded storekeepers some
latitude to decline to create specific messages the store-
keeper considered offensive. Indeed, while enforcement
proceedings against Phillips were ongoing, the Colorado
Civil Rights Division itself endorsed this proposition in
cases involving other bakers' creation of cakes, concluding
on at least three occasions that a baker acted lawfully in
declining to create cakes with decorations that demeaned
12 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

gay persons or gay marriages. See Jack v. Gateaux, Ltd.,
Charge No. P20140071X (Mar. 24, 2015); Jack v. Le Bak-
ery Sensual, Inc., Charge No. P20140070X (Mar. 24, 2015);
Jack v. Azucar Bakery, Charge No. P20140069X (Mar. 24,
2015).
There were, to be sure, responses to these arguments
that the State could make when it contended for a differ-
ent result in seeking the enforcement of its generally
applicable state regulations of businesses that serve the
public. And any decision in favor of the baker would have
to be sufficiently constrained, lest all purveyors of goods
and services who object to gay marriages for moral and
religious reasons in effect be allowed to put up signs say-
ing "no goods or services will be sold if they will be used
for gay marriages," something that would impose a serious
stigma on gay persons. But, nonetheless, Phillips was
entitled to the neutral and respectful consideration of his
claims in all the circumstances of the case.
B
The neutral and respectful consideration to which Phil-
lips was entitled was compromised here, however. The
Civil Rights Commission's treatment of his case has some
elements of a clear and impermissible hostility toward the
sincere religious beliefs that motivated his objection.
That hostility surfaced at the Commission's formal,
public hearings, as shown by the record. On May 30,
2014, the seven-member Commission convened publicly to
consider Phillips' case. At several points during its meet-
ing, commissioners endorsed the view that religious beliefs
cannot legitimately be carried into the public sphere or
commercial domain, implying that religious beliefs and
persons are less than fully welcome in Colorado's business
community. One commissioner suggested that Phillips
can believe "what he wants to believe," but cannot act on
his religious beliefs "if he decides to do business in the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of the Court

state." Tr. 23. A few moments later, the commissioner
restated the same position: "[I]f a businessman wants to
do business in the state and he's got an issue with the -- 
the law's impacting his personal belief system, he needs to
look at being able to compromise." Id., at 30. Standing
alone, these statements are susceptible of different inter-
pretations. On the one hand, they might mean simply
that a business cannot refuse to provide services based on
sexual orientation, regardless of the proprietor's personal
views. On the other hand, they might be seen as inappro-
priate and dismissive comments showing lack of due
consideration for Phillips' free exercise rights and the
dilemma he faced. In view of the comments that followed,
the latter seems the more likely.
On July 25, 2014, the Commission met again. This
meeting, too, was conducted in public and on the record.
On this occasion another commissioner made specific
reference to the previous meeting's discussion but said far
more to disparage Phillips' beliefs. The commissioner
stated:

"I would also like to reiterate what we said in the
hearing or the last meeting. Freedom of religion and
religion has been used to justify all kinds of discrimi-
nation throughout history, whether it be slavery,
whether it be the holocaust, whether it be -- I mean,
we -- we can list hundreds of situations where freedom
of religion has been used to justify discrimination.
And to me it is one of the most despicable pieces of
rhetoric that people can use to -- to use their religion
to hurt others." Tr. 11 -- 12.

To describe a man's faith as "one of the most despicable
pieces of rhetoric that people can use" is to disparage his
religion in at least two distinct ways: by describing it as
despicable, and also by characterizing it as merely rhetori-
14 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

cal -- something insubstantial and even insincere. The
commissioner even went so far as to compare Phillips'
invocation of his sincerely held religious beliefs to defenses
of slavery and the Holocaust. This sentiment is inappro-
priate for a Commission charged with the solemn respon-
sibility of fair and neutral enforcement of Colorado's anti-
discrimination law -- a law that protects discrimination on
the basis of religion as well as sexual orientation.
The record shows no objection to these comments from
other commissioners. And the later state-court ruling
reviewing the Commission's decision did not mention
those comments, much less express concern with their
content. Nor were the comments by the commissioners
disavowed in the briefs filed in this Court. For these
reasons, the Court cannot avoid the conclusion that these
statements cast doubt on the fairness and impartiality of
the Commission's adjudication of Phillips' case. Members
of the Court have disagreed on the question whether
statements made by lawmakers may properly be taken
into account in determining whether a law intentionally
discriminates on the basis of religion. See Church of
Lukumi Babalu Aye, Inc. v. Hialeah, -- 
542 (1993); id., at 558 (Scalia, J., concurring in part and
concurring in judgment). In this case, however, the re-
marks were made in a very different context -- by an adju-
dicatory body deciding a particular case.
Another indication of hostility is the difference in treat-
ment between Phillips' case and the cases of other bakers
who objected to a requested cake on the basis of conscience
and prevailed before the Commission.
As noted above, on at least three other occasions the
Civil Rights Division considered the refusal of bakers to
create cakes with images that conveyed disapproval of
same-sex marriage, along with religious text. Each time,
the Division found that the baker acted lawfully in refus-
ing service. It made these determinations because, in the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 15

Opinion of the Court

words of the Division, the requested cake included "word-
ing and images [the baker] deemed derogatory," Jack v.
Gateaux, Ltd., Charge No. P20140071X, at 4; featured
"language and images [the baker] deemed hateful," Jack v.
Le Bakery Sensual, Inc., Charge No. P20140070X, at 4; or
displayed a message the baker "deemed as discriminatory,
Jack v. Azucar Bakery, Charge No. P20140069X, at 4.
The treatment of the conscience-based objections at
issue in these three cases contrasts with the Commission's
treatment of Phillips' objection. The Commission ruled
against Phillips in part on the theory that any message
the requested wedding cake would carry would be at-
tributed to the customer, not to the baker. Yet the Divi-
sion did not address this point in any of the other cases
with respect to the cakes depicting anti-gay marriage
symbolism. Additionally, the Division found no violation
of CADA in the other cases in part because each bakery
was willing to sell other products, including those depict-
ing Christian themes, to the prospective customers. But
the Commission dismissed Phillips' willingness to sell
"birthday cakes, shower cakes, [and] cookies and brown-
ies," App. 152, to gay and lesbian customers as irrelevant.
The treatment of the other cases and Phillips' case could
reasonably be interpreted as being inconsistent as to the
question of whether speech is involved, quite apart from
whether the cases should ultimately be distinguished. In
short, the Commission's consideration of Phillips' religious
objection did not accord with its treatment of these other
objections.
Before the Colorado Court of Appeals, Phillips protested
that this disparity in treatment reflected hostility on the
part of the Commission toward his beliefs. He argued that
the Commission had treated the other bakers' conscience-
based objections as legitimate, but treated his as illegiti-
mate -- thus sitting in judgment of his religious beliefs
themselves. The Court of Appeals addressed the disparity
16 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

only in passing and relegated its complete analysis of the
issue to a footnote. There, the court stated that "[t]his
case is distinguishable from the Colorado Civil Rights
Division's recent findings that [the other bakeries] in
Denver did not discriminate against a Christian patron on
the basis of his creed" when they refused to create the
requested cakes. 370 P. 3d, at 282,. In those cases,
the court continued, there was no impermissible discrimi-
nation because "the Division found that the bakeries...
refuse[d] the patron's request... because of the offensive
nature of the requested message." Ibid.
A principled rationale for the difference in treatment of
these two instances cannot be based on the government's
own assessment of offensiveness. Just as "no official, high
or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics,
nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion," West
Virginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943),
it is not, as the Court has repeatedly held, the role of the
State or its officials to prescribe what shall be offensive.
See Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2017) (opinion of
ALITO, J.) ( -- 23). The Colorado court's at-
tempt to account for the difference in treatment elevates
one view of what is offensive over another and itself sends
a signal of official disapproval of Phillips' religious beliefs.
The court's footnote does not, therefore, answer the
baker's concern that the State's practice was to disfavor
the religious basis of his objection.
C
For the reasons just described, the Commission's treat-
ment of Phillips' case violated the State's duty under the
First Amendment not to base laws or regulations on hos-
tility to a religion or religious viewpoint.
In Church of Lukumi Babalu Aye, supra, the Court
made clear that the government, if it is to respect the
Constitution's guarantee of free exercise, cannot impose
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 17

Opinion of the Court

regulations that are hostile to the religious beliefs of af-
fected citizens and cannot act in a manner that passes
judgment upon or presupposes the illegitimacy of religious
beliefs and practices. The Free Exercise Clause bars even
"subtle departures from neutrality" on matters of religion.
Id., at 534. Here, that means the Commission was obliged
under the Free Exercise Clause to proceed in a manner
neutral toward and tolerant of Phillips' religious beliefs.
The Constitution "commits government itself to religious
tolerance, and upon even slight suspicion that proposals
for state intervention stem from animosity to religion or
distrust of its practices, all officials must pause to remem-
ber their own high duty to the Constitution and to the
rights it secures." Id., at 547.
Factors relevant to the assessment of governmental
neutrality include "the historical background of the deci-
sion under challenge, the specific series of events leading
to the enactment or official policy in question, and the
legislative or administrative history, including contempo-
raneous statements made by members of the decisionmak-
ing body." Id., at 540. In view of these factors the record
here demonstrates that the Commission's consideration of
Phillips' case was neither tolerant nor respectful of Phil-
lips' religious beliefs. The Commission gave "every ap-
pearance," id., at 545, of adjudicating Phillips' religious
objection based on a negative normative "evaluation of the
particular justification" for his objection and the religious
grounds for it. Id., at 537. It hardly requires restating
that government has no role in deciding or even suggest-
ing whether the religious ground for Phillips' conscience-
based objection is legitimate or illegitimate. On these
facts, the Court must draw the inference that Phillips'
religious objection was not considered with the neutrality
that the Free Exercise Clause requires.
While the issues here are difficult to resolve, it must be
concluded that the State's interest could have been
18 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of the Court 

weighed against Phillips' sincere religious objections in a
way consistent with the requisite religious neutrality that
must be strictly observed. The official expressions of
hostility to religion in some of the commissioners' com-
ments -- comments that were not disavowed at the Com-
mission or by the State at any point in the proceedings
that led to affirmance of the order -- were inconsistent with
what the Free Exercise Clause requires. The Commis-
sion's disparate consideration of Phillips' case compared to
the cases of the other bakers suggests the same. For these
reasons, the order must be set aside.
III
The Commission's hostility was inconsistent with the
First Amendment's guarantee that our laws be applied in
a manner that is neutral toward religion. Phillips was
entitled to a neutral decisionmaker who would give full
and fair consideration to his religious objection as he
sought to assert it in all of the circumstances in which this
case was presented, considered, and decided. In this case
the adjudication concerned a context that may well be
different going forward in the respects noted above. How-
ever later cases raising these or similar concerns are
resolved in the future, for these reasons the rulings of the
Commission and of the state court that enforced the
Commission's order must be invalidated.
The outcome of cases like this in other circumstances
must await further elaboration in the courts, all in the
context of recognizing that these disputes must be re-
solved with tolerance, without undue disrespect to sincere
religious beliefs, and without subjecting gay persons to
indignities when they seek goods and services in an open
market.
The judgment of the Colorado Court of Appeals is re-
versed.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

KAGAN, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE BREYER joins,
concurring.
"[I]t is a general rule that [religious and philosophical]
objections do not allow business owners and other actors
in the economy and in society to deny protected persons
equal access to goods and services under a neutral and
generally applicable public accommodations law." Ante, at
9. But in upholding that principle, state actors cannot
show hostility to religious views; rather, they must give
those views "neutral and respectful consideration." Ante,
at 12. I join the Court's opinion in full because I believe
the Colorado Civil Rights Commission did not satisfy that
obligation. I write separately to elaborate on one of the
bases for the Court's holding.
The Court partly relies on the "disparate consideration
of Phillips' case compared to the cases of [three] other
bakers" who "objected to a requested cake on the basis of
conscience." Ante, at 14, 18. In the latter cases, a customer
named William Jack sought "cakes with images that
conveyed disapproval of same-sex marriage, along with
religious text"; the bakers whom he approached refused to
make them. Ante, at 15; see post, at 3 (GINSBURG, J.,
dissenting) (further describing the requested cakes).
Those bakers prevailed before the Colorado Civil Rights
Division and Commission, while Phillips -- who objected for
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

KAGAN, J., concurring

religious reasons to baking a wedding cake for a same-sex
couple -- did not. The Court finds that the legal reasoning
of the state agencies differed in significant ways as be-
tween the Jack cases and the Phillips case. See ante, at
15. And the Court takes especial note of the suggestion
made by the Colorado Court of Appeals, in comparing
those cases, that the state agencies found the message
Jack requested "offensive [in] nature." Ante, at 16 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). As the Court states, a
"principled rationale for the difference in treatment" can-
not be "based on the government's own assessment of
offensiveness." Ibid.
What makes the state agencies' consideration yet more
disquieting is that a proper basis for distinguishing the
cases was available -- in fact, was obvious. The Colorado
Anti-Discrimination Act (CADA) makes it unlawful for a
place of public accommodation to deny "the full and equal
enjoyment" of goods and services to individuals based on
certain characteristics, including sexual orientation and
creed. Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 34 -- 601(2)(a) (2017). The three
bakers in the Jack cases did not violate that law. Jack
requested them to make a cake (one denigrating gay peo-
ple and same-sex marriage) that they would not have
made for any customer. In refusing that request, the
bakers did not single out Jack because of his religion, but
instead treated him in the same way they would have
treated anyone else -- just as CADA requires. By contrast,
the same-sex couple in this case requested a wedding cake
that Phillips would have made for an opposite-sex couple.
In refusing that request, Phillips contravened CADA's
demand that customers receive "the full and equal enjoy-
ment" of public accommodations irrespective of their
sexual orientation. Ibid. The different outcomes in the
Jack cases and the Phillips case could thus have been
justified by a plain reading and neutral application of
Colorado law -- untainted by any bias against a religious
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

KAGAN, J., concurring

belief.*
I read the Court's opinion as fully consistent with that
view. The Court limits its analysis to the reasoning of the
state agencies (and Court of Appeals) -- "quite apart from
whether the [Phillips and Jack] cases should ultimately be
distinguished." Ante, at 15. And the Court itself recognizes
the principle that would properly account for a difference
in result between those cases. Colorado law, the Court
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* JUSTICE GORSUCH disagrees. In his view, the Jack cases and the
Phillips case must be treated the same because the bakers in all those
cases "would not sell the requested cakes to anyone." Post, at 4. That
description perfectly fits the Jack cases -- and explains why the bakers
there did not engage in unlawful discrimination. But it is a surprising
characterization of the Phillips case, given that Phillips routinely sells
wedding cakes to opposite-sex couples. JUSTICE GORSUCH can make the
claim only because he does not think a "wedding cake" is the relevant
product. As JUSTICE GORSUCH sees it, the product that Phillips refused
to sell here -- and would refuse to sell to anyone -- was a "cake celebrat-
ing same-sex marriage." Ibid.; see post, at 3, 6, 8 -- 9. But that is wrong.
The cake requested was not a special "cake celebrating same-sex
marriage." It was simply a wedding cake -- one that (like other stand-
ard wedding cakes) is suitable for use at same-sex and opposite-sex
weddings alike. See ante, at 4 (majority opinion) (recounting that
Phillips did not so much as discuss the cake's design before he refused
to make it). And contrary to JUSTICE GORSUCH'S view, a wedding cake
does not become something different whenever a vendor like Phillips
invests its sale to particular customers with "religious significance."
Post, at 11. As this Court has long held, and reaffirms today, a vendor
cannot escape a public accommodations law because his religion disap-
proves selling a product to a group of customers, whether defined by
sexual orientation, race, sex, or other protected trait. See Newman v.
Piggie Park Enterprises, Inc., (1968) (per
curiam) (holding that a barbeque vendor must serve black customers
even if he perceives such service as vindicating racial equality, in
violation of his religious beliefs); ante, at 9. A vendor can choose the
products he sells, but not the customers he serves -- no matter the
reason. Phillips sells wedding cakes. As to that product, he unlawfully
discriminates: He sells it to opposite-sex but not to same-sex couples.
And on that basis -- which has nothing to do with Phillips' religious
beliefs -- Colorado could have distinguished Phillips from the bakers in
the Jack cases, who did not engage in any prohibited discrimination.
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

KAGAN, J., concurring

says, "can protect gay persons, just as it can protect other
classes of individuals, in acquiring whatever products and
services they choose on the same terms and conditions as
are offered to other members of the public." Ante, at 10.
For that reason, Colorado can treat a baker who discrimi-
nates based on sexual orientation differently from a baker
who does not discriminate on that or any other prohibited
ground. But only, as the Court rightly says, if the State's
decisions are not infected by religious hostility or bias. I
accordingly concur.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

GORSUCH, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE ALITO joins,
concurring.
In Employment Div., Dept. of Human Resources of Ore.
v. Smith, this Court held that a neutral and generally
applicable law will usually survive a constitutional free
exercise challenge. -- 879 (1990). Smith
remains controversial in many quarters. Compare
McConnell, The Origins and Historical Understanding of
Free Exercise of Religion, 103 Harv. L. Rev. 1409 (1990),
with Hamburger, A Constitutional Right of Religious
Exemption: An Historical Perspective, 60 Geo. Wash. L.
Rev. 915 (1992). But we know this with certainty: when
the government fails to act neutrally toward the free
exercise of religion, it tends to run into trouble. Then the
government can prevail only if it satisfies strict scrutiny,
showing that its restrictions on religion both serve a com-
pelling interest and are narrowly tailored. Church of
Lukumi Babalu Aye, Inc. v. Hialeah, 
(1993).
Today's decision respects these principles. As the Court
explains, the Colorado Civil Rights Commission failed to
act neutrally toward Jack Phillips's religious faith. Maybe
most notably, the Commission allowed three other bakers
to refuse a customer's request that would have required
them to violate their secular commitments. Yet it denied
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

the same accommodation to Mr. Phillips when he refused
a customer's request that would have required him to
violate his religious beliefs. Ante, at 14 -- 16. As the Court
also explains, the only reason the Commission seemed to
supply for its discrimination was that it found Mr. Phil-
lips's religious beliefs "offensive." Ibid. That kind of
judgmental dismissal of a sincerely held religious belief is,
of course, antithetical to the First Amendment and cannot
begin to satisfy strict scrutiny. The Constitution protects
not just popular religious exercises from the condemnation
of civil authorities. It protects them all. Because the
Court documents each of these points carefully and thor-
oughly, I am pleased to join its opinion in full.
The only wrinkle is this. In the face of so much evidence
suggesting hostility toward Mr. Phillips's sincerely held
religious beliefs, two of our colleagues have written sepa-
rately to suggest that the Commission acted neutrally
toward his faith when it treated him differently from the
other bakers -- or that it could have easily done so con-
sistent with the First Amendment. See post, at 4 -- 5, and
(GINSBURG, J., dissenting); ante, at 2 -- 3, and n.
(KAGAN, J., concurring). But, respectfully, I do not see
how we might rescue the Commission from its error.
A full view of the facts helps point the way to the prob-
lem. Start with William Jack's case. He approached three
bakers and asked them to prepare cakes with messages
disapproving same-sex marriage on religious grounds.
App. 233, 243, 252. All three bakers refused Mr. Jack's
request, stating that they found his request offensive to
their secular convictions. Id., at 231, 241, 250. Mr. Jack
responded by filing complaints with the Colorado Civil
Rights Division. Id., at 230, 240, 249. He pointed to
Colorado's Anti-Discrimination Act, which prohibits dis-
crimination against customers in public accommodations
because of religious creed, sexual orientation, or certain
other traits. See ibid.; Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 34 -- 601(2)(a)
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

GORSUCH, J., concurring

(2017). Mr. Jack argued that the cakes he sought reflected
his religious beliefs and that the bakers could not refuse to
make them just because they happened to disagree with
his beliefs. App. 231, 241, 250. But the Division declined
to find a violation, reasoning that the bakers didn't deny
Mr. Jack service because of his religious faith but because
the cakes he sought were offensive to their own moral
convictions. Id., at 237, 247, 255 -- 256. As proof, the Divi-
sion pointed to the fact that the bakers said they treated
Mr. Jack as they would have anyone who requested a cake
with similar messages, regardless of their religion. Id., at
230 -- 231, 240, 249. The Division pointed, as well, to the
fact that the bakers said they were happy to provide reli-
gious persons with other cakes expressing other ideas. Id.,
at 237, 247, 257. Mr. Jack appealed to the Colorado Civil
Rights Commission, but the Commission summarily de-
nied relief. App. to Pet. for Cert. 326a -- 331a.
Next, take the undisputed facts of Mr. Phillips's case.
Charlie Craig and Dave Mullins approached Mr. Phillips
about creating a cake to celebrate their wedding. App.
168. Mr. Phillips explained that he could not prepare a
cake celebrating a same-sex wedding consistent with his
religious faith. Id., at 168 -- 169. But Mr. Phillips offered
to make other baked goods for the couple, including cakes
celebrating other occasions. Ibid. Later, Mr. Phillips
testified without contradiction that he would have refused
to create a cake celebrating a same-sex marriage for any
customer, regardless of his or her sexual orientation. Id.,
at 166 -- 167 ("I will not design and create wedding cakes
for a same-sex wedding regardless of the sexual orienta-
tion of the customer"). And the record reveals that Mr.
Phillips apparently refused just such a request from Mr.
Craig's mother. Id., at 38 -- 40, 169. (Any suggestion that
Mr. Phillips was willing to make a cake celebrating a
same-sex marriage for a heterosexual customer or was not
willing to sell other products to a homosexual customer,
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

then, would simply mistake the undisputed factual record.
See post, at 4, (GINSBURG, J., dissenting); ante, at 2 -- 3,
and n. (KAGAN, J., concurring)). Nonetheless, the Com-
mission held that Mr. Phillips's conduct violated the Colo-
rado public accommodations law. App. to Pet. for Cert.
56a -- 58a.
The facts show that the two cases share all legally sa-
lient features. In both cases, the effect on the customer was
the same: bakers refused service to persons who bore a
statutorily protected trait (religious faith or sexual orien-
tation). But in both cases the bakers refused service
intending only to honor a personal conviction. To be sure,
the bakers knew their conduct promised the effect of leav-
ing a customer in a protected class unserved. But there's
no indication the bakers actually intended to refuse ser-
vice because of a customer's protected characteristic. We
know this because all of the bakers explained without
contradiction that they would not sell the requested cakes
to anyone, while they would sell other cakes to members of
the protected class (as well as to anyone else). So, for
example, the bakers in the first case would have refused to
sell a cake denigrating same-sex marriage to an atheist
customer, just as the baker in the second case would have
refused to sell a cake celebrating same-sex marriage to a
heterosexual customer. And the bakers in the first case
were generally happy to sell to persons of faith, just as the
baker in the second case was generally happy to sell to gay
persons. In both cases, it was the kind of cake, not the
kind of customer, that mattered to the bakers.
The distinction between intended and knowingly accepted
effects is familiar in life and law. Often the purposeful
pursuit of worthy commitments requires us to accept
unwanted but entirely foreseeable side effects: so, for
example, choosing to spend time with family means the
foreseeable loss of time for charitable work, just as opting
for more time in the office means knowingly forgoing time
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

GORSUCH, J., concurring

at home with loved ones. The law, too, sometimes distin-
guishes between intended and foreseeable effects. See,
e.g., ALI, Model Penal Code.13, 2.02(2)(a)(i) (1985); 1
W. LaFave, Substantive Criminal Law.2(b), pp. 460 -- 
463 (3d ed. 2018). Other times, of course, the law proceeds
differently, either conflating intent and knowledge or
presuming intent as a matter of law from a showing of
knowledge. See, e.g., Restatement (Second) of Torts 
(1965); Radio Officers v. NLRB, (1954).
The problem here is that the Commission failed to act
neutrally by applying a consistent legal rule. In Mr.
Jack's case, the Commission chose to distinguish carefully
between intended and knowingly accepted effects. Even
though the bakers knowingly denied service to someone in
a protected class, the Commission found no violation
because the bakers only intended to distance themselves
from "the offensive nature of the requested message."
Craig v. Masterpiece Cakeshop, Inc., 370 P. 3d 272, 282,
(Colo. App. 2015); App. 237, 247, 256; App. to Pet. for
Cert. 326a -- 331a; see also Brief for Respondent Colorado
Civil Rights Commission 52 ("Businesses are entitled to
reject orders for any number of reasons, including because
they deem a particular product requested by a customer to
be 'offensive' "). Yet, in Mr. Phillips's case, the Commis-
sion dismissed this very same argument as resting on a
"distinction without a difference." App. to Pet. for Cert.
69a. It concluded instead that an "intent to disfavor" a
protected class of persons should be "readily... pre-
sumed" from the knowing failure to serve someone who
belongs to that class. Id., at 70a. In its judgment, Mr.
Phillips's intentions were "inextricably tied to the sexual
orientation of the parties involved" and essentially "irra-
tional." Ibid.
Nothing in the Commission's opinions suggests any
neutral principle to reconcile these holdings. If Mr. Phil-
lips's objection is "inextricably tied" to a protected class,
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

then the bakers' objection in Mr. Jack's case must be
"inextricably tied" to one as well. For just as cakes cele-
brating same-sex weddings are (usually) requested by
persons of a particular sexual orientation, so too are cakes
expressing religious opposition to same-sex weddings
(usually) requested by persons of particular religious
faiths. In both cases the bakers' objection would (usually)
result in turning down customers who bear a protected
characteristic. In the end, the Commission's decisions
simply reduce to this: it presumed that Mr. Phillip har-
bored an intent to discriminate against a protected class in
light of the foreseeable effects of his conduct, but it de-
clined to presume the same intent in Mr. Jack's case even
though the effects of the bakers' conduct were just as
foreseeable. Underscoring the double standard, a state
appellate court said that "no such showing" of actual
"animus" -- or intent to discriminate against persons in a
protected class -- was even required in Mr. Phillips's case.
370 P. 3d, at 282.
The Commission cannot have it both ways. The Com-
mission cannot slide up and down the mens rea scale,
picking a mental state standard to suit its tastes depend-
ing on its sympathies. Either actual proof of intent to
discriminate on the basis of membership in a protected
class is required (as the Commission held in Mr. Jack's
case), or it is sufficient to "presume" such intent from the
knowing failure to serve someone in a protected class (as
the Commission held in Mr. Phillips's case). Perhaps the
Commission could have chosen either course as an initial
matter. But the one thing it can't do is apply a more
generous legal test to secular objections than religious
ones. See Church of Lukumi Babalu Aye, 508 U. S., at
543 -- 544. That is anything but the neutral treatment of
religion.
The real explanation for the Commission's discrimina-
tion soon comes clear, too -- and it does anything but help
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

GORSUCH, J., concurring

its cause. This isn't a case where the Commission self-
consciously announced a change in its legal rule in all
public accommodation cases. Nor is this a case where the
Commission offered some persuasive reason for its dis-
crimination that might survive strict scrutiny. Instead, as
the Court explains, it appears the Commission wished to
condemn Mr. Phillips for expressing just the kind of "irra-
tional" or "offensive... message" that the bakers in the
first case refused to endorse. Ante, at 16. Many may
agree with the Commission and consider Mr. Phillips's
religious beliefs irrational or offensive. Some may believe
he misinterprets the teachings of his faith. And, to be
sure, this Court has held same-sex marriage a matter of
constitutional right and various States have enacted laws
that preclude discrimination on the basis of sexual orien-
tation. But it is also true that no bureaucratic judgment
condemning a sincerely held religious belief as "irrational"
or "offensive" will ever survive strict scrutiny under the
First Amendment. In this country, the place of secular
officials isn't to sit in judgment of religious beliefs, but
only to protect their free exercise. Just as it is the "proud-
est boast of our free speech jurisprudence" that we protect
speech that we hate, it must be the proudest boast of our
free exercise jurisprudence that we protect religious be-
liefs that we find offensive. See Matal v. Tam, 582 U. S.
___, ___ (2017) (plurality opinion) 
(Holmes, J., dissenting)). Popular religious views are easy
enough to defend. It is in protecting unpopular religious
beliefs that we prove this country's commitment to serving
as a refuge for religious freedom. See Church of Lukumi
Babalu Aye, supra, at 547; Thomas v. Review Bd. of Indi-
ana Employment Security Div., -- 716
(1981); Wisconsin v. Yoder, -- 224 (1972);
Cantwell v. Connecticut, -- 310 (1940).
Nor can any amount of after-the-fact maneuvering by
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

our colleagues save the Commission. It is no answer, for
example, to observe that Mr. Jack requested a cake with
text on it while Mr. Craig and Mr. Mullins sought a cake
celebrating their wedding without discussing its decora-
tion, and then suggest this distinction makes all the dif-
ference. See post, at 4 -- 5, and (GINSBURG, J., dissent-
ing). It is no answer either simply to slide up a level of
generality to redescribe Mr. Phillips's case as involving
only a wedding cake like any other, so the fact that Mr.
Phillips would make one for some means he must make
them for all. See ante, at 2 -- 3, and n. (KAGAN, J., concur-
ring). These arguments, too, fail to afford Mr. Phillips's
faith neutral respect.
Take the first suggestion first. To suggest that cakes
with words convey a message but cakes without words do
not -- all in order to excuse the bakers in Mr. Jack's case
while penalizing Mr. Phillips -- is irrational. Not even the
Commission or court of appeals purported to rely on that
distinction. Imagine Mr. Jack asked only for a cake with a
symbolic expression against same-sex marriage rather
than a cake bearing words conveying the same idea.
Surely the Commission would have approved the bakers'
intentional wish to avoid participating in that message
too. Nor can anyone reasonably doubt that a wedding
cake without words conveys a message. Words or not and
whatever the exact design, it celebrates a wedding, and if
the wedding cake is made for a same-sex couple it cele-
brates a same-sex wedding. See 370 P. 3d, at 276 (stating
that Mr. Craig and Mr. Mullins "requested that Phillips
design and create a cake to celebrate their same-sex wed-
ding"). Like "an emblem or flag," a cake
for a same-sex wedding is a symbol that serves as "a short
cut from mind to mind," signifying approval of a specific
"system, idea, [or] institution." West Virginia Bd. of Ed. v.
Barnette, (1943). It is precisely that
approval that Mr. Phillips intended to withhold in keeping
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

GORSUCH, J., concurring

with his religious faith. The Commission denied Mr.
Phillips that choice, even as it afforded the bakers in Mr.
Jack's case the choice to refuse to advance a message they
deemed offensive to their secular commitments. That is
not neutral.
Nor would it be proper for this or any court to suggest
that a person must be forced to write words rather than
create a symbol before his religious faith is implicated.
Civil authorities, whether "high or petty," bear no license
to declare what is or should be "orthodox" when it comes to
religious beliefs, id., at 642, or whether an adherent has
"correctly perceived" the commands of his religion, Thomas,
supra, at 716. Instead, it is our job to look beyond the
formality of written words and afford legal protection to
any sincere act of faith. See generally Hurley v. Irish-
American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston,
Inc., (1995) ("[T]he Constitution looks
beyond written or spoken words as mediums of ex-
pression," which are "not a condition of constitutional
protection").
The second suggestion fares no better. Suggesting that
this case is only about "wedding cakes" -- and not a wed-
ding cake celebrating a same-sex wedding -- actually points
up the problem. At its most general level, the cake at
issue in Mr. Phillips's case was just a mixture of flour and
eggs; at its most specific level, it was a cake celebrating
the same-sex wedding of Mr. Craig and Mr. Mullins. We
are told here, however, to apply a sort of Goldilocks rule:
describing the cake by its ingredients is too general; un-
derstanding it as celebrating a same-sex wedding is too
specific; but regarding it as a generic wedding cake is just
right. The problem is, the Commission didn't play with
the level of generality in Mr. Jack's case in this way. It
didn't declare, for example, that because the cakes Mr.
Jack requested were just cakes about weddings generally,
and all such cakes were the same, the bakers had to pro-
10 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

duce them. Instead, the Commission accepted the bakers'
view that the specific cakes Mr. Jack requested conveyed a
message offensive to their convictions and allowed them to
refuse service. Having done that there, it must do the
same here.
Any other conclusion would invite civil authorities to
gerrymander their inquiries based on the parties they
prefer. Why calibrate the level of generality in Mr. Phil-
lips's case at "wedding cakes" exactly -- and not at, say,
"cakes" more generally or "cakes that convey a message
regarding same-sex marriage" more specifically? If
"cakes" were the relevant level of generality, the Commis-
sion would have to order the bakers to make Mr. Jack's
requested cakes just as it ordered Mr. Phillips to make the
requested cake in his case. Conversely, if "cakes that
convey a message regarding same-sex marriage" were the
relevant level of generality, the Commission would have to
respect Mr. Phillips's refusal to make the requested cake
just as it respected the bakers' refusal to make the cakes
Mr. Jack requested. In short, when the same level of
generality is applied to both cases, it is no surprise that
the bakers have to be treated the same. Only by adjusting
the dials just right -- fine-tuning the level of generality up
or down for each case based solely on the identity of the
parties and the substance of their views -- can you engi-
neer the Commission's outcome, handing a win to Mr.
Jack's bakers but delivering a loss to Mr. Phillips. Such
results-driven reasoning is improper. Neither the Com-
mission nor this Court may apply a more specific level of
generality in Mr. Jack's case (a cake that conveys a mes-
sage regarding same-sex marriage) while applying a higher
level of generality in Mr. Phillips's case (a cake that
conveys no message regarding same-sex marriage). Of
course, under Smith a vendor cannot escape a public
accommodations law just because his religion frowns on it.
But for any law to comply with the First Amendment and
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

GORSUCH, J., concurring

Smith, it must be applied in a manner that treats religion
with neutral respect. That means the government must
apply the same level of generality across cases -- and that
did not happen here.
There is another problem with sliding up the generality
scale: it risks denying constitutional protection to religious
beliefs that draw distinctions more specific than the gov-
ernment's preferred level of description. To some, all
wedding cakes may appear indistinguishable. But to Mr.
Phillips that is not the case -- his faith teaches him other-
wise. And his religious beliefs are entitled to no less
respectful treatment than the bakers' secular beliefs in
Mr. Jack's case. This Court has explained these same
points "[r]epeatedly and in many different contexts" over
many years. Smith, 494 U. S. at 887. For example, in
Thomas a faithful Jehovah's Witness and steel mill worker
agreed to help manufacture sheet steel he knew might
find its way into armaments, but he was unwilling to work
on a fabrication line producing tank turrets. 450 U. S., at
711. Of course, the line Mr. Thomas drew wasn't the same
many others would draw and it wasn't even the same line
many other members of the same faith would draw. Even
so, the Court didn't try to suggest that making steel is just
making steel. Or that to offend his religion the steel
needed to be of a particular kind or shape. Instead, it
recognized that Mr. Thomas alone was entitled to define
the nature of his religious commitments -- and that those
commitments, as defined by the faithful adherent, not a
bureaucrat or judge, are entitled to protection under the
First Amendment. Id., at 714 -- 716; see also United States
v. Lee, -- 255 (1982); Smith, supra, at 887
(collecting authorities). It is no more appropriate for the
United States Supreme Court to tell Mr. Phillips that a
wedding cake is just like any other -- without regard to the
religious significance his faith may attach to it -- than it
would be for the Court to suggest that for all persons
12 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GORSUCH, J., concurring

sacramental bread is just bread or a kippah is just a cap.
Only one way forward now remains. Having failed to
afford Mr. Phillips's religious objections neutral considera-
tion and without any compelling reason for its failure, the
Commission must afford him the same result it afforded
the bakers in Mr. Jack's case. The Court recognizes this
by reversing the judgment below and holding that the
Commission's order "must be set aside." Ante, at 18.
Maybe in some future rulemaking or case the Commission
could adopt a new "knowing" standard for all refusals of
service and offer neutral reasons for doing so. But, as the
Court observes, "[h]owever later cases raising these or
similar concerns are resolved in the future,... the rulings
of the Commission and of the state court that enforced the
Commission's order" in this case "must be invalidated."
Ibid. Mr. Phillips has conclusively proven a First
Amendment violation and, after almost six years facing
unlawful civil charges, he is entitled to judgment.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring in part and concurring in the judgment.
I agree that the Colorado Civil Rights Commission
(Commission) violated Jack Phillips' right to freely exer­
cise his religion. As JUSTICE GORSUCH explains, the
Commission treated Phillips' case differently from a simi­
lar case involving three other bakers, for reasons that can
only be explained by hostility toward Phillips' religion.
See ante, at 2 -- 7 (concurring opinion). The Court agrees
that the Commission treated Phillips differently, and it
points out that some of the Commissioners made com­
ments disparaging Phillips' religion. See ante, at 12 -- 16.
Although the Commissioners' comments are certainly
disturbing, the discriminatory application of Colorado's
public-accommodations law is enough on its own to violate
Phillips' rights. To the extent the Court agrees, I join its
opinion.
While Phillips rightly prevails on his free-exercise claim,
I write separately to address his free-speech claim. The
Court does not address this claim because it has some
uncertainties about the record. See ante, at 2. Specifically,
the parties dispute whether Phillips refused to create a
custom wedding cake for the individual respondents, or
whether he refused to sell them any wedding cake (includ­
ing a premade one). But the Colorado Court of Appeals
2 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

resolved this factual dispute in Phillips' favor. The court
described his conduct as a refusal to "design and create a
cake to celebrate [a] same-sex wedding." Craig v. Master-
piece Cakeshop, Inc., 370 P. 3d 272, 276 (2015); see also
id., at 286 ("designing and selling a wedding cake"); id., at
283 ("refusing to create a wedding cake"). And it noted
that the Commission's order required Phillips to sell " 'any
product [he] would sell to heterosexual couples,' " including
custom wedding cakes. Id., at 286.
Even after describing his conduct this way, the Court of
Appeals concluded that Phillips' conduct was not expres­
sive and was not protected speech. It reasoned that an
outside observer would think that Phillips was merely
complying with Colorado's public-accommodations law, not
expressing a message, and that Phillips could post a dis­
claimer to that effect. This reasoning flouts bedrock prin­
ciples of our free-speech jurisprudence and would justify
virtually any law that compels individuals to speak. It
should not pass without comment.
I
The First Amendment, applicable to the States through
the Fourteenth Amendment, prohibits state laws that
abridge the "freedom of speech." When interpreting this
command, this Court has distinguished between regula­
tions of speech and regulations of conduct. The latter
generally do not abridge the freedom of speech, even if
they impose "incidental burdens" on expression. Sorrell v.
IMS Health Inc., (2011). As the Court
explains today, public-accommodations laws usually regu­
late conduct. Ante, at 9 -- 10 ). "[A]s a general matter,"
public-accommodations laws do not "target speech" but
instead prohibit "the act of discriminating against individ­
uals in the provision of publicly available goods, privileges,
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

and services." Id., at 572.
Although public-accommodations laws generally regu­
late conduct, particular applications of them can burden
protected speech. When a public-accommodations law
"ha[s] the effect of declaring... speech itself to be the
public accommodation," the First Amendment applies with
full force. Id., at 573; accord, Boy Scouts of America v.
Dale, -- 659 (2000). In Hurley, for exam­
ple, a Massachusetts public-accommodations law prohib-
ited " 'any distinction, discrimination or restriction on ac­
count of... sexual orientation... relative to the admis­
sion of any person to, or treatment in any place of public
accommodation.' " 515 U. S., at 561 ; ellipsis in original). When this law
required the sponsor of a St. Patrick's Day parade to
include a parade unit of gay, lesbian, and bisexual Irish-
Americans, the Court unanimously held that the law
violated the sponsor's right to free speech. Parades are "a
form of expression," this Court explained, and the applica­
tion of the public-accommodations law "alter[ed] the ex­
pressive content" of the parade by forcing the sponsor to
add a new unit. 515 U. S., at 568, 572 -- 573. The addition
of that unit compelled the organizer to "bear witness to the
fact that some Irish are gay, lesbian, or bisexual"; "suggest... that people of their sexual orientation have as much
claim to unqualified social acceptance as heterosexuals";
and imply that their participation "merits celebration."
Id., at 574. While this Court acknowledged that the unit's
exclusion might have been "misguided, or even hurtful,"
ibid., it rejected the notion that governments can mandate
"thoughts and statements acceptable to some groups or,
indeed, all people" as the "antithesis" of free speech, id., at
579; accord, Dale, supra, at 660 -- 661.
The parade in Hurley was an example of what this
Court has termed "expressive conduct." See 515 U. S., at
568 -- 569. This Court has long held that "the Constitution
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

looks beyond written or spoken words as mediums of
expression," id., at 569, and that "[s]ymbolism is a primi­
tive but effective way of communicating ideas," West Vir-
ginia Bd. of Ed. v. Barnette, (1943).
Thus, a person's "conduct may be 'sufficiently imbued with
elements of communication to fall within the scope of the
First and Fourteenth Amendments.' " Texas v. Johnson,
(1989). Applying this principle, the
Court has recognized a wide array of conduct that can
qualify as expressive, including nude dancing, burning the
American flag, flying an upside-down American flag with
a taped-on peace sign, wearing a military uniform, wear­
ing a black armband, conducting a silent sit-in, refusing to
salute the American flag, and flying a plain red flag.1
Of course, conduct does not qualify as protected speech
simply because "the person engaging in [it] intends thereby
to express an idea." United States v. O'Brien, (1968). To determine whether conduct is suffi­
ciently expressive, the Court asks whether it was "intended
to be communicative" and, "in context, would reasona-
bly be understood by the viewer to be communicative."
Clark v. Community for Creative Non-Violence, (1984). But a " 'particularized message' " is not
required, or else the freedom of speech "would never reach
the unquestionably shielded painting of Jackson Pollock,
music of Arnold Schöenberg, or Jabberwocky verse of
Lewis Carroll." Hurley, 515 U. S., at 569.
Once a court concludes that conduct is expressive, the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Barnes
v. Glen Theatre, Inc., -- 566 (1991); Texas v.
Johnson, -- 406 (1989); Spence v. Washington, 409 -- 411 (1974) (per curiam); Schacht v. United States,
-- 63 (1970); Tinker v. Des Moines Independent Commu-
nity School Dist., -- 506 (1969); Brown v. Louisiana,
-- 142 (1966) (opinion of Fortas, J.); West Virginia Bd.
of Ed. v. Barnette, -- 634 (1943); Stromberg v. Califor-
nia, 369 (1931).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Constitution limits the government's authority to restrict
or compel it. "[O]ne important manifestation of the prin­
ciple of free speech is that one who chooses to speak may
also decide 'what not to say' " and "tailor" the content of his
message as he sees fit. Id., at 573 (plurality opinion)). This rule "applies not only to
expressions of value, opinion, or endorsement, but equally
to statements of fact the speaker would rather avoid."
Hurley, supra, at 573. And it "makes no difference"
whether the government is regulating the "creati[on],
distributi[on], or consum[ption]" of the speech. Brown v.
Entertainment Merchants Assn., (2011).
II

A

The conduct that the Colorado Court of Appeals ascribed
to Phillips -- creating and designing custom wedding
cakes -- is expressive. Phillips considers himself an artist.
The logo for Masterpiece Cakeshop is an artist's paint
palate with a paintbrush and baker's whisk. Behind the
counter Phillips has a picture that depicts him as an artist
painting on a canvas. Phillips takes exceptional care with
each cake that he creates -- sketching the design out on
paper, choosing the color scheme, creating the frosting and
decorations, baking and sculpting the cake, decorating it,
and delivering it to the wedding. Examples of his crea­
tions can be seen on Masterpiece's website. See
http://masterpiececakes.com/wedding-cakes (as last visited
June 1, 2018).
Phillips is an active participant in the wedding celebra­
tion. He sits down with each couple for a consultation
before he creates their custom wedding cake. He discusses
their preferences, their personalities, and the details of
their wedding to ensure that each cake reflects the couple
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

who ordered it. In addition to creating and delivering the
cake -- a focal point of the wedding celebration -- Phillips
sometimes stays and interacts with the guests at the
wedding. And the guests often recognize his creations and
seek his bakery out afterward. Phillips also sees the
inherent symbolism in wedding cakes. To him, a wedding
cake inherently communicates that "a wedding has oc­
curred, a marriage has begun, and the couple should be
celebrated." App. 162.
Wedding cakes do, in fact, communicate this message.
A tradition from Victorian England that made its way to
America after the Civil War, "[w]edding cakes are so
packed with symbolism that it is hard to know where to
begin." M. Krondl, Sweet Invention: A History of Dessert
321 (2011) (Krondl); see also ibid. (explaining the symbol­
ism behind the color, texture, flavor, and cutting of the
cake). If an average person walked into a room and saw a
white, multi-tiered cake, he would immediately know that
he had stumbled upon a wedding. The cake is "so stand­
ardised and inevitable a part of getting married that few
ever think to question it." Charsley, Interpretation and
Custom: The Case of the Wedding Cake, 22 Man 93, 95
(1987). Almost no wedding, no matter how spartan, is
missing the cake. See id., at 98. "A whole series of events
expected in the context of a wedding would be impossible
without it: an essential photograph, the cutting, the toast,
and the distribution of both cake and favours at the wed­
ding and afterwards." Ibid. Although the cake is eventu­
ally eaten, that is not its primary purpose. See id., at 95
("It is not unusual to hear people declaring that they do
not like wedding cake, meaning that they do not like to eat
it. This includes people who are, without question, having
such cakes for their weddings"); id., at 97 ("Nothing is
made of the eating itself "); Krondl 320 -- 321 (explaining
that wedding cakes have long been described as "inedi­
ble"). The cake's purpose is to mark the beginning of a
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

new marriage and to celebrate the couple.2
Accordingly, Phillips' creation of custom wedding cakes
is expressive. The use of his artistic talents to create a
well-recognized symbol that celebrates the beginning of a
marriage clearly communicates a message -- certainly
more so than nude dancing, Barnes v. Glen Theatre, Inc.,
-- 566 (1991), or flying a plain red flag,
Stromberg v. California, (1931).3 By
forcing Phillips to create custom wedding cakes for same­
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The Colorado Court of Appeals acknowledged that "a wedding cake,
in some circumstances, may convey a particularized message celebrat­
ing same-sex marriage," depending on its "design" and whether it has
"written inscriptions." Craig v. Masterpiece Cakeshop, Inc., 370 P. 3d
272, 288 (2015). But a wedding cake needs no particular design or
written words to communicate the basic message that a wedding is
occurring, a marriage has begun, and the couple should be celebrated.
Wedding cakes have long varied in color, decorations, and style, but
those differences do not prevent people from recognizing wedding cakes
as wedding cakes. See Charsley, Interpretation and Custom: The Case
of the Wedding Cake, 22 Man 93, 96 (1987). And regardless, the
Commission's order does not distinguish between plain wedding cakes
and wedding cakes with particular designs or inscriptions; it requires
Phillips to make any wedding cake for a same-sex wedding that he
would make for an opposite-sex wedding.
3 The dissent faults Phillips for not "submitting... evidence" that

wedding cakes communicate a message. Post, at 2, (opinion of
GINSBURG, J.). But this requirement finds no support in our prece­
dents. This Court did not insist that the parties submit evidence
detailing the expressive nature of parades, flags, or nude dancing. See
Hurley v. Irish-American Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Group of Boston,
Inc., -- 570 (1995); Spence, 418 U. S., at 410 -- 411;
Barnes, 501 U. S., at 565 -- 566. And we do not need extensive evidence
here to conclude that Phillips' artistry is expressive, see Hurley, 515
U. S., at 569, or that wedding cakes at least communicate the basic fact
that "this is a wedding," see id., at 573 -- 575. Nor does it matter that
the couple also communicates a message through the cake. More than
one person can be engaged in protected speech at the same time. See
id., at 569 -- 570. And by forcing him to provide the cake, Colorado is
requiring Phillips to be "intimately connected" with the couple's speech,
which is enough to implicate his First Amendment rights. See id., at
576.
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

sex weddings, Colorado's public-accommodations law
"alter[s] the expressive content" of his message. Hurley,
515 U. S., at 572. The meaning of expressive conduct, this
Court has explained, depends on "the context in which it
occur[s]." Johnson, 491 U. S., at 405. Forcing Phillips to
make custom wedding cakes for same-sex marriages re­
quires him to, at the very least, acknowledge that same-
sex weddings are "weddings" and suggest that they should
be celebrated -- the precise message he believes his faith
forbids. The First Amendment prohibits Colorado from
requiring Phillips to "bear witness to [these] fact[s],"
Hurley, 515 U. S., at 574, or to "affir[m]... a belief with
which [he] disagrees," id., at 573.
B
The Colorado Court of Appeals nevertheless concluded
that Phillips' conduct was "not sufficiently expressive" to
be protected from state compulsion. 370 P. 3d, at 283. It
noted that a reasonable observer would not view Phillips'
conduct as "an endorsement of same-sex marriage," but
rather as mere "compliance" with Colorado's public-
accommodations law. Id., at 286 -- 287 (FAIR); Rosenberger v. Rector and
Visitors of Univ. of Va., -- 842 (1995);
PruneYard Shopping Center v. Robins, -- 78
(1980)). It also emphasized that Masterpiece could "disas­
sociat[e]" itself from same-sex marriage by posting a "dis­
claimer" stating that Colorado law "requires it not to
discriminate" or that "the provision of its services does not
constitute an endorsement." 370 P. 3d, at 288. This rea­
soning is badly misguided.
1
The Colorado Court of Appeals was wrong to conclude
that Phillips' conduct was not expressive because a rea­
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

sonable observer would think he is merely complying with
Colorado's public-accommodations law. This argument
would justify any law that compelled protected speech.
And, this Court has never accepted it. From the begin­
ning, this Court's compelled-speech precedents have re­
jected arguments that "would resolve every issue of power
in favor of those in authority." Barnette, 319 U. S., at 636.
Hurley, for example, held that the application of Massa­
chusetts' public-accommodations law "requir[ed] [the
organizers] to alter the expressive content of their pa­
rade." 515 U. S., at 572 -- 573. It did not hold that reason­
able observers would view the organizers as merely com­
plying with Massachusetts' public-accommodations law.
The decisions that the Colorado Court of Appeals cited
for this proposition are far afield. It cited three decisions
where groups objected to being forced to provide a forum
for a third party's speech. See FAIR, supra, at 51 (law
school refused to allow military recruiters on campus);
Rosenberger, supra, at 822 -- 823 (public university refused
to provide funds to a religious student paper); PruneYard,
supra, at 77 (shopping center refused to allow individuals
to collect signatures on its property). In those decisions,
this Court rejected the argument that requiring the
groups to provide a forum for third-party speech also
required them to endorse that speech. See FAIR, supra, at
63 -- 65; Rosenberger, supra, at 841 -- 842; PruneYard, supra,
at 85 -- 88. But these decisions do not suggest that the
government can force speakers to alter their own message.
See Pacific Gas & Elec., 475 U. S., at 12 ("Notably absent
from PruneYard was any concern that access... might
affect the shopping center owner's exercise of his own
right to speak"); Hurley, supra, at 580 (similar).
The Colorado Court of Appeals also noted that Master­
piece is a "for-profit bakery" that "charges its customers."
370 P. 3d, at 287. But this Court has repeatedly rejected
the notion that a speaker's profit motive gives the gov­
10 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

ernment a freer hand in compelling speech. See Pacific
Gas & Elec., supra, at 8, 16 (collecting cases); Virginia Bd.
of Pharmacy v. Virginia Citizens Consumer Council, Inc.,
(1976) (deeming it "beyond serious
dispute" that "[s]peech... is protected even though it is
carried in a form that is 'sold' for profit"). Further, even
assuming that most for-profit companies prioritize maxim­
izing profits over communicating a message, that is not
true for Masterpiece Cakeshop. Phillips routinely sacri-
fices profits to ensure that Masterpiece operates in a way
that represents his Christian faith. He is not open on
Sundays, he pays his employees a higher-than-average
wage, and he loans them money in times of need. Phillips
also refuses to bake cakes containing alcohol, cakes with
racist or homophobic messages, cakes criticizing God, and
cakes celebrating Halloween -- even though Halloween is
one of the most lucrative seasons for bakeries. These
efforts to exercise control over the messages that Master­
piece sends are still more evidence that Phillips' conduct is
expressive. See Miami Herald Publishing Co. v. Tornillo,
-- 258 (1974); Walker v. Texas Div., Sons
of Confederate Veterans, Inc., 576 U. S. ___, ___ (2015).
2
The Colorado Court of Appeals also erred by suggesting
that Phillips could simply post a disclaimer, disassociating
Masterpiece from any support for same-sex marriage.
Again, this argument would justify any law compelling
speech. And again, this Court has rejected it. We have
described similar arguments as "beg[ging] the core ques­
tion." Tornillo, supra, at 256. Because the government
cannot compel speech, it also cannot "require speakers to
affirm in one breath that which they deny in the next."
Pacific Gas & Elec., 475 U. S., at 16; see also id., at 15,
11

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

curring in part and concurring in judgment)). States
cannot put individuals to the choice of "be[ing] compelled
to affirm someone else's belief " or "be[ing] forced to speak
when [they] would prefer to remain silent." Id., at 99.
III
Because Phillips' conduct (as described by the Colorado
Court of Appeals) was expressive, Colorado's public-
accommodations law cannot penalize it unless the law
withstands strict scrutiny. Although this Court some­
times reviews regulations of expressive conduct under the
more lenient test articulated in O'Brien,4 that test does not
apply unless the government would have punished the
conduct regardless of its expressive component. See, e.g.,
Barnes, 501 U. S., at 566 -- 572 (applying O'Brien to evalu­
ate the application of a general nudity ban to nude danc­
ing); Clark, 468 U. S., at 293 (applying O'Brien to evaluate
the application of a general camping ban to a demonstra­
tion in the park). Here, however, Colorado would not be
punishing Phillips if he refused to create any custom
wedding cakes; it is punishing him because he refuses to
create custom wedding cakes that express approval of
same-sex marriage. In cases like this one, our precedents
demand " 'the most exacting scrutiny.' " Johnson, 491
U. S., at 412; accord, Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project,
(2010).
The Court of Appeals did not address whether Colo­
rado's law survives strict scrutiny, and I will not do so in
the first instance. There is an obvious flaw, however, with
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 "[A] government regulation [of expressive conduct] is sufficiently

justified if it is within the constitutional power of the Government; if it
furthers an important or substantial governmental interest; if the
governmental interest is unrelated to the suppression of free expres­
sion; and if the incidental restriction on alleged First Amendment
freedoms is no greater than is essential to the furtherance of that
interest." United States v. O'Brien, (1968).
12 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

one of the asserted justifications for Colorado's law. Ac­
cording to the individual respondents, Colorado can com­
pel Phillips' speech to prevent him from " 'denigrat[ing] the
dignity' " of same-sex couples, " 'assert[ing] [their] inferior-
ity,' " and subjecting them to " 'humiliation, frustration, and
embarrassment.' " Brief for Respondents Craig et al. 39
; Heart of Atlanta Motel, Inc. v. United States,
(1964) (Goldberg, J., concurring)).
These justifications are completely foreign to our free-
speech jurisprudence.
States cannot punish protected speech because some
group finds it offensive, hurtful, stigmatic, unreasonable,
or undignified. "If there is a bedrock principle underlying
the First Amendment, it is that the government may not
prohibit the expression of an idea simply because society
finds the idea itself offensive or disagreeable." Johnson,
supra, at 414. A contrary rule would allow the govern­
ment to stamp out virtually any speech at will. See Morse
v. Frederick, (2007) ("After all, much
political and religious speech might be perceived as offen­
sive to some"). As the Court reiterates today, "it is not...
the role of the State or its officials to prescribe what shall
be offensive." Ante, at 16. " 'Indeed, if it is the speaker's
opinion that gives offense, that consequence is a reason for
according it constitutional protection.' " Hustler Magazine,
Inc. v. Falwell, (1988); accord, Johnson,
supra, at 408 -- 409. If the only reason a public-
accommodations law regulates speech is "to produce a
society free of... biases" against the protected groups,
that purpose is "decidedly fatal" to the law's constitution­
ality, "for it amounts to nothing less than a proposal to
limit speech in the service of orthodox expression." Hur-
ley, 515 U. S., at 578 -- 579; see also United States v. Play-
boy Entertainment Group, Inc., (2000)
("Where the designed benefit of a content-based speech
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

restriction is to shield the sensibilities of listeners, the
general rule is that the right of expression prevails"). "[A]
speech burden based on audience reactions is simply
government hostility... in a different guise." Matal v.
Tam, 582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017) (KENNEDY, J., concurring in
part and concurring in judgment).
Consider what Phillips actually said to the individual
respondents in this case. After sitting down with them for
a consultation, Phillips told the couple, " 'I'll make your
birthday cakes, shower cakes, sell you cookies and brown­
ies, I just don't make cakes for same sex weddings.' " App.
168. It is hard to see how this statement stigmatizes gays
and lesbians more than blocking them from marching in a
city parade, dismissing them from the Boy Scouts, or
subjecting them to signs that say "God Hates Fags" -- all of
which this Court has deemed protected by the First
Amendment. See Hurley, supra, at 574 -- 575; Dale, 530
U. S., at 644; Snyder v. Phelps, (2011).
Moreover, it is also hard to see how Phillips' statement is
worse than the racist, demeaning, and even threatening
speech toward blacks that this Court has tolerated in
previous decisions. Concerns about "dignity" and "stigma"
did not carry the day when this Court affirmed the right of
white supremacists to burn a 25-foot cross, Virginia v.
Black, (2003); conduct a rally on Martin
Luther King Jr.'s birthday, Forsyth County v. Nationalist
Movement, (1992); or circulate a film featur­
ing hooded Klan members who were brandishing weapons
and threatening to " 'Bury the niggers,' " Brandenburg v.
Ohio, (1969) (per curiam).
Nor does the fact that this Court has now decided Ober-
gefell v. Hodges, 576 U. S. ___ (2015), somehow diminish
Phillips' right to free speech. "It is one thing... to con­
clude that the Constitution protects a right to same-sex
marriage; it is something else to portray everyone who
does not share [that view] as bigoted" and unentitled to
14 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

Opinion of THOMAS, J. 

express a different view. Id., at ___ (ROBERTS, C. J., dis­
senting). This Court is not an authority on
matters of conscience, and its decisions can (and often
should) be criticized. The First Amendment gives individ­
uals the right to disagree about the correctness of Oberge-
fell and the morality of same-sex marriage. Obergefell
itself emphasized that the traditional understanding of
marriage "long has been held -- and continues to be held -- 
in good faith by reasonable and sincere people here and
throughout the world." Id., at ___ (majority opinion). If Phillips' continued adherence to that under­
standing makes him a minority after Obergefell, that is all
the more reason to insist that his speech be protected. See
Dale, supra, at 660 ("[T]he fact that [the social acceptance
of homosexuality] may be embraced and advocated by
increasing numbers of people is all the more reason to
protect the First Amendment rights of those who wish to
voice a different view").
* * *
In Obergefell, I warned that the Court's decision would
"inevitabl[y]... come into conflict" with religious liberty,
"as individuals... are confronted with demands to partic­
ipate in and endorse civil marriages between same-sex
couples." 576 U. S., at ___ (dissenting opinion). This case proves that the conflict has already
emerged. Because the Court's decision vindicates Phillips'
right to free exercise, it seems that religious liberty has
lived to fight another day. But, in future cases, the free­
dom of speech could be essential to preventing Obergefell
from being used to "stamp out every vestige of dissent"
and "vilify Americans who are unwilling to assent to the
new orthodoxy." Id., at ___ (ALITO, J., dissenting). If that freedom is to maintain its vitality, reasoning
like the Colorado Court of Appeals' must be rejected.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 111
_________________

MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. COLORADO CIVIL RIGHTS COMMISSION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

COLORADO

[June 4, 2018]

JUSTICE GINSBURG, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR
joins, dissenting.
There is much in the Court's opinion with which I agree.
"[I]t is a general rule that [religious and philosophical]
objections do not allow business owners and other actors
in the economy and in society to deny protected persons
equal access to goods and services under a neutral and
generally applicable public accommodations law." Ante, at
9. "Colorado law can protect gay persons, just as it can
protect other classes of individuals, in acquiring whatever
products and services they choose on the same terms and
conditions as are offered to other members of the public."
Ante, at 10. "[P]urveyors of goods and services who object
to gay marriages for moral and religious reasons [may not]
put up signs saying 'no goods or services will be sold if
they will be used for gay marriages.' " Ante, at 12. Gay
persons may be spared from "indignities when they seek
goods and services in an open market." Ante, at 18.1 I
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 As JUSTICE THOMAS observes, the Court does not hold that wedding

cakes are speech or expression entitled to First Amendment protection.
See ante, at 1 (opinion concurring in part and concurring in judgment).
Nor could it, consistent with our First Amendment precedents. JUSTICE
THOMAS acknowledges that for conduct to constitute protected expres-
sion, the conduct must be reasonably understood by an observer to be
communicative. Ante, at 4 hostility to religion. Hostility
is discernible, the Court maintains, from the asserted
"disparate consideration of Phillips' case compared to the
cases of " three other bakers who refused to make cakes
requested by William Jack, an amicus here. Ante, at 18.
The Court also finds hostility in statements made at two
public hearings on Phillips' appeal to the Commission.
Ante, at 12 -- 14. The different outcomes the Court features
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Non-Violence, (1984)). The record in this case is
replete with Jack Phillips' own views on the messages he believes his
cakes convey. See ante, at 5 -- 6 (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and
concurring in judgment) (describing how Phillips "considers" and "sees"
his work). But Phillips submitted no evidence showing that an objec-
tive observer understands a wedding cake to convey a message, much
less that the observer understands the message to be the baker's,
rather than the marrying couple's. Indeed, some in the wedding
industry could not explain what message, or whose, a wedding cake
conveys. See Charsley, Interpretation and Custom: The Case of the
Wedding Cake, 22 Man 93, 100 -- 101 (1987) (no explanation of wedding
cakes' symbolism was forthcoming "even amongst those who might be
expected to be the experts"); id., at 104 -- 105 (the cake cutting tradition
might signify "the bride and groom... as appropriating the cake" from
the bride's parents). And Phillips points to no case in which this Court
has suggested the provision of a baked good might be expressive con-
duct. Cf. ante, at 7, (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and concurring
in judgment); Hurley v. Irish-American Gay, Lesbian, and Bisexual
Group of Boston, Inc., -- 579 (1995) ; Barnes v. Glen Theatre,
Inc., (1991) (noting precedents suggesting nude
dancing is expressive conduct); Spence v. Washington, (1974) (observing the Court's decades-long recognition of the
symbolism of flags).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

do not evidence hostility to religion of the kind we have
previously held to signal a free-exercise violation, nor do
the comments by one or two members of one of the four
decisionmaking entities considering this case justify re-
versing the judgment below.
I
On March 13, 2014 -- approximately three months after
the ALJ ruled in favor of the same-sex couple, Craig and
Mullins, and two months before the Commission heard
Phillips' appeal from that decision -- William Jack visited
three Colorado bakeries. His visits followed a similar
pattern. He requested two cakes
"made to resemble an open Bible. He also requested
that each cake be decorated with Biblical verses. [He]
requested that one of the cakes include an image of
two groomsmen, holding hands, with a red 'X' over the
image. On one cake, he requested [on] one side[,]... 'God hates sin. Psalm 45:7' and on the opposite
side of the cake 'Homosexuality is a detestable sin.
Leviticus 18:2.' On the second cake, [the one] with the
image of the two groomsmen covered by a red 'X'
[Jack] requested [these words]: 'God loves sinners' and
on the other side 'While we were yet sinners Christ
died for us. Romans 5:8.' " App. to Pet. for Cert. 319a;
see id., at 300a, 310a.
In contrast to Jack, Craig and Mullins simply requested a
wedding cake: They mentioned no message or anything
else distinguishing the cake they wanted to buy from any
other wedding cake Phillips would have sold.
One bakery told Jack it would make cakes in the shape
of Bibles, but would not decorate them with the requested
messages; the owner told Jack her bakery "does not dis-
criminate" and "accept[s] all humans." Id., at 301a (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). The second bakery owner
4 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

told Jack he "had done open Bibles and books many times
and that they look amazing," but declined to make the
specific cakes Jack described because the baker regarded
the messages as "hateful." Id., at 310a. The third bakery, according to Jack, said
it would bake the cakes, but would not include the re-
quested message. Id., at 319a.2
Jack filed charges against each bakery with the Colo-
rado Civil Rights Division (Division). The Division found no
probable cause to support Jack's claims of unequal treat-
ment and denial of goods or services based on his Chris-
tian religious beliefs. Id., at 297a, 307a, 316a. In this
regard, the Division observed that the bakeries regularly
produced cakes and other baked goods with Christian
symbols and had denied other customer requests for de-
signs demeaning people whose dignity the Colorado Anti-
discrimination Act (CADA) protects. See id., at 305a,
314a, 324a. The Commission summarily affirmed the
Division's no-probable-cause finding. See id., at 326a -- 
331a.
The Court concludes that "the Commission's considera-
tion of Phillips' religious objection did not accord with its
treatment of [the other bakers'] objections." Ante, at 15.
See also ante, at 5 -- 7 (GORSUCH, J., concurring). But the
cases the Court aligns are hardly comparable. The bakers
would have refused to make a cake with Jack's requested
message for any customer, regardless of his or her reli-
gion. And the bakers visited by Jack would have sold him
any baked goods they would have sold anyone else. The
bakeries' refusal to make Jack cakes of a kind they would
not make for any customer scarcely resembles Phillips'
refusal to serve Craig and Mullins: Phillips would not sell
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The record provides no ideological explanation for the bakeries' re-

fusals. Cf. ante, at 1 -- 2, 9, 11 (GORSUCH, J., concurring) (describing
Jack's requests as offensive to the bakers' "secular" convictions).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

to Craig and Mullins, for no reason other than their sexual
orientation, a cake of the kind he regularly sold to others.
When a couple contacts a bakery for a wedding cake, the
product they are seeking is a cake celebrating their wed-
ding -- not a cake celebrating heterosexual weddings or
same-sex weddings -- and that is the service Craig and
Mullins were denied. Cf. ante, at 3 -- 4, 9 -- 10 (GORSUCH, J.,
concurring). Colorado, the Court does not gainsay, prohib-
its precisely the discrimination Craig and Mullins encoun-
tered. See supra, at 1. Jack, on the other hand, suffered
no service refusal on the basis of his religion or any other
protected characteristic. He was treated as any other
customer would have been treated -- no better, no worse.3
The fact that Phillips might sell other cakes and cookies
to gay and lesbian customers4 was irrelevant to the issue
Craig and Mullins' case presented. What matters is that
Phillips would not provide a good or service to a same-sex
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 JUSTICE GORSUCH argues that the situations "share all legally sa-

lient features." Ante, at 4 (concurring opinion). But what critically
differentiates them is the role the customer's "statutorily protected
trait," ibid., played in the denial of service. Change Craig and Mullins'
sexual orientation (or sex), and Phillips would have provided the cake.
Change Jack's religion, and the bakers would have been no more
willing to comply with his request. The bakers' objections to Jack's
cakes had nothing to do with "religious opposition to same-sex wed-
dings." Ante, at 6 (GORSUCH, J., concurring). Instead, the bakers
simply refused to make cakes bearing statements demeaning to people
protected by CADA. With respect to Jack's second cake, in particular,
where he requested an image of two groomsmen covered by a red "X"
and the lines "God loves sinners" and "While we were yet sinners Christ
died for us," the bakers gave not the slightest indication that religious
words, rather than the demeaning image, prompted the objection. See
supra, at 3. Phillips did, therefore, discriminate because of sexual
orientation; the other bakers did not discriminate because of religious
belief; and the Commission properly found discrimination in one case
but not the other. Cf. ante, at 4 -- 6 (GORSUCH, J., concurring).
4 But see ante, at 7 (majority opinion) (acknowledging that Phillips

refused to sell to a lesbian couple cupcakes for a celebration of their
union).
6 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO
CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

couple that he would provide to a heterosexual couple. In
contrast, the other bakeries' sale of other goods to Chris-
tian customers was relevant: It shows that there were no
goods the bakeries would sell to a non-Christian customer
that they would refuse to sell to a Christian customer. Cf.
ante, at 15.
Nor was the Colorado Court of Appeals' "difference in
treatment of these two instances... based on the govern-
ment's own assessment of offensiveness." Ante, at 16.
Phillips declined to make a cake he found offensive where
the offensiveness of the product was determined solely by
the identity of the customer requesting it. The three other
bakeries declined to make cakes where their objection to
the product was due to the demeaning message the re-
quested product would literally display. As the Court
recognizes, a refusal "to design a special cake with words
or images... might be different from a refusal to sell any
cake at all." Ante, at 2.5 The Colorado Court of Appeals
did not distinguish Phillips and the other three bakeries
based simply on its or the Division's finding that messages
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The Court undermines this observation when later asserting that
the treatment of Phillips, as compared with the treatment of the other
three bakeries, "could reasonably be interpreted as being inconsistent
as to the question of whether speech is involved." Ante, at 15. But
recall that, while Jack requested cakes with particular text inscribed,
Craig and Mullins were refused the sale of any wedding cake at all.
They were turned away before any specific cake design could be dis-
cussed. (It appears that Phillips rarely, if ever, produces wedding cakes
with words on them -- or at least does not advertise such cakes. See
Masterpiece Cakeshop, Wedding, http://www.masterpiececakes.com/
wedding-cakes (as last visited June 1, 2018) (gallery with 31 wedding
cake images, none of which exhibits words).) The Division and the
Court of Appeals could rationally and lawfully distinguish between a
case involving disparaging text and images and a case involving a
wedding cake of unspecified design. The distinction is not between a
cake with text and one without, see ante, at 8 -- 9 (GORSUCH, J., concur-
ring); it is between a cake with a particular design and one whose form
was never even discussed.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

in the cakes Jack requested were offensive while any
message in a cake for Craig and Mullins was not. The
Colorado court distinguished the cases on the ground that
Craig and Mullins were denied service based on an aspect
of their identity that the State chose to grant vigorous
protection from discrimination. See App. to Pet. for Cert.
20a, ("The Division found that the bakeries did not
refuse [Jack's] request because of his creed, but rather
because of the offensive nature of the requested mes-
sage.... [T]here was no evidence that the bakeries based
their decisions on [Jack's] religion... [whereas Phillips]
discriminat[ed] on the basis of sexual orientation."). I do
not read the Court to suggest that the Colorado Legisla-
ture's decision to include certain protected characteristics
in CADA is an impermissible government prescription of
what is and is not offensive. Cf. ante, at 9 -- 10. To repeat,
the Court affirms that "Colorado law can protect gay
persons, just as it can protect other classes of individuals,
in acquiring whatever products and services they choose
on the same terms and conditions as are offered to other
members of the public." Ante, at 10.
II
Statements made at the Commission's public hearings
on Phillips' case provide no firmer support for the Court's
holding today. Whatever one may think of the statements
in historical context, I see no reason why the comments of
one or two Commissioners should be taken to overcome
Phillips' refusal to sell a wedding cake to Craig and Mul-
lins. The proceedings involved several layers of independ-
ent decisionmaking, of which the Commission was but one.
See App. to Pet. for Cert. 5a -- 6a. First, the Division had to
find probable cause that Phillips violated CADA. Second,
the ALJ entertained the parties' cross-motions for sum-
mary judgment. Third, the Commission heard Phillips'
appeal. Fourth, after the Commission's ruling, the Colo-
8 MASTERPIECE CAKESHOP, LTD. v. COLORADO 

CIVIL RIGHTS COMM'N

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

rado Court of Appeals considered the case de novo. What
prejudice infected the determinations of the adjudicators
in the case before and after the Commission? The Court
does not say. Phillips' case is thus far removed from the
only precedent upon which the Court relies, Church of
Lukumi Babalu Aye, Inc. v. Hialeah, (1993),
where the government action that violated a principle of
religious neutrality implicated a sole decisionmaking body,
the city council, see id., at 526 -- 528.
* * *
For the reasons stated, sensible application of CADA to
a refusal to sell any wedding cake to a gay couple should
occasion affirmance of the Colorado Court of Appeals'
judgment. I would so rule.

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
In September 2014, Pennsylvania State Troopers pulled
over a car driven by petitioner Terrence Byrd. Byrd was
the only person in the car. In the course of the traffic stop
the troopers learned that the car was rented and that
Byrd was not listed on the rental agreement as an author-
ized driver. For this reason, the troopers told Byrd they
did not need his consent to search the car, including its
trunk where he had stored personal effects. A search of
the trunk uncovered body armor and 49 bricks of heroin.
The evidence was turned over to federal authorities,
who charged Byrd with distribution and possession of
heroin with the intent to distribute in violation of 21
U. S. C. (1) and possession of body armor by a
prohibited person in violation of 18 U. S. C. (1).
Byrd moved to suppress the evidence as the fruit of an
unlawful search. The United States District Court for the
Middle District of Pennsylvania denied the motion, and
the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit affirmed. Both
courts concluded that, because Byrd was not listed on the
rental agreement, he lacked a reasonable expectation of
privacy in the car. Based on this conclusion, it appears
2 BYRD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

that both the District Court and Court of Appeals deemed
it unnecessary to consider whether the troopers had prob-
able cause to search the car.
This Court granted certiorari to address the question
whether a driver has a reasonable expectation of privacy
in a rental car when he or she is not listed as an author-
ized driver on the rental agreement. The Court now holds
that, as a general rule, someone in otherwise lawful pos-
session and control of a rental car has a reasonable expec-
tation of privacy in it even if the rental agreement does
not list him or her as an authorized driver.
The Court concludes a remand is necessary to address in
the first instance the Government's argument that this
general rule is inapplicable because, in the circumstances
here, Byrd had no greater expectation of privacy than a
car thief. If that is so, our cases make clear he would lack
a legitimate expectation of privacy. It is necessary to
remand as well to determine whether, even if Byrd had a
right to object to the search, probable cause justified it in
any event.
I
On September 17, 2014, petitioner Terrence Byrd and
Latasha Reed drove in Byrd's Honda Accord to a Budget
car-rental facility in Wayne, New Jersey. Byrd stayed in
the parking lot in the Honda while Reed went to the
Budget desk and rented a Ford Fusion. The agreement
Reed signed required her to certify that she had a valid
driver's license and had not committed certain vehicle-
related offenses within the previous three years. An ad-
dendum to the agreement, which Reed initialed, provides
the following restriction on who may drive the rental car:
"I understand that the only ones permitted to drive
the vehicle other than the renter are the renter's
spouse, the renter's co-employee (with the renter's
permission, while on company business), or a person
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

who appears at the time of the rental and signs an Ad-
ditional Driver Form. These other drivers must also
be at least 25 years old and validly licensed.

"PERMITTING AN UNAUTHORIZED DRIVER TO
OPERATE THE VEHICLE IS A VIOLATION OF
THE RENTAL AGREEMENT. THIS MAY RESULT
IN ANY AND ALL COVERAGE OTHERWISE
PROVIDED BY THE RENTAL AGREEMENT BEING
VOID AND MY BEING FULLY RESPONSIBLE FOR
ALL LOSS OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING LIABILITY
TO THIRD PARTIES." App. 19.
In filling out the paperwork for the rental agreement,
Reed did not list an additional driver.
With the rental keys in hand, Reed returned to the
parking lot and gave them to Byrd. The two then left the
facility in separate cars -- she in his Honda, he in the
rental car. Byrd returned to his home in Patterson, New
Jersey, and put his personal belongings in the trunk of the
rental car. Later that afternoon, he departed in the car
alone and headed toward Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
After driving nearly three hours, or roughly half the
distance to Pittsburgh, Byrd passed State Trooper David
Long, who was parked in the median of Interstate 81 near
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. Long was suspicious of Byrd
because he was driving with his hands at the "10 and 2"
position on the steering wheel, sitting far back from the
steering wheel, and driving a rental car. Long knew the
Ford Fusion was a rental car because one of its windows
contained a barcode. Based on these observations, he
decided to follow Byrd and, a short time later, stopped him
for a possible traffic infraction.
When Long approached the passenger window of Byrd's
car to explain the basis for the stop and to ask for identifi-
cation, Byrd was "visibly nervous" and "was shaking and
4 BYRD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

had a hard time obtaining his driver's license." Id., at 37.
He handed an interim license and the rental agreement to
Long, stating that a friend had rented the car. Long re-
turned to his vehicle to verify Byrd's license and noticed
Byrd was not listed as an additional driver on the rental
agreement. Around this time another trooper, Travis
Martin, arrived at the scene. While Long processed Byrd's
license, Martin conversed with Byrd, who again stated
that a friend had rented the vehicle. After Martin walked
back to Long's patrol car, Long commented to Martin that
Byrd was "not on the renter agreement," to which Martin
replied, "yeah, he has no expectation of privacy." 3 App. to
Brief for Appellant in No. 16 -- 1509 (CA3), at 21:40.
A computer search based on Byrd's identification re-
turned two different names. Further inquiry suggested
the other name might be an alias and also revealed that
Byrd had prior convictions for weapons and drug charges
as well as an outstanding warrant in New Jersey for a
probation violation. After learning that New Jersey did
not want Byrd arrested for extradition, the troopers asked
Byrd to step out of the vehicle and patted him down.
Long asked Byrd if he had anything illegal in the car.
When Byrd said he did not, the troopers asked for his
consent to search the car. At that point Byrd said he had
a "blunt" in the car and offered to retrieve it for them. The
officers understood "blunt" to mean a marijuana cigarette.
They declined to let him retrieve it and continued to seek
his consent to search the car, though they stated they did
not need consent because he was not listed on the rental
agreement. The troopers then opened the passenger and
driver doors and began a thorough search of the passenger
compartment.
Martin proceeded from there to search the car's trunk,
including by opening up and taking things out of a large
cardboard box, where he found a laundry bag containing
body armor. At this point, the troopers decided to detain
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

Byrd. As Martin walked toward Byrd and said he would
be placing him in handcuffs, Byrd began to run away. A
third trooper who had arrived on the scene joined Long
and Martin in pursuit. When the troopers caught up to
Byrd, he surrendered and admitted there was heroin in
the car. Back at the car, the troopers resumed their
search of the laundry bag and found 49 bricks of heroin.
In pretrial proceedings Byrd moved to suppress the
evidence found in the trunk of the rental car, arguing that
the search violated his Fourth Amendment rights. Al-
though Long contended at a suppression hearing that the
troopers had probable cause to search the car after Byrd
stated it contained marijuana, the District Court denied
Byrd's motion on the ground that Byrd lacked "standing"
to contest the search as an initial matter, 2015 WL
5038455, *2 (MD Pa., Aug. 26, 2015) ). Byrd later
entered a conditional guilty plea, reserving the right to
appeal the suppression ruling.
The Court of Appeals affirmed in a brief summary opin-
ion. 679 Fed. Appx. 146 (CA3 2017). As relevant here, the
Court of Appeals recognized that a "circuit split exists as
to whether the sole occupant of a rental vehicle has a
Fourth Amendment expectation of privacy when that
occupant is not named in the rental agreement"; but it
noted that Circuit precedent already had "spoken as to
this issue... and determined such a person has no expec-
tation of privacy and therefore no standing to challenge a
search of the vehicle." Id., at 150. The Court of Appeals did not reach the
probable-cause question.
This Court granted Byrd's petition for a writ of certio-
rari, 582 U. S. ___ (2017), to address the conflict among the
Courts of Appeals over whether an unauthorized driver
has a reasonable expectation of privacy in a rental car.
Compare United States v. Seeley, 331 F. 3d 471, 472 (CA5
6 BYRD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

2003) (per curiam); United States v. Wellons, 32 F. 3d 117,
119 (CA4 1994); United States v. Roper, 918 F. 2d 885,
887 -- 888 (CA10 1990), with United States v. Smith, 263
F. 3d 571, 581 -- 587 (CA6 2001); Kennedy, supra, at 165 -- 
168, and with United States v. Thomas, 447 F. 3d 1191,
1196 -- 1199 (CA9 2006); United States v. Best, 135 F. 3d
1223, 1225 (CA8 1998).
II
Few protections are as essential to individual liberty as
the right to be free from unreasonable searches and sei-
zures. The Framers made that right explicit in the Bill of
Rights following their experience with the indignities and
invasions of privacy wrought by "general warrants and
warrantless searches that had so alienated the colonists
and had helped speed the movement for independence."
Chimel v. California, (1969). Ever
mindful of the Fourth Amendment and its history, the
Court has viewed with disfavor practices that permit
"police officers unbridled discretion to rummage at will
among a person's private effects." Arizona v. Gant, (2009).
This concern attends the search of an automobile. See
Delaware v. Prouse, (1979). The Court
has acknowledged, however, that there is a diminished
expectation of privacy in automobiles, which often permits
officers to dispense with obtaining a warrant before con-
ducting a lawful search. See, e.g., California v. Acevedo,
(1991).
Whether a warrant is required is a separate question
from the one the Court addresses here, which is whether
the person claiming a constitutional violation "has had his
own Fourth Amendment rights infringed by the search
and seizure which he seeks to challenge." Rakas v. Illi-
nois, (1978). Answering that question
requires examination of whether the person claiming the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

constitutional violation had a "legitimate expectation of
privacy in the premises" searched. Id., at 143. "Expecta-
tions of privacy protected by the Fourth Amendment, of
course, need not be based on a common-law interest in
real or personal property, or on the invasion of such an
interest." Id., at 144,. Still, "property concepts" are
instructive in "determining the presence or absence of the
privacy interests protected by that Amendment." Ibid.
Indeed, more recent Fourth Amendment cases have
clarified that the test most often associated with legiti-
mate expectations of privacy, which was derived from the
second Justice Harlan's concurrence in Katz v. United
States, (1967), supplements, rather than
displaces, "the traditional property-based understanding
of the Fourth Amendment." Florida v. Jardines, (2013). Perhaps in light of this clarification, Byrd
now argues in the alternative that he had a common-law
property interest in the rental car as a second bailee that
would have provided him with a cognizable Fourth
Amendment interest in the vehicle. But he did not raise
this argument before the District Court or Court of Ap-
peals, and those courts did not have occasion to address
whether Byrd was a second bailee or what consequences
might follow from that determination. In those courts he
framed the question solely in terms of the Katz test noted
above. Because this is "a court of review, not of first view,"
Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005), it is
generally unwise to consider arguments in the first in-
stance, and the Court declines to reach Byrd's contention
that he was a second bailee.
Reference to property concepts, however, aids the Court
in assessing the precise question here: Does a driver of a
rental car have a reasonable expectation of privacy in the
car when he or she is not listed as an authorized driver on
the rental agreement?
8 BYRD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

III
A
One who owns and possesses a car, like one who owns
and possesses a house, almost always has a reasonable
expectation of privacy in it. More difficult to define and
delineate are the legitimate expectations of privacy of
others.
On the one hand, as noted above, it is by now well estab-
lished that a person need not always have a recognized
common-law property interest in the place searched to be
able to claim a reasonable expectation of privacy in it. See
Jones v. United States, (1960); Katz,
supra, at 352; Mancusi v. DeForte, 
(1968); Minnesota v. Olson, (1990).
On the other hand, it is also clear that legitimate pres-
ence on the premises of the place searched, standing alone,
is not enough to accord a reasonable expectation of privacy,
because it "creates too broad a gauge for measurement
of Fourth Amendment rights." Rakas, 439 U. S., at 142;
see also id., at 148 ("We would not wish to be understood
as saying that legitimate presence on the premises is
irrelevant to one's expectation of privacy, but it cannot be
deemed controlling"); Minnesota v. Carter, 
(1998).
Although the Court has not set forth a single metric or
exhaustive list of considerations to resolve the circum-
stances in which a person can be said to have a reasonable
expectation of privacy, it has explained that "[l]egitimation
of expectations of privacy by law must have a source out-
side of the Fourth Amendment, either by reference to
concepts of real or personal property law or to understand-
ings that are recognized and permitted by society." Rakas,
439 U. S., at 144,. The two concepts in cases like
this one are often linked. "One of the main rights attach-
ing to property is the right to exclude others," and, in the
main, "one who owns or lawfully possesses or controls
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

property will in all likelihood have a legitimate expecta-
tion of privacy by virtue of the right to exclude." Ibid.. This general property-based concept
guides resolution of this case.
B
Here, the Government contends that drivers who are
not listed on rental agreements always lack an expectation
of privacy in the automobile based on the rental company's
lack of authorization alone. This per se rule rests on too
restrictive a view of the Fourth Amendment's protections.
Byrd, by contrast, contends that the sole occupant of a
rental car always has an expectation of privacy in it based
on mere possession and control. There is more to recom-
mend Byrd's proposed rule than the Government's; but,
without qualification, it would include within its ambit
thieves and others who, not least because of their lack of
any property-based justification, would not have a reason-
able expectation of privacy.
1
Stripped to its essentials, the Government's position is
that only authorized drivers of rental cars have expecta-
tions of privacy in those vehicles. This position is based on
the following syllogism: Under Rakas, passengers do not
have an expectation of privacy in an automobile glove
compartment or like places; an unauthorized driver like
Byrd would have been the passenger had the renter been
driving; and the unauthorized driver cannot obtain greater
protection when he takes the wheel and leaves the renter
behind. The flaw in this syllogism is its major premise, for
it is a misreading of Rakas.
The Court in Rakas did not hold that passengers cannot
have an expectation of privacy in automobiles. To the
contrary, the Court disclaimed any intent to hold "that a
10 BYRD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

passenger lawfully in an automobile may not invoke the
exclusionary rule and challenge a search of that vehicle
unless he happens to own or have a possessory interest in
it." 439 U. S., at 150,. The Court instead rejected the argument that
legitimate presence alone was sufficient to assert a Fourth
Amendment interest, which was fatal to the petitioners'
case there because they had "claimed only that they were
'legitimately on [the] premises' and did not claim that they
had any legitimate expectation of privacy in the areas of
the car which were searched." Ibid.
What is more, the Government's syllogism is beside the
point, because this case does not involve a passenger at all
but instead the driver and sole occupant of a rental car.
As Justice Powell observed in his concurring opinion in
Rakas, a "distinction... may be made in some circum-
stances between the Fourth Amendment rights of passen-
gers and the rights of an individual who has exclusive
control of an automobile or of its locked compartments."
Id., at 154. This situation would be similar to the defend-
ant in Jones, supra, who, as Rakas notes, had a reasonable
expectation of privacy in his friend's apartment because he
"had complete dominion and control over the apartment
and could exclude others from it," 439 U. S., at 149. Jus-
tice Powell's observation was also consistent with the
majority's explanation that "one who owns or lawfully
possesses or controls property will in all likelihood have a
legitimate expectation of privacy by virtue of [the] right to
exclude," id., at 144, an explanation tied to the
majority's discussion of Jones.
The Court sees no reason why the expectation of privacy
that comes from lawful possession and control and the
attendant right to exclude would differ depending on
whether the car in question is rented or privately owned
by someone other than the person in current possession of
it, much as it did not seem to matter whether the friend of
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of the Court

the defendant in Jones owned or leased the apartment he
permitted the defendant to use in his absence. Both would
have the expectation of privacy that comes with the right
to exclude. Indeed, the Government conceded at oral
argument that an unauthorized driver in sole possession
of a rental car would be permitted to exclude third parties
from it, such as a carjacker. Tr. of Oral Arg. 48 -- 49.
2
The Government further stresses that Byrd's driving the
rental car violated the rental agreement that Reed signed,
and it contends this violation meant Byrd could not have
had any basis for claiming an expectation of privacy in the
rental car at the time of the search. As anyone who has
rented a car knows, car-rental agreements are filled with
long lists of restrictions. Examples include prohibitions on
driving the car on unpaved roads or driving while using a
handheld cellphone. Few would contend that violating
provisions like these has anything to do with a driver's
reasonable expectation of privacy in the rental car -- as
even the Government agrees. Brief for United States 32.
Despite this concession, the Government argues that
permitting an unauthorized driver to take the wheel of a
rental car is a breach different in kind from these others,
so serious that the rental company would consider the
agreement "void" the moment an unauthorized driver
takes the wheel. Id., at 4, 15, 16, 27. To begin with, that
is not what the contract says. It states: "Permitting an
unauthorized driver to operate the vehicle is a violation of
the rental agreement. This may result in any and all
coverage otherwise provided by the rental agreement
being void and my being fully responsible for all loss or
damage, including liability to third parties." App. 24
(emphasis deleted).
Putting the Government's misreading of the contract
aside, there may be countless innocuous reasons why an
12 BYRD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

unauthorized driver might get behind the wheel of a rental
car and drive it -- perhaps the renter is drowsy or inebriated
and the two think it safer for the friend to drive them to
their destination. True, this constitutes a breach of the
rental agreement, and perhaps a serious one, but the
Government fails to explain what bearing this breach of
contract, standing alone, has on expectations of privacy in
the car. Stated in different terms, for Fourth Amendment
purposes there is no meaningful difference between the
authorized-driver provision and the other provisions the
Government agrees do not eliminate an expectation of
privacy, all of which concern risk allocation between pri-
vate parties -- violators might pay additional fees, lose
insurance coverage, or assume liability for damage result-
ing from the breach. But that risk allocation has little to
do with whether one would have a reasonable expectation
of privacy in the rental car if, for example, he or she other-
wise has lawful possession of and control over the car.
3
The central inquiry at this point turns on the concept of
lawful possession, and this is where an important qualifi-
cation of Byrd's proposed rule comes into play. Rakas
makes clear that " 'wrongful' presence at the scene of a
search would not enable a defendant to object to the legal-
ity of the search." 439 U. S., at 141,. "A burglar plying
his trade in a summer cabin during the off season," for
example, "may have a thoroughly justified subjective
expectation of privacy, but it is not one which the law
recognizes as 'legitimate.' " Id., at 143,. Likewise, "a
person present in a stolen automobile at the time of the
search may [not] object to the lawfulness of the search of
the automobile." Id., at 141,. No matter the degree of
possession and control, the car thief would not have a
reasonable expectation of privacy in a stolen car.
On this point, in its merits brief, the Government as-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of the Court

serts that, on the facts here, Byrd should have no greater
expectation of privacy than a car thief because he inten-
tionally used a third party as a strawman in a calculated
plan to mislead the rental company from the very outset,
all to aid him in committing a crime. This argument is
premised on the Government's inference that Byrd knew
he would not have been able to rent the car on his own,
because he would not have satisfied the rental company's
requirements based on his criminal record, and that he
used Reed, who had no intention of using the car for her
own purposes, to procure the car for him to transport
heroin to Pittsburgh.
It is unclear whether the Government's allegations, if
true, would constitute a criminal offense in the acquisition
of the rental car under applicable law. And it may be that
there is no reason that the law should distinguish between
one who obtains a vehicle through subterfuge of the type
the Government alleges occurred here and one who steals
the car outright.
The Government did not raise this argument in the
District Court or the Court of Appeals, however. It relied
instead on the sole fact that Byrd lacked authorization to
drive the car. And it is unclear from the record whether
the Government's inferences paint an accurate picture of
what occurred. Because it was not addressed in the Dis-
trict Court or Court of Appeals, the Court declines to reach
this question. The proper course is to remand for the
argument and potentially further factual development to
be considered in the first instance by the Court of Appeals
or by the District Court.
IV
The Government argued in its brief in opposition to
certiorari that, even if Byrd had a Fourth Amendment
interest in the rental car, the troopers had probable cause
to believe it contained evidence of a crime when they
14 BYRD v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

initiated their search. If that were true, the troopers may
have been permitted to conduct a warrantless search of
the car in line with the Court's cases concerning the auto-
mobile exception to the warrant requirement. See, e.g.,
Acevedo, 500 U. S., at 580. The Court of Appeals did not
reach this question because it concluded, as an initial
matter, that Byrd lacked a reasonable expectation of
privacy in the rental car.
It is worth noting that most courts analyzing the ques-
tion presented in this case, including the Court of Appeals
here, have described it as one of Fourth Amendment
"standing," a concept the Court has explained is not dis-
tinct from the merits and "is more properly subsumed
under substantive Fourth Amendment doctrine." Rakas,
supra, at 139.
The concept of standing in Fourth Amendment cases can
be a useful shorthand for capturing the idea that a person
must have a cognizable Fourth Amendment interest in the
place searched before seeking relief for an unconstitutional
search; but it should not be confused with Article III
standing, which is jurisdictional and must be assessed
before reaching the merits. Arizona Christian School
Tuition Organization v. Winn, (2011)
("To obtain a determination on the merits in federal court,
parties seeking relief must show that they have standing
under Article III of the Constitution"); see also Rakas,
supra, at 138 -- 140. Because Fourth Amendment standing
is subsumed under substantive Fourth Amendment doc-
trine, it is not a jurisdictional question and hence need not
be addressed before addressing other aspects of the merits
of a Fourth Amendment claim. On remand, then, the
Court of Appeals is not required to assess Byrd's reason-
able expectation of privacy in the rental car before, in its
discretion, first addressing whether there was probable
cause for the search, if it finds the latter argument has
been preserved.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 15

Opinion of the Court

V
Though new, the fact pattern here continues a well-
traveled path in this Court's Fourth Amendment jurispru-
dence. Those cases support the proposition, and the Court
now holds, that the mere fact that a driver in lawful pos-
session or control of a rental car is not listed on the rental
agreement will not defeat his or her otherwise reasonable
expectation of privacy. The Court leaves for remand two
of the Government's arguments: that one who intention-
ally uses a third party to procure a rental car by a fraudu-
lent scheme for the purpose of committing a crime is no
better situated than a car thief; and that probable cause
justified the search in any event. The Court of Appeals
has discretion as to the order in which these questions are
best addressed.
* * *
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is vacated, and
the case is remanded for further proceedings consistent
with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 1371
_________________

TERRENCE BYRD, PETITIONER v. UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE THIRD CIRCUIT
[May 14, 2018]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring.
Although I have serious doubts about the "reasonable
expectation of privacy" test from Katz v. United States,
-- 361 (1967) (Harlan, J., concurring), I
join the Court's opinion because it correctly navigates our
precedents, which no party has asked us to reconsider. As
the Court notes, Byrd also argued that he should prevail
under the original meaning of the Fourth Amendment
because the police interfered with a property interest that
he had in the rental car. I agree with the Court's decision
not to review this argument in the first instance. In my
view, it would be especially "unwise" to reach that issue,
ante, at 7, because the parties fail to adequately address
several threshold questions.
The Fourth Amendment guarantees the people's right to
be secure from unreasonable searches of "their persons,
houses, papers, and effects." With this language, the
Fourth Amendment gives "each person... the right to be
secure against unreasonable searches and seizures in his
own person, house, papers, and effects." Minnesota v.
Carter, (1998) (Scalia, J., concurring).
The issue, then, is whether Byrd can prove that the rental
car was his effect.
That issue seems to turn on at least three threshold
questions. First, what kind of property interest do indi-
2 BYRD v. UNITED STATES

THOMAS, J., concurring

viduals need before something can be considered "their...
effec[t]" under the original meaning of the Fourth
Amendment? Second, what body of law determines
whether that property interest is present -- modern state
law, the common law of 1791, or something else? Third, is
the unauthorized use of a rental car illegal or otherwise
wrongful under the relevant law, and, if so, does that
illegality or wrongfulness affect the Fourth Amendment
analysis?
The parties largely gloss over these questions, but the
answers seem vitally important to assessing whether Byrd
can claim that the rental car is his effect. In an appropri-
ate case, I would welcome briefing and argument on these
questions.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

ALITO, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 1371
_________________

TERRENCE BYRD, PETITIONER v. UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE THIRD CIRCUIT
[May 14, 2018]

JUSTICE ALITO, concurring.
The Court holds that an unauthorized driver of a rental
car is not always barred from contesting a search of the
vehicle. Relevant questions bearing on the driver's ability
to raise a Fourth Amendment claim may include: the
terms of the particular rental agreement, see ante, at 11 -- 
12; the circumstances surrounding the rental, ante, at 13;
the reason why the driver took the wheel, ante, at 11 -- 12;
any property right that the driver might have, ante, at 7;
and the legality of his conduct under the law of the State
where the conduct occurred, ante, at 12 -- 13. On remand,
the Court of Appeals is free to reexamine the question
whether petitioner may assert a Fourth Amendment claim
or to decide the appeal on another appropriate ground.
Ante, at 14 -- 15. On this understanding, I join the opinion
of the Court.

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to
Parts I, II -- B -- 1, and II -- C, concluding that foreign corporations may
not be defendants in suits brought under the ATS. Pp. 6 -- 11, 18 -- 19,
and 25 -- 27.
(a) The Judiciary Act of 1789 included what is now known as the
ATS, which provides: "The district courts shall have original jurisdic-
tion of any civil action by an alien for a tort only, committed in viola-
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Syllabus

tion of the law of nations or a treaty of the United States." 28
U. S. C.. The ATS is "strictly jurisdictional" and does not by its
own terms provide or delineate the definition of a cause of action for
international-law violations. Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, -- 714. It was enacted against the backdrop of the general common
law, which in 1789 recognized a limited category of "torts in violation
of the law of nations," id., at 714; and one of its principal objectives
was to avoid foreign entanglements by ensuring the availability of a
federal forum where the failure to have one might cause another na-
tion to hold the United States responsible for an injury to a foreign
citizen, see id., at 715 -- 719. The ATS was invoked but a few times
over its first 190 years, but with the evolving recognition -- e.g., in the
Nuremberg trials -- that certain crimes against humanity violate
basic precepts of international law, courts began to give some redress
for violations of clear and unambiguous international human-rights
protections. After the Second Circuit first permitted plaintiffs to
bring ATS actions based on modern human-rights laws, Congress en-
acted the Torture Victim Protection Act of 1991 (TVPA), creating an
express cause of action for victims of torture and extrajudicial killing
in violation of international law. ATS suits became more frequent;
and modern ATS litigation has the potential to involve groups of for-
eign plaintiffs suing foreign corporations in the United States for al-
leged human-rights violations in other nations. In Sosa, the Court
held that in certain narrow circumstances courts may recognize a
common-law cause of action for claims based on the present-day law
of nations, 542 U. S., at 732, but it explicitly held that ATS litigation
implicates serious separation-of-powers and foreign-relations con-
cerns, id., at 727 -- 728. The Court subsequently held in Kiobel that
"the presumption against extraterritoriality applies to [ATS] claims,"
569 U. S., at 124, and that even claims that "touch and concern the
territory of the United States... must do so with sufficient force to
displace" that presumption, id., at 124 -- 125. Pp. 6 -- 11.
(b) Sosa is consistent with this Court's general reluctance to extend
judicially created private rights of action. Recent precedents cast
doubt on courts' authority to extend or create private causes of action,
even in the realm of domestic law, rather than leaving such decisions
to the Legislature, which is better positioned "to consider if the public
interest would be served by imposing a new substantive legal liabil-
ity," Ziglar v. Abbasi, 582 U. S. ___, ___. This caution extends to the question whether the courts
should exercise the judicial authority to mandate a rule imposing lia-
bility upon artificial entities like corporations. Thus, in Correctional
Services Corp. v. Malesko, the Court concluded that
Congress, not the courts, should decide whether corporate defendants
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Syllabus

could be held liable in actions under Bivens v. Six Unknown Fed.
Narcotics Agents,.
Neither the language of the ATS nor precedent supports an excep-
tion to these general principles in this context. Separation-of-powers
concerns that counsel against courts creating private rights of action
apply with particular force in the context of the ATS, which impli-
cates foreign-policy concerns that are the province of the political
branches. And courts must exercise "great caution" before recogniz-
ing new forms of liability under the ATS. Sosa, supra, at 728. The
question whether a proper application of Sosa would preclude courts
from ever recognizing new ATS causes of action need not be decided
here, for either way it would be inappropriate for courts to extend
ATS liability to foreign corporations absent further action from Con-
gress. Pp. 18 -- 19.
(c) The ATS was intended to promote harmony in international re-
lations by ensuring foreign plaintiffs a remedy for international-law
violations when the absence of such a remedy might provoke foreign
nations to hold the United States accountable. But here, and in simi-
lar cases, the opposite is occurring. Petitioners are foreign nationals
seeking millions of dollars in damages from a major Jordanian finan-
cial institution for injuries suffered in attacks by foreign terrorists in
the Middle East. The only alleged connections to the United States
are the CHIPS transactions in Arab Bank's New York branch and a
brief allegation about a charity in Texas. At a minimum, the rela-
tively minor connection between the terrorist attacks and the alleged
conduct in the United States illustrates the perils of extending the
scope of ATS liability to foreign multinational corporations like Arab
Bank.
For 13 years, this litigation has caused considerable diplomatic
tensions with Jordan, a critical ally that considers the litigation an
affront to its sovereignty. And this is not the first time that a foreign
sovereign has raised objections to ATS litigation in this Court. See
Sosa, supra, at 733,. These are the very foreign-relations ten-
sions the First Congress sought to avoid.
Nor are the courts well suited to make the required policy judg-
ments implicated by foreign corporate liability. Like the presumption
against extraterritoriality, judicial caution under Sosa "guards
against our courts triggering... serious foreign policy consequences,
and instead defers such decisions, quite appropriately, to the political
branches." Kiobel, supra, at 124. Accordingly, the Court holds that
foreign corporations may not be defendants in suits brought under
the ATS. Pp. 25 -- 27.
JUSTICE KENNEDY, joined by THE CHIEF JUSTICE and JUSTICE THOM-
AS, concluded in Parts II -- A, II -- B -- 2, II -- B -- 3, and III:
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Syllabus

(a) Before recognizing an ATS common-law action, federal courts
must apply the two-part test announced in Sosa. The threshold
question is whether a plaintiff can demonstrate that the alleged vio-
lation is " 'of a norm that is specific, universal, and obligatory.' " 542
U. S., at 732. Assuming that such a norm can control, it must be de-
termined whether allowing the case to proceed under the ATS is a
proper exercise of judicial discretion or whether caution requires the
political branches to grant specific authority before corporate liability
can be imposed. Id., at 732 -- 733, and nn. 20 -- 21. With regard to the
first Sosa question, the Court need not resolve whether corporate lia-
bility is a question governed by international law or whether that law
imposes liability on corporations, because, as shown by the parties'
opposing arguments, there is at least sufficient doubt on the point to
turn to Sosa's second question: whether the Judiciary must defer to
Congress to determine in the first instance whether that universal
norm has been recognized and, if so, whether it should be enforced in
ATS suits. Pp. 11 -- 18.
(b) Especially here, in the realm of international law, it is im-
portant to look to analogous statutes for guidance on the appropriate
boundaries of judge-made causes of action. The logical statutory
analogy for an ATS common-law action is the TVPA -- the only ATS
cause of action created by Congress rather than the courts. Drafted
as "an unambiguous and modern basis for [an ATS] cause of action,"
H. R. Rep. No. 102 -- 367, p. 3, the TVPA reflects Congress' considered
judgment of the proper structure for such an action. Absent a com-
pelling justification, courts should not deviate from that model. Rel-
evant here, the TVPA limits liability to "individuals," a term which
unambiguously limits liability to natural persons, Mohamad v. Pales-
tinian Authority, -- 456. Congress' decision to ex-
clude liability for corporations in TVPA actions is all but dispositive
in this case. Pp. 19 -- 23.
(c) Other considerations relevant to the exercise of judicial discre-
tion also counsel against allowing liability under the ATS for foreign
corporations, absent congressional instructions. Corporate liability
under the ATS has not been shown to be essential to serving that
statute's goals, the ATS will seldom be the only way for plaintiffs to
hold the perpetrators liable, and plaintiffs still can sue the individual
corporate employees responsible for a violation of international law
under the ATS. That the corporate form can be an instrument for in-
flicting grave harm and suffering poses serious and complex ques-
tions for the international community and for Congress. And this
complexity makes it all the more important that Congress determine
whether victims of human-rights abuses may sue foreign corpora-
tions in federal court. Pp. 23 -- 25.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Syllabus

(d) In making its determination, Congress might decide that viola-
tions of international law do, or should, impose that liability to en-
sure that corporations make every effort to deter human-rights viola-
tions, and so that compensation for injured persons will be a cost of
doing business. Or Congress could conclude that neutral judicial
safeguards may not be ensured in every country and that, as a recip-
rocal matter, ATS liability for foreign corporations should be subject
to some limitations or preconditions. Finally, Congress might find
that corporate liability should be limited to cases where a corpora-
tion's management was actively complicit in the crime. Pp. 27 -- 29.
JUSTICE ALITO concluded that the outcome in this case is justified
not only by "judicial caution" but also by the separation of powers.
Assuming that Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, correctly held
that federal courts, exercising their authority in limited circumstanc-
es to make federal common law, may create causes of action under
the ATS, this Court should not create such causes of action against
foreign corporate defendants. The objective for courts in any case re-
quiring the creation of federal common law must be "to find the rule
that will best effectuate the federal policy." Textile Workers v. Lin-
coln Mills of Ala.,. The First Congress enacted the
ATS to help the United States avoid diplomatic friction. Putting that
objective together with the rules governing federal common law gen-
erally, the following principle emerges: Federal courts should decline
to create federal common law causes of action whenever doing so
would not materially advance the ATS's objective of avoiding diplo-
matic strife. Applying that principle here, it is clear that courts
should not create causes of action under the ATS against foreign cor-
porate defendants. Customary international law does not generally
require corporate liability, so declining to create it under the ATS
cannot give other nations just cause for complaint against the United
States. To the contrary, creating causes of action against foreign cor-
porations under the ATS may instead provoke exactly the sort of dip-
lomatic strife inimical to the statute's fundamental purpose. Pp. 1 -- 7.
JUSTICE GORSUCH concluded that there are two more fundamental
reasons why this lawsuit should be dismissed. Pp. 1 -- 14.
(a) This Court has suggested that Congress originally enacted the
ATS to afford federal courts jurisdiction to hear tort claims related to
three violations of international law that were already embodied in
English common law: violations of safe conducts extended to aliens,
interference with ambassadors, and piracy. Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain,. Here, the plaintiffs seek much more. They want
the federal courts to recognize a new cause of action, one that did not
exist at the time of the statute's adoption, one that Congress has nev-
er authorized. They find support in a passage suggesting that the
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Syllabus

ATS may afford federal judges "discretion [to] conside[r] [creating]
new cause[s] of action" if they "rest on a norm of international char-
acter accepted by the civilized world and defined with a specificity
comparable to the features of the [three specified] 18th-century"
torts. Id., at 725. This is doubtful, for the people's elected represent-
atives, not judges, make the laws that govern them. But even accept-
ing Sosa's framework, a proper application of that framework would
preclude courts from recognizing any new causes of action under the
ATS. When courts are confronted with a request to fashion a new
cause of action, "separation-of-powers principles are or should be cen-
tral to the analysis." Ziglar v. Abbasi, 582 U. S. ___, ___. The first
and most important question is whether Congress or the courts
should decide, and the right answer "most often will be Congress."
Ibid. There is no reason to make a special exception for the ATS,
which was designed as "a jurisdictional statute creating no new caus-
es of action." Sosa, 542 U. S., at 724. The context in which any Sosa
discretion would be exercised confirms the wisdom of restraint. The
"practical consequences" that might follow a decision to create a new
ATS cause of action, see id., at 732 -- 733, would likely involve ques-
tions of foreign affairs and national security -- matters implicating the
expertise and authority not of the Judiciary but of the political
branches. Pp. 2 -- 5.
(b) Another independent problem is that this suit is by foreigners
against a foreigner over the meaning of international norms. The
original understanding of the ATS, which was but one clause in one
section of the Judiciary Act of 1789, likely would have required a do-
mestic defendant in order to comply with the requirements of the Di-
versity-of-Citizenship Clause of Article III. Precedent interpreting a
neighboring provision of the Judiciary Act confirms that conclusion.
See Mossman v. Higginson, 4 Dall. 12, 14. In any event, separation-
of-powers limits on the judicial function and deference to the political
branches should lead federal courts to require a domestic defendant
before agreeing to exercise any Sosa-generated discretion to entertain
an ATS suit. Pp. 5 -- 14.

KENNEDY, J., announced the judgment of the Court and delivered the
opinion of the Court with respect to Parts I, II -- B -- 1, and II -- C, in which
ROBERTS, C. J., and THOMAS, ALITO, and GORSUCH, JJ., joined, and an
opinion with respect to Parts II -- A, II -- B -- 2, II -- B -- 3, and III, in which
ROBERTS, C. J., and THOMAS, J., joined. THOMAS, J., filed a concurring
opinion. ALITO, J., and GORSUCH, J., filed opinions concurring in part
and concurring in the judgment. SOTOMAYOR, J., filed a dissenting
opinion, in which GINSBURG, BREYER, and KAGAN, JJ., joined.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of the Court

NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the
preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to
notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Wash-
ington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other formal errors, in order
that corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE KENNEDY announced the judgment of the Court
and delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to
Parts I, II -- B -- 1, and II -- C, and an opinion with respect to
Parts II -- A, II -- B -- 2, II -- B -- 3, and III, in which THE CHIEF
JUSTICE and JUSTICE THOMAS join.
Petitioners in this case, or the persons on whose behalf
petitioners now assert claims, allegedly were injured or
killed by terrorist acts committed abroad. Those terrorist
acts, it is contended, were in part caused or facilitated by a
foreign corporation. Petitioners now seek to impose liabil-
ity on the foreign corporation for the conduct of its human
agents, including its then-chairman and other high-
ranking management officials. The suits were filed in a
United States District Court under the Alien Tort Statute,
commonly referred to as the ATS. See 28 U. S. C..
The foreign corporation charged with liability in these
ATS suits is Arab Bank, PLC; and it is respondent here.
Some of Arab Bank's officials, it is alleged, allowed the
Bank to be used to transfer funds to terrorist groups in the
Middle East, which in turn enabled or facilitated criminal
acts of terrorism, causing the deaths or injuries for which
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

petitioners now seek compensation. Petitioners seek to
prove Arab Bank helped the terrorists receive the moneys
in part by means of currency clearances and bank transac-
tions passing through its New York City offices, all by
means of electronic transfers.
It is assumed here that those individuals who inflicted
death or injury by terrorism committed crimes in violation
of well-settled, fundamental precepts of international law,
precepts essential for basic human-rights protections. It is
assumed as well that individuals who knowingly and
purposefully facilitated banking transactions to aid, en-
able, or facilitate the terrorist acts would themselves be
committing crimes under the same international-law
prohibitions.
Petitioners contend that international and domestic
laws impose responsibility and liability on a corporation if
its human agents use the corporation to commit crimes in
violation of international laws that protect human rights.
The question here is whether the Judiciary has the au-
thority, in an ATS action, to make that determination and
then to enforce that liability in ATS suits, all without any
explicit authorization from Congress to do so.
The answer turns upon the proper interpretation and
implementation of the ATS. The statute provides: "The
district courts shall have original jurisdiction of any civil
action by an alien for a tort only, committed in violation of
the law of nations or a treaty of the United States.".
The Court must first ask whether the law of nations im-
poses liability on corporations for human-rights violations
committed by its employees. The Court must also ask
whether it has authority and discretion in an ATS suit to
impose liability on a corporation without a specific direc-
tion from Congress to do so.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

I

A

Petitioners are plaintiffs in five ATS lawsuits filed
against Arab Bank in the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of New York. The suits were filed
between 2004 and 2010.
A significant majority of the plaintiffs in these law-
suits -- about 6,000 of them -- are foreign nationals whose
claims arise under the ATS. These foreign nationals are
petitioners here. They allege that they or their family
members were injured by terrorist attacks in the Middle
East over a 10-year period. Two of the five lawsuits also
included claims brought by American nationals under the
Anti-Terrorism Act, 18 U. S. C., but those claims
are not at issue.
Arab Bank is a major Jordanian financial institution
with branches throughout the world, including in New
York. According to the Kingdom of Jordan, Arab Bank
"accounts for between one-fifth and one-third of the total
market capitalization of the Amman Stock Exchange."
Brief for Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan as Amicus Curiae
2. Petitioners allege that Arab Bank helped finance at-
tacks by Hamas and other terrorist groups. Among other
claims, petitioners allege that Arab Bank maintained
bank accounts for terrorists and their front groups and
allowed the accounts to be used to pay the families of
suicide bombers.
Most of petitioners' allegations involve conduct that
occurred in the Middle East. Yet petitioners allege as well
that Arab Bank used its New York branch to clear dollar-
denominated transactions through the Clearing House
Interbank Payments System. That elaborate system is
commonly referred to as CHIPS. It is alleged that some of
these CHIPS transactions benefited terrorists.
Foreign banks often use dollar-clearing transactions to
facilitate currency exchanges or to make payments in
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

dollars from one foreign bank account to another. Arab
Bank and certain amici point out that CHIPS transactions
are enormous both in volume and in dollar amounts. The
transactions occur predominantly in the United States but
are used by major banks both in the United States and
abroad. The CHIPS system is used for dollar-denominated
transactions and for transactions where the dollar is used
as an intermediate currency to facilitate a currency ex-
change. Brief for Institute of International Bankers as
Amicus Curiae 12 -- 13, and. In New York each day, on
average, about 440,000 of these transfers occur, in dollar
amounts totaling about $1.5 trillion. Id., at 14. The
"clearance activity is an entirely mechanical function; it
occurs without human intervention in the proverbial 'blink
of an eye.' " Ibid. There seems to be no dispute that the
speed and volume of these transactions are such that
individual supervision is simply not a systemic reality. As
noted below, substantial regulations govern these transac-
tions, both in the United States and in Jordan.
In addition to the dollar-clearing transactions, petition-
ers allege that Arab Bank's New York branch was used to
launder money for the Holy Land Foundation for Relief
and Development (HLF), a Texas-based charity that peti-
tioners say is affiliated with Hamas. According to peti-
tioners, Arab Bank used its New York branch to facilitate
the transfer of funds from HLF to the bank accounts of
terrorist-affiliated charities in the Middle East.
During the pendency of this litigation, there was an
unrelated case that also implicated the issue whether the
ATS is applicable to suits in this country against foreign
corporations. See Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co.,
621 F. 3d 111 (CA2 2010). That suit worked its way
through the trial court and the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. The Kiobel litigation did not involve bank-
ing transactions. Its allegations were that holding compa-
nies incorporated in the Netherlands and the United
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

Kingdom had, through a Nigerian subsidiary, aided and
abetted the Nigerian Government in human-rights abuses.
Id., at 123. In Kiobel, the Court of Appeals held that the
ATS does not extend to suits against corporations. Id., at
120. This Court granted certiorari in Kiobel. (2011).
After additional briefing and reargument in Kiobel, this
Court held that, given all the circumstances, the suit could
not be maintained under the ATS. Kiobel v. Royal Dutch
Petroleum Co., 124 -- 125 (2013). The
rationale of the holding, however, was not that the ATS
does not extend to suits against foreign corporations. That
question was left unresolved. The Court ruled, instead,
that "all the relevant conduct took place outside the United
States." Id., at 124. Dismissal of the action was required
based on the presumption against extraterritorial applica-
tion of statutes.
So while this Court in Kiobel affirmed the ruling that
the action there could not be maintained, it did not ad-
dress the broader holding of the Court of Appeals that
dismissal was required because corporations may not be
sued under the ATS. Still, the courts of the Second Circuit
deemed that broader holding to be binding precedent. As
a consequence, in the instant case the District Court dis-
missed petitioners' ATS claims based on the earlier Kiobel
holding in the Court of Appeals; and on review of the
dismissal order the Court of Appeals, also adhering to its
earlier holding, affirmed. In re Arab Bank, PLC Alien Tort
Statute Litigation, 808 F. 3d 144 (2015). This Court
granted certiorari in the instant case. 581 U. S. ___
(2017).
Since the Court of Appeals relied on its Kiobel holding in
the instant case, it is instructive to begin with an analysis
of that decision. The majority opinion in Kiobel, written
by Judge Cabranes, held that the ATS does not apply to
alleged international-law violations by a corporation. 621
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

F. 3d, at 120. Judge Cabranes relied in large part on the
fact that international criminal tribunals have consistently
limited their jurisdiction to natural persons. Id., at 132 -- 
137.
Judge Leval filed a separate opinion. He concurred in
the judgment on other grounds but disagreed with the
proposition that the foreign corporation was not subject to
suit under the ATS. Id., at 196. Judge Leval conceded
that "international law, of its own force, imposes no liabili-
ties on corporations or other private juridical entities."
Id., at 186. But he reasoned that corporate liability for
violations of international law is an issue of "civil compen-
satory liability" that international law leaves to individual
nations. Ibid. Later decisions in the Courts of Appeals for
the Seventh, Ninth, and District of Columbia Circuits
agreed with Judge Leval and held that corporations can be
subject to suit under the ATS. See Flomo v. Firestone Nat.
Rubber Co., 643 F. 3d 1013, 1017 -- 1021 (CA7 2011); Doe I
v. Nestle USA, Inc., 766 F. 3d 1013, 1020 -- 1022 (CA9
2014); Doe VIII v. Exxon Mobil Corp., 654 F. 3d 11, 40 -- 55
(CADC 2011), vacated on other grounds, 527 Fed. Appx. 7
(CADC 2013). The respective opinions by Judges
Cabranes and Leval are scholarly and extensive, providing
significant guidance for this Court in the case now before
it.
With this background, it is now proper to turn to the
history of the ATS and the decisions interpreting it.
B
Under the Articles of Confederation, the Continental
Congress lacked authority to " 'cause infractions of trea-
ties, or of the law of nations to be punished.' " Sosa v.
Alvarez-Machain, (2004) ). The Continental Congress urged the
States to authorize suits for damages sustained by foreign
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

citizens as a result of violations of international law;
but the state courts' vindication of the law of nations
remained unsatisfactory. Concerns with the consequent
international-relations tensions "persisted through the
time of the Constitutional Convention." 542 U. S., at 717.
Under the Articles of Confederation, the inability of the
central government to ensure adequate remedies for for-
eign citizens caused substantial foreign-relations prob-
lems. In 1784, the French Minister lodged a protest with
the Continental Congress after a French adventurer, the
Chevalier de Longchamps, assaulted the Secretary of the
French Legation in Philadelphia. See Kiobel, 569 U. S., at
120. A few years later, a New York constable caused an
international incident when he entered the house of the
Dutch Ambassador and arrested one of his servants. Ibid.
Under the Articles of Confederation, there was no national
forum available to resolve disputes like these under any
binding laws that were or could be enacted or enforced by
a central government.
The Framers addressed these matters at the 1787 Phil-
adelphia Convention; and, as a result, Article III of the
Constitution extends the federal judicial power to "all
cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers and
consuls," and "to controversies... between a state, or the
citizens thereof, and foreign states, citizens, or subjects.". The First Congress passed a statute to implement
these provisions: The Judiciary Act of 1789 authorized
federal jurisdiction over suits involving disputes between
aliens and United States citizens and suits involving
diplomats., 11, 1 Stat. 76 -- 79.
The Judiciary Act also included what is now the statute
known as the ATS., id., at 76. As noted, the ATS is
central to this case and its brief text bears repeating. Its
full text is: "The district courts shall have original jurisdic-
tion of any civil action by an alien for a tort only, commit-
ted in violation of the law of nations or a treaty of the
8 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

United States." 28 U. S. C..
The ATS is "strictly jurisdictional" and does not by its
own terms provide or delineate the definition of a cause of
action for violations of international law. Sosa, 542 U. S.,
at 713 -- 714. But the statute was not enacted to sit on a
shelf awaiting further legislation. Id., at 714. Rather,
Congress enacted it against the backdrop of the general
common law, which in 1789 recognized a limited category
of "torts in violation of the law of nations." Ibid.
In the 18th century, international law primarily gov-
erned relationships between and among nation-states, but
in a few instances it governed individual conduct occurring
outside national borders (for example, "disputes relating to
prizes, to shipwrecks, to hostages, and ransom bills"). Id.,
at 714 -- 715. There
was, furthermore, a narrow domain in which "rules bind-
ing individuals for the benefit of other individuals over-
lapped with" the rules governing the relationships be-
tween nation-states. Id., at 715. As understood by
Blackstone, this domain included "three specific offenses
against the law of nations addressed by the criminal law
of England: violation of safe conducts, infringement of the
rights of ambassadors, and piracy." Ibid. ). "It was this narrow set of violations of the law of
nations, admitting of a judicial remedy and at the same
time threatening serious consequences in international
affairs, that was probably on the minds of the men who
drafted the ATS." 542 U. S., at 715.
This history teaches that Congress drafted the ATS "to
furnish jurisdiction for a relatively modest set of actions
alleging violations of the law of nations." Id., at 720. The
principal objective of the statute, when first enacted, was
to avoid foreign entanglements by ensuring the availabil-
ity of a federal forum where the failure to provide one
might cause another nation to hold the United States
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

responsible for an injury to a foreign citizen. See id., at
715 -- 719; Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 123 -- 124.
Over the first 190 years or so after its enactment, the
ATS was invoked but a few times. Yet with the evolving
recognition -- for instance, in the Nuremberg trials after
World War II -- that certain acts constituting crimes
against humanity are in violation of basic precepts of
international law, courts began to give some redress for
violations of international human-rights protections that
are clear and unambiguous. In the modern era this began
with the decision of the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit in Filartiga v. Pena-Irala, 630 F. 2d 876 (1980).
In Filartiga, it was alleged that a young man had been
tortured and murdered by Paraguayan police officers, and
that an officer named Pena-Irala was one of the supervi-
sors and perpetrators. Some members of the victim's
family were in the United States on visas. When they
discovered that Pena-Irala himself was living in New
York, they filed suit against him. The action, seeking
damages for the suffering and death he allegedly had
caused, was filed in the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of New York. The Court of Appeals
found that there was jurisdiction under the ATS. For this
holding it relied upon the universal acknowledgment that
acts of official torture are contrary to the law of nations.
Id., at 890. This Court did not review that decision.
In the midst of debates in the courts of appeals over
whether the court in Filartiga was correct in holding that
plaintiffs could bring ATS actions based on modern human-
rights laws absent an express cause of action created
by an additional statute, Congress enacted the Torture
Victim Protection Act of 1991 (TVPA), 106 Stat. 73, note
following 28 U. S. C.. H. R. Rep. No. 102 -- 367,
pp. 3 -- 4 (1991) (H. R. Rep.) ); S. Rep. No. 102 -- 
249, pp. 3 -- 5 (1991) (S. Rep.) (same). The TVPA -- which is
10 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

codified as a note following the ATS -- creates an express
cause of action for victims of torture and extrajudicial
killing in violation of international law.
After Filartiga and the TVPA, ATS lawsuits became
more frequent. Modern ATS litigation has the potential to
involve large groups of foreign plaintiffs suing foreign
corporations in the United States for alleged human-rights
violations in other nations. For example, in Kiobel the
plaintiffs were Nigerian nationals who sued Dutch, Brit-
ish, and Nigerian corporations for alleged crimes in Nige-
ria. 569 U. S., at 111 -- 112. The extent and scope of this
litigation in United States courts have resulted in criti-
cism here and abroad. See id., at 124 (noting objections to
ATS litigation by Canada, Germany, Indonesia, Papua
New Guinea, South Africa, Switzerland, and the United
Kingdom).
In Sosa, the Court considered the question whether
courts may recognize new, enforceable international
norms in ATS lawsuits. 542 U. S., at 730 -- 731. The Sosa
Court acknowledged the decisions made in Filartiga and
similar cases; and it held that in certain narrow circum-
stances courts may recognize a common-law cause of
action for claims based on the present-day law of nations,
in addition to the "historical paradigms familiar when
was enacted." 542 U. S., at 732. The Court was
quite explicit, however, in holding that ATS litigation
implicates serious separation-of-powers and foreign-
relations concerns. Id., at 727 -- 728. Thus, ATS claims
must be "subject to vigilant doorkeeping." Id., at 729.
This Court next addressed the ATS in Kiobel, the case
already noted. There, this Court held that "the presump-
tion against extraterritoriality applies to claims under the
ATS, and that nothing in the statute rebuts the presump-
tion." 569 U. S., at 124. The Court added that "even
where the claims touch and concern the territory of the
United States, they must do so with sufficient force to
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

displace the presumption against extraterritorial applica-
tion." Id., at 124 -- 125.
II
With these principles in mind, this Court now must
decide whether common-law liability under the ATS ex-
tends to a foreign corporate defendant. It could be argued,
under the Court's holding in Kiobel, that even if, under
accepted principles of international law and federal com-
mon law, corporations are subject to ATS liability for
human-rights crimes committed by their human agents, in
this case the activities of the defendant corporation and
the alleged actions of its employees have insufficient
connections to the United States to subject it to jurisdic-
tion under the ATS. Various amici urge this as a rationale
to affirm here, while the Government argues that the
Court should remand this case so the Court of Appeals can
address the issue in the first instance. There are substan-
tial arguments on both sides of that question; but it is not
the question on which this Court granted certiorari, nor is
it the question that has divided the Courts of Appeals.
The question whether foreign corporations are subject to
liability under the ATS should be addressed; for, if there is
no liability for Arab Bank, the lengthy and costly litigation
concerning whether corporate contacts like those alleged
here suffice to impose liability would be pointless. In
addition, a remand to the Court of Appeals would require
prolonging litigation that already has caused significant
diplomatic tensions with Jordan for more than a decade.
So it is proper for this Court to decide whether corpora-
tions, or at least foreign corporations, are subject to liabil-
ity in an ATS suit filed in a United States district court.
Before recognizing a common-law action under the ATS,
federal courts must apply the test announced in Sosa. An
initial, threshold question is whether a plaintiff can
demonstrate that the alleged violation is "of a norm that is
12 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

specific, universal, and obligatory." 542 U. S., at 732. And even assuming
that, under international law, there is a specific norm that
can be controlling, it must be determined further whether
allowing this case to proceed under the ATS is a proper
exercise of judicial discretion, or instead whether caution
requires the political branches to grant specific authority
before corporate liability can be imposed. See id., at 732 -- 
733, and nn. 20 -- 21. "[T]he potential implications for the
foreign relations of the United States of recognizing such
causes should make courts particularly wary of impinging
on the discretion of the Legislative and Executive
Branches in managing foreign affairs." Id., at 727.
It must be said that some of the considerations that
pertain to determining whether there is a specific, univer-
sal, and obligatory norm that is established under interna-
tional law are applicable as well in determining whether
deference must be given to the political branches. For
instance, the fact that the charters of some international
tribunals and the provisions of some congressional stat-
utes addressing international human-rights violations are
specifically limited to individual wrongdoers, and thus
foreclose corporate liability, has significant bearing both
on the content of the norm being asserted and the question
whether courts should defer to Congress. The two inquir-
ies inform each other and are, to that extent, not altogether
discrete.
With that introduction, it is proper now to turn first to
the question whether there is an international-law norm
imposing liability on corporations for acts of their employ-
ees that contravene fundamental human rights.
A
Petitioners and Arab Bank disagree as to whether cor-
porate liability is a question of international law or only a
question of judicial authority and discretion under domes-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

tic law. The dispute centers on a footnote in Sosa. In the
course of holding that international norms must be "suffi-
ciently definite to support a cause of action," the Court in
Sosa noted that a "related consideration is whether inter-
national law extends the scope of liability for a violation of
a given norm to the perpetrator being sued, if the defend-
ant is a private actor such as a corporation or individual."
Id., at 732, and.
In the Court of Appeals' decision in Kiobel, the majority
opinion by Judge Cabranes interpreted footnote 20 to
mean that corporate defendants may be held liable under
the ATS only if there is a specific, universal, and obligatory
norm that corporations are liable for violations of interna-
tional law. 621 F. 3d, at 127. In Judge Cabranes' view,
"[i]nternational law is not silent on the question of the
subjects of international law -- that is, those that, to vary-
ing extents, have legal status, personality, rights, and
duties under international law," "[n]or does international
law leave to individual States the responsibility of defin-
ing those subjects." Id., at 126. There is considerable force and weight to the
position articulated by Judge Cabranes. And, assuming
the Court of Appeals was correct that under Sosa corpo-
rate liability is a question of international law, there is an
equally strong argument that petitioners cannot satisfy
the high bar of demonstrating a specific, universal, and
obligatory norm of liability for corporations. Indeed,
Judge Leval agreed with the conclusion that international
law does "not provide for any form of liability of corpora-
tions." Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 186.
1
In modern times, there is no doubt, of course, that "the
international community has come to recognize the com-
mon danger posed by the flagrant disregard of basic hu-
man rights," leading "the nations of the world to recognize
14 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

that respect for fundamental human rights is in their
individual and collective interest." Filartiga, 630 F. 2d, at
890. That principle and commitment support the conclu-
sion that human-rights norms must bind the individual
men and women responsible for committing humanity's
most terrible crimes, not just nation-states in their inter-
actions with one another. "The singular achievement of
international law since the Second World War has come in
the area of human rights," where international law now
imposes duties on individuals as well as nation-states.
Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 118.
It does not follow, however, that current principles of
international law extend liability -- civil or criminal -- for
human-rights violations to corporations or other artificial
entities. This is confirmed by the fact that the charters of
respective international criminal tribunals often exclude
corporations from their jurisdictional reach.
The Charter for the Nuremberg Tribunal, created by the
Allies after World War II, provided that the Tribunal had
jurisdiction over natural persons only. See Agreement for
Prosecution and Punishment of Major War Criminals of
the European Axis, Art. 6, Aug. 8, 1945, 59 Stat. 1547,
E. A. S. 472. Later, a United States Military Tribunal
prosecuted 24 executives of the German corporation IG
Farben. 7 Trials of War Criminals Before the Nuernberg
Military Tribunals Under Control Council Law No. 10,
pp. 11 -- 60 (1952) (The Farben Case). Among other crimes,
Farben's employees had operated a slave-labor camp at
Auschwitz and "knowingly and intentionally manufac-
tured and provided" the poison gas used in the Nazi death
chambers. Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 135. Although the Mili-
tary Tribunal "used the term 'Farben' as descriptive of the
instrumentality of cohesion in the name of which" the
crimes were committed, the Tribunal noted that "corpora-
tions act through individuals." 8 The Farben Case, at
1153. Farben itself was not held liable. See ibid.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 15

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

The jurisdictional reach of more recent international
tribunals also has been limited to "natural persons." See
Statute of the International Criminal Tribunal for the
Former Yugoslavia, S. C. Res. 827 (May 25, 1993), adopt-
ing U. N. Secretary-General Rep. Pursuant to Paragraph 2
of Security Council Resolution 808, Art. 6, U. N. Doc.
S/25704 (May 3, 1993); Statute of the International Tribu-
nal for Rwanda, Art. 5, S. C. Res. 955, Art. 5 (Nov. 8,
1994). The Rome Statute of the International Criminal
Court, for example, limits that tribunal's jurisdiction to
"natural persons." See Rome Statute of the International
Criminal Court, Art. 25(1), July 17, 1998, 2187 U. N. T. S.
90. The drafters of the Rome Statute considered, but
rejected, a proposal to give the International Criminal
Court jurisdiction over corporations. Eser, Individual
Criminal Responsibility, in 1 Rome Statute of the Interna-
tional Criminal Court 767, 778 -- 779 (A. Cassese et al. eds.
2002).
The international community's conscious decision to
limit the authority of these international tribunals to
natural persons counsels against a broad holding that
there is a specific, universal, and obligatory norm of corpo-
rate liability under currently prevailing international law.
2
In light of the sources just discussed, the sources peti-
tioners rely on to support their contention that liability for
corporations is well established as a matter of interna-
tional law lend weak support to their position.
Petitioners first point to the International Convention
for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism. This
Convention imposes an obligation on "Each State Party"
"to enable a legal entity located in its territory or orga-
nized under its laws to be held liable when a person re-
sponsible for the management or control of that legal
entity has, in that capacity," violated the Convention.
16 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

International Convention for the Suppression of the Fi-
nancing of Terrorism, Dec. 9, 1999, S. Treaty Doc. No.
106 -- 49, 2178 U. N. T. S. 232. But by its terms the Con-
vention imposes its obligations only on nation-states "to
enable" corporations to be held liable in certain circum-
stances under domestic law. The United States and other
nations, including Jordan, may fulfill their obligations
under the Convention by adopting detailed regulatory
regimes governing financial institutions. See, e.g., 18
U. S. C. (private right of action under the Anti-
Terrorism Act); 31 U. S. C. et seq. (Bank Secrecy
Act); 31 CFR pt. 595 (2017) (Terrorism Sanctions Regula-
tions); Brief for Central Bank of Jordan as Amicus Curiae
5 (describing Jordan's "comprehensive approach to pre-
venting money laundering and terrorist financing"). The
Convention neither requires nor authorizes courts, with-
out congressional authorization, to displace those detailed
regulatory regimes by allowing common-law actions under
the ATS. And nothing in the Convention's text requires
signatories to hold corporations liable in common-law tort
actions raising claims under international law.
In addition, petitioners and their amici cite a few cases
from other nations and the Special Tribunal for Lebanon
that, according to petitioners, are examples of corporations
being held liable for violations of international law. E.g.,
Brief for Petitioners 50 -- 51. Yet even assuming that these
cases are relevant examples, at most they demonstrate
that corporate liability might be permissible under inter-
national law in some circumstances. That falls far short of
establishing a specific, universal, and obligatory norm of
corporate liability.
It must be remembered that international law is distinct
from domestic law in its domain as well as its objectives.
International human-rights norms prohibit acts repug-
nant to all civilized peoples -- crimes like genocide, torture,
and slavery, that make their perpetrators "enem[ies] of all
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 17

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

mankind." Sosa, 542 U. S., at 732. In the American legal system, of course,
corporations are often subject to liability for the conduct of
their human employees, and so it may seem necessary and
natural that corporate entities are liable for violations of
international law under the ATS. It is true, furthermore,
that the enormity of the offenses that can be committed
against persons in violation of international human-rights
protections can be cited to show that corporations should
be subject to liability for the crimes of their human agents.
But the international community has not yet taken that
step, at least in the specific, universal, and obligatory
manner required by Sosa. Indeed, there is precedent to
the contrary in the statement during the Nuremberg
proceedings that "[c]rimes against international law are
committed by men, not by abstract entities, and only by
punishing individuals who commit such crimes can the
provisions of international law be enforced." The Nurn-
berg Trial, 6 F. R. D. 69, 110 (1946).
Petitioners also contend that international law leaves
questions of remedies open for determination under do-
mestic law. As they see it, corporate liability is a remedial
consideration, not a substantive principle that must be
supported by a universal and obligatory norm if it is to be
implemented under the ATS. According to petitioners,
footnote 20 in Sosa does no more than recognize the dis-
tinction in international law between state and private
actors. But, as just explained, there is a similar distinc-
tion in international law between corporations and natu-
ral persons. And it is far from obvious why the question
whether corporations may be held liable for the interna-
tional crimes of their employees is a mere question of
remedy.
In any event, the Court need not resolve the questions
whether corporate liability is a question that is governed
by international law, or, if so, whether international law
18 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

imposes liability on corporations. There is at least suffi-
cient doubt on the point to turn to Sosa's second ques-
tion -- whether the Judiciary must defer to Congress,
allowing it to determine in the first instance whether that
universal norm has been recognized and, if so, whether it
is prudent and necessary to direct its enforcement in suits
under the ATS.
B
1
Sosa is consistent with this Court's general reluctance
to extend judicially created private rights of action. The
Court's recent precedents cast doubt on the authority of
courts to extend or create private causes of action even in
the realm of domestic law, where this Court has "recently
and repeatedly said that a decision to create a private
right of action is one better left to legislative judgment in
the great majority of cases." 542 U. S., at 727 ;
Alexander v. Sandoval, -- 287 (2001)).
That is because "the Legislature is in the better position to
consider if the public interest would be served by imposing
a new substantive legal liability." Ziglar v. Abbasi, 582
U. S. ___, ___ (2017). Thus, "if there are sound reasons to think
Congress might doubt the efficacy or necessity of a dam-
ages remedy,... courts must refrain from creating the
remedy in order to respect the role of Congress." Id., at
___.
This caution extends to the question whether the courts
should exercise the judicial authority to mandate a rule
that imposes liability upon artificial entities like corpora-
tions. Thus, in Malesko the Court held that corporate
defendants may not be held liable in Bivens actions. See
Bivens v. Six Unknown Fed. Narcotics Agents, (1971). Allowing corporate liability would have been a
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 19

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

"marked extension" of Bivens that was unnecessary to
advance its purpose of holding individual officers respon-
sible for "engaging in unconstitutional wrongdoing."
Malesko, 534 U. S., at 74. Whether corporate defendants
should be subject to suit was "a question for Congress, not
us, to decide." Id., at 72.
Neither the language of the ATS nor the precedents
interpreting it support an exception to these general prin-
ciples in this context. In fact, the separation-of-powers
concerns that counsel against courts creating private
rights of action apply with particular force in the context
of the ATS. See infra, at 25 -- 26. The political branches,
not the Judiciary, have the responsibility and institutional
capacity to weigh foreign-policy concerns. See Kiobel, 569
U. S., at 116 -- 117. That the ATS implicates foreign rela-
tions "is itself a reason for a high bar to new private causes
of action for violating international law." Sosa, supra,
at 727.
In Sosa, the Court emphasized that federal courts must
exercise "great caution" before recognizing new forms of
liability under the ATS. 542 U. S., at 728. In light of the
foreign-policy and separation-of-powers concerns inherent
in ATS litigation, there is an argument that a proper
application of Sosa would preclude courts from ever recog-
nizing any new causes of action under the ATS. But the
Court need not resolve that question in this case. Either
way, absent further action from Congress it would be
inappropriate for courts to extend ATS liability to foreign
corporations.
2
Even in areas less fraught with foreign-policy conse-
quences, the Court looks to analogous statutes for guid-
ance on the appropriate boundaries of judge-made causes
of action. See, e.g., Miles v. Apex Marine Corp., (1990); Blue Chip Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores,
20 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

(1975). Doing so is even more im-
portant in the realm of international law, where "the
general practice has been to look for legislative guidance
before exercising innovative authority over substantive
law." Sosa, supra, at 726.
Here, the logical place to look for a statutory analogy to
an ATS common-law action is the TVPA -- the only cause
of action under the ATS created by Congress rather than
the courts. As explained above, Congress drafted the
TVPA to "establish an unambiguous and modern basis for
a cause of action" under the ATS. H. R. Rep., at 3; S. Rep.,
at 4 -- 5. Congress took care to delineate the TVPA's
boundaries. In doing so, it could weigh the foreign-policy
implications of its rule. Among other things, Congress
specified who may be liable, created an exhaustion re-
quirement, and established a limitations period. Kiobel,
569 U. S., at 117. In Kiobel, the Court recognized that
"[e]ach of these decisions carries with it significant foreign
policy implications." Ibid. The TVPA reflects Congress'
considered judgment of the proper structure for a right of
action under the ATS. Absent a compelling justification,
courts should not deviate from that model.
The key feature of the TVPA for this case is that it
limits liability to "individuals," which, the Court has held,
unambiguously limits liability to natural persons. Mo-
hamad v. Palestinian Authority, -- 456
(2012). Congress' decision to exclude liability for corpora-
tions in actions brought under the TVPA is all but disposi-
tive of the present case. That decision illustrates that
significant foreign-policy implications require the courts to
draw a careful balance in defining the scope of actions
under the ATS. It would be inconsistent with that balance
to create a remedy broader than the one created by Con-
gress. Indeed, it "would be remarkable to take a more
aggressive role in exercising a jurisdiction that remained
largely in shadow for much of the prior two centuries."
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 21

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

Sosa, supra, at 726.
According to petitioners, the TVPA is not a useful
guidepost because Congress limited liability under that
statute to "individuals" out of concern for the sovereign
immunity of foreign governmental entities, not out of
general hesitation about corporate liability under the ATS.
The argument seems to run as follows: The TVPA provides
a right of action to victims of torture and extrajudicial
killing, and under international law those human-rights
violations require state action. For a corporation's em-
ployees to violate these norms therefore would require the
corporation to be an instrumentality of a foreign state or
other sovereign entity. That concern is absent, petitioners
insist, for crimes that lack a state-action requirement -- for
example, genocide, slavery, or, in the present case, the
financing of terrorists.
At least two flaws inhere in this argument. First, in
Mohamad the Court unanimously rejected petitioners'
account of the TVPA's legislative history. 566 U. S., at
453, 458 -- 460. The Court instead read that history to
demonstrate that Congress acted to exclude all corporate
entities, not just the sovereign ones. Id., at 459 -- 460 (cit-
ing Hearing and Markup on H. R. 1417 before the House
Committee on Foreign Affairs and Its Subcommittee on
Human Rights and International Organizations, 100th
Cong., 2d Sess., 87 -- 88 (1988)); see also 566 U. S., at 461 -- 
462 (BREYER, J., concurring). Second, even for international-
law norms that do not require state action, plaintiffs
can still use corporations as surrogate defendants to
challenge the conduct of foreign governments. In Kiobel,
for example, the plaintiffs sought to hold a corporate
defendant liable for "aiding and abetting the Nigerian
Government in committing," among other things, "crimes
against humanity." 569 U. S., at 114; see also, e.g., Sarei
v. Rio Tinto, PLC, 671 F. 3d 736, 761 -- 763 (CA9 2011) (en
banc) (corporate defendant allegedly used Papua New
22 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

Guinea's military to commit genocide), vacated and re-
manded, (2013).
Petitioners contend that, instead of the TVPA, the most
analogous statute here is the Anti-Terrorism Act. That
Act does permit suits against corporate entities. See 18
U. S. C., 2333(d)(2). In fact, in these suits some
of the foreign plaintiffs joined their claims to those of
United States nationals suing Arab Bank under the Anti-
Terrorism Act. But the Anti-Terrorism Act provides a
cause of action only to "national[s] of the United States,"
and their "estate, survivors, or heirs.". In con-
trast, the ATS is available only for claims brought by "an
alien." 28 U. S. C.. A statute that excludes foreign
nationals (with the possible exception of foreign survivors
or heirs) is an inapt analogy for a common-law cause of
action that provides a remedy for foreign nationals only.
To the extent, furthermore, that the Anti-Terrorism Act
is relevant it suggests that there should be no common-
law action under the ATS for allegations like petitioners'.
Otherwise, foreign plaintiffs could bypass Congress' ex-
press limitations on liability under the Anti-Terrorism Act
simply by bringing an ATS lawsuit. The Anti-Terrorism
Act, as mentioned above, is part of a comprehensive statu-
tory and regulatory regime that prohibits terrorism and
terrorism financing. The detailed regulatory structures
prescribed by Congress and the federal agencies charged
with oversight of financial institutions reflect the careful
deliberation of the political branches on when, and how,
banks should be held liable for the financing of terrorism.
It would be inappropriate for courts to displace this con-
sidered statutory and regulatory structure by holding
banks subject to common-law liability in actions filed
under the ATS.
In any event, even if the Anti-Terrorism Act were a
suitable model for an ATS suit, Congress' decision in the
TVPA to limit liability to individuals still demonstrates
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 23

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

that there are two reasonable choices. In this area, that is
dispositive -- Congress, not the Judiciary, must decide
whether to expand the scope of liability under the ATS to
include foreign corporations.
3
Other considerations relevant to the exercise of judicial
discretion also counsel against allowing liability under the
ATS for foreign corporations, absent instructions from
Congress to do so. It has not been shown that corporate
liability under the ATS is essential to serve the goals of
the statute. As to the question of adequate remedies, the
ATS will seldom be the only way for plaintiffs to hold the
perpetrators liable. See, e.g., 18 U. S. C. (criminal
prohibition on genocide); (civil remedy for victims of
slavery). And plaintiffs still can sue the individual corpo-
rate employees responsible for a violation of international
law under the ATS. If the Court were to hold that foreign
corporations have liability for international-law violations,
then plaintiffs may well ignore the human perpetrators
and concentrate instead on multinational corporate
entities.
As explained above, in the context of criminal tribunals
international law itself generally limits liability to natural
persons. Although the Court need not decide whether the
seeming absence of a specific, universal, and obligatory
norm of corporate liability under international law by
itself forecloses petitioners' claims against Arab Bank, or
whether this is an issue governed by international law,
the lack of a clear and well-established international-law
rule is of critical relevance in determining whether courts
should extend ATS liability to foreign corporations without
specific congressional authorization to do so. That is
especially so in light of the TVPA's limitation of liability to
natural persons, which parallels the distinction between
corporations and individuals in international law.
24 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

If, moreover, the Court were to hold that foreign corpo-
rations may be held liable under the ATS, that precedent-
setting principle "would imply that other nations, also
applying the law of nations, could hale our [corporations]
into their courts for alleged violations of the law of na-
tions." Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 124. This judicially mandated
doctrine, in turn, could subject American corporations to
an immediate, constant risk of claims seeking to impose
massive liability for the alleged conduct of their employees
and subsidiaries around the world, all as determined in
foreign courts, thereby "hinder[ing] global investment in
developing economies, where it is most needed." Brief for
United States as Amicus Curiae in American Isuzu Mo-
tors, Inc. v. Ntsebeza, O. T. 2007, No. 07 -- 919, p. 20 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted).
In other words, allowing plaintiffs to sue foreign corpo-
rations under the ATS could establish a precedent that
discourages American corporations from investing abroad,
including in developing economies where the host govern-
ment might have a history of alleged human-rights viola-
tions, or where judicial systems might lack the safeguards
of United States courts. And, in consequence, that often
might deter the active corporate investment that contrib-
utes to the economic development that so often is an es-
sential foundation for human rights.
It is also true, of course, that natural persons can and do
use corporations for sinister purposes, including conduct
that violates international law. That the corporate form
can be an instrument for inflicting grave harm and suffer-
ing poses serious and complex questions both for the in-
ternational community and for Congress. So there are
strong arguments for permitting the victims to seek relief
from corporations themselves. Yet the urgency and com-
plexity of this problem make it all the more important that
Congress determine whether victims of human-rights
abuses may sue foreign corporations in federal courts in
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 25

Opinion of the Court

the United States. Congress, not the Judiciary, is the
branch with "the facilities necessary to make fairly such
an important policy decision where the possibilities of
international discord are so evident and retaliative action
so certain." Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 116. As noted further below, there are many
delicate and important considerations that Congress is in
a better position to examine in determining whether and
how best to impose corporate liability. And, as the TVPA
illustrates, Congress is well aware of the necessity of
clarifying the proper scope of liability under the ATS in a
timely way.
C
The ATS was intended to promote harmony in interna-
tional relations by ensuring foreign plaintiffs a remedy for
international-law violations in circumstances where the
absence of such a remedy might provoke foreign nations to
hold the United States accountable. Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 7. But here, and in similar cases,
the opposite is occurring.
Petitioners are foreign nationals seeking hundreds of
millions of dollars in damages from a major Jordanian
financial institution for injuries suffered in attacks by
foreign terrorists in the Middle East. The only alleged
connections to the United States are the CHIPS transac-
tions in Arab Bank's New York branch and a brief allega-
tion regarding a charity in Texas. The Court of Appeals
did not address, and the Court need not now decide,
whether these allegations are sufficient to "touch and
concern" the United States under Kiobel. See 569 U. S., at
124 -- 125.
At a minimum, the relatively minor connection between
the terrorist attacks at issue in this case and the alleged
conduct in the United States well illustrates the perils of
extending the scope of ATS liability to foreign multina-
26 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

tional corporations like Arab Bank. For 13 years, this
litigation has "caused significant diplomatic tensions" with
Jordan, a critical ally in one of the world's most sensitive
regions. Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 30.
"Jordan is a key counterterrorism partner, especially in
the global campaign to defeat the Islamic State in Iraq
and Syria." Id., at 31. The United States explains that
Arab Bank itself is "a constructive partner with the
United States in working to prevent terrorist financing." Id.,
at 32. Jordan consid-
ers the instant litigation to be a "grave affront" to its
sovereignty. See Brief for Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan
as Amicus Curiae 3; see ibid. ("By exposing Arab Bank to
massive liability, this suit thus threatens to destabilize
Jordan's economy and undermine its cooperation with the
United States").
This is not the first time, furthermore, that a foreign
sovereign has appeared in this Court to note its objections
to ATS litigation. Sosa, 542 U. S., at 733, (noting
objections by the European Commission and South Africa);
Brief for the Federal Republic of Germany as Amicus
Curiae in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012,
No. 10 -- 1491, p. 1; Brief for the Government of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the
Kingdom of the Netherlands as Amici Curiae in No. 10 -- 
1491, p. 3. These are the very foreign-relations tensions
the First Congress sought to avoid.
Petitioners insist that whatever the faults of this litiga-
tion -- for example, its tenuous connections to the United
States and the prolonged diplomatic disruptions it has
caused -- the fact that Arab Bank is a foreign corporate
entity, as distinct from a natural person, is not one of
them. That misses the point. As demonstrated by this
litigation, foreign corporate defendants create unique
problems. And courts are not well suited to make the
required policy judgments that are implicated by corporate
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 27

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

liability in cases like this one.
Like the presumption against extraterritoriality, judi-
cial caution under Sosa "guards against our courts trigger-
ing... serious foreign policy consequences, and instead
defers such decisions, quite appropriately, to the political
branches." Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 124. If, in light of all the
concerns that must be weighed before imposing liability on
foreign corporations via ATS suits, the Court were to hold
that it has the discretion to make that determination, then
the cautionary language of Sosa would be little more than
empty rhetoric. Accordingly, the Court holds that foreign
corporations may not be defendants in suits brought under
the ATS.
III
With the ATS, the First Congress provided a federal
remedy for a narrow category of international-law viola-
tions committed by individuals. Whether, more than two
centuries on, a similar remedy should be available against
foreign corporations is similarly a decision that Congress
must make.
The political branches can determine, referring to inter-
national law to the extent they deem proper, whether to
impose liability for human-rights violations upon foreign
corporations in this Nation's courts, and, conversely, that
courts in other countries should be able to hold United
States corporations liable. Congress might determine that
violations of international law do, or should, impose that
liability to ensure that corporations make every effort to
deter human-rights violations, and so that, even when
those efforts cannot be faulted, compensation for injured
persons will be a cost of doing business. If Congress and
the Executive were to determine that corporations should
be liable for violations of international law, that decision
would have special power and force because it would be
made by the branches most immediately responsive to,
28 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

and accountable to, the electorate.
It is still another possibility that, in the careful exercise
of its expertise in the field of foreign affairs, Congress
might conclude that neutral judicial safeguards may not
be ensured in every country; and so, as a reciprocal mat-
ter, it could determine that liability of foreign corporations
under the ATS should be subject to some limitations or
preconditions. Congress might deem this more careful
course to be the best way to encourage American corpora-
tions to undertake the extensive investments and foreign
operations that can be an important beginning point for
creating the infrastructures that allow human rights, as
well as judicial safeguards, to emerge. These delicate
judgments, involving a balance that it is the prerogative of
the political branches to make, especially in the field of
foreign affairs, would, once again, also be entitled to spe-
cial respect, especially because those careful distinctions
might themselves advance the Rule of Law. All this un-
derscores the important separation-of-powers concerns
that require the Judiciary to refrain from making these
kinds of decisions under the ATS. The political branches,
moreover, surely are better positioned than the Judiciary
to determine if corporate liability would, or would not,
create special risks of disrupting good relations with for-
eign governments.
Finally, Congress might find that corporate liability
should be limited to cases where a corporation's manage-
ment was actively complicit in the crime. Cf. ALI, Model
Penal Code.07(1)(c) (1985) (a corporation may be held
criminally liable where "the commission of the offense was
authorized, requested, commanded, performed or recklessly
tolerated by the board of directors or by a high managerial
agent acting on behalf of the corporation within the scope
of his office or employment"). Again, the political branches
are better equipped to make the preliminary findings
and consequent conclusions that should inform this
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 29

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

determination.
These and other considerations that must shape and
instruct the formulation of principles of international and
domestic law are matters that the political branches are in
the better position to define and articulate. For these
reasons, judicial deference requires that any imposition of
corporate liability on foreign corporations for violations of
international law must be determined in the first instance
by the political branches of the Government.
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is affirmed.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full because it correctly
applies our precedents. I also agree with the points raised
by my concurring colleagues. Courts should not be in the
business of creating new causes of action under the Alien
Tort Statute, see post, at 2 -- 5 (GORSUCH, J., concurring in
part and concurring in judgment), especially when it risks
international strife, see post, at 3 -- 7 (ALITO, J., concurring
in part and concurring in judgment). And the Alien Tort
Statute likely does not apply to suits between foreign
plaintiffs and foreign defendants. See post, at 5 -- 14 (opin-
ion of GORSUCH, J.).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of ALITO, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE ALITO, concurring in part and concurring in the
judgment.
Creating causes of action under the Alien Tort Statute
against foreign corporate defendants would precipitate
exactly the sort of diplomatic strife that the law was en-
acted to prevent. As a result, I agree with the Court that
we should not take that step, and I join Parts I, II -- B -- 1,
and II -- C of the opinion of the Court. I write separately to
elaborate on why that outcome is compelled not only by
"judicial caution," ante, at 27 (majority opinion), but also
by the separation of powers.
I
The ATS is a jurisdictional statute. It provides that
"[t]he district courts shall have original jurisdiction of any
civil action by an alien for a tort only, committed in viola-
tion of the law of nations or a treaty of the United States."
28 U. S. C.. By its terms, the ATS does not create
any causes of action.
In Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, (2004), how-
ever, this Court nevertheless held that federal courts,
exercising their authority in limited circumstances to
make federal common law, may create causes of action
that aliens may assert under the ATS. That holding takes
some explaining.
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of ALITO, J.

According to Sosa, when the First Congress enacted the
ATS in 1789, it assumed that the statute would "have
practical effect the moment it became law" because the
general common law "would provide a cause of action for
[a] modest number of international law violations." Id., at
724. That assumption, however, depended on the contin-
ued existence of the general common law. And in 1938 -- a
century and a half after Congress enacted the ATS -- this
Court rejected the "fallacy" underlying the general com-
mon law, declaring definitively that "[t]here is no federal
general common law." Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins, 79 (1938). That left the ATS in an awkward spot:
Congress had not created any causes of action for the
statute on the assumption that litigants would use those
provided by the general common law, but now the general
common law was no more.
In Sosa, this Court did its best to resolve that problem.
"[I]t would be unreasonable to assume," the Court ex-
plained, "that the First Congress would have expected
federal courts to lose all capacity to recognize enforceable
international norms simply because the [general] common
law might lose some metaphysical cachet on the road to
modern realism." 542 U. S., at 730. Although the general
common law was gone, the Court concluded, federal courts
could still exercise their authority to create so-called "fed-
eral common law" for those " 'few and restricted' " areas "in
which Congress has given the courts the power to develop
substantive law." Texas Industries, Inc. v. Radcliff Mate-
rials, Inc., (1981). Sosa interpreted the
ATS as conferring such authorization.
As a result, Sosa held that federal courts, subject to
certain conditions, may "recognize private causes of action
[under the ATS] for certain torts in violation of the law of
nations." 542 U. S., at 724. But before doing so, Sosa
stressed, courts should follow a two-step process. First,
they should ensure that the contemplated cause of action
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of ALITO, J.

reflects an international law norm that is " 'specific, uni-
versal and obligatory.' " Id., at 732. Second, if a suitable
norm is identified, federal courts should decide whether
there is any other reason to limit "the availability of re-
lief." Id., at 733,.
II
For the reasons articulated by Justice Scalia in Sosa
and by JUSTICE GORSUCH today, I am not certain that
Sosa was correctly decided. See id., at 739 -- 751 (Scalia, J.,
dissenting); post, at 2 -- 5 (GORSUCH, J., concurring in part
and concurring in judgment). But even taking that deci-
sion on its own terms, this Court should not create causes
of action under the ATS against foreign corporate defend-
ants. As part of Sosa's second step, a court should decline
to create a cause of action as a matter of federal common
law where the result would be to further, not avoid, dip-
lomatic strife. Properly applied, that rule easily resolves
the question presented by this case.*
Sosa interpreted the ATS to authorize the federal courts
to create causes of action as a matter of federal common
law. We have repeatedly emphasized that "in fashioning
federal [common law] principles to govern areas left open
by Congress, our function is to effectuate congressional
policy." United States v. Kimbell Foods, Inc., (1979). Fidelity to congressional policy is not
only prudent but necessary: Going beyond the bounds of
Congress's authorization would mean unconstitutionally
usurping part of the "legislative Powers." U. S. Const.,
Art. I,. Accordingly, the objective for courts in every
case requiring the creation of federal common law must be
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* Because this case involves a foreign corporation, we have no need to
reach the question whether an alien may sue a United States corpora-
tion under the ATS. And since such a suit may generally be brought in
federal court based on diversity jurisdiction, 28 U. S. C. (2), it
is unclear why ATS jurisdiction would be needed in that situation.
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of ALITO, J.

"to find the rule that will best effectuate the federal policy."
Textile Workers v. Lincoln Mills of Ala., (1957).
The ATS was meant to help the United States avoid
diplomatic friction. The First Congress enacted the law to
provide a forum for adjudicating that "narrow set of viola-
tions of the law of nations" that, if left unaddressed,
"threaten[ed] serious consequences" for the United States.
Sosa, 542 U. S., at 715; see also Brief for Professors of
International Law et al. as Amici Curiae 7 -- 12. Specifically,
the First Congress was concerned about offenses like
piracy, violation of safe conducts, and infringement of the
rights of ambassadors, each of which "if not adequately
redressed could rise to an issue of war." Sosa, supra, at
715. That threat was existentially terrifying for the young
Nation. See Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., -- 124 (2013). To minimize the danger, the
First Congress enacted the ATS, "ensur[ing] that the
United States could provide a forum for adjudicating such
incidents" and thus helping the Nation avoid further
diplomatic imbroglios. Id., at 124; see ante, at 25 (majority
opinion).
Putting that objective together with the rules governing
federal common law generally, the following principle
emerges: Federal courts should decline to create federal
common law causes of action under Sosa's second step
whenever doing so would not materially advance the
ATS's objective of avoiding diplomatic strife. And apply-
ing that principle here, it is clear that federal courts
should not create causes of action under the ATS against
foreign corporate defendants. All parties agree that cus-
tomary international law does not require corporate liabil-
ity as a general matter. See Brief for Petitioners 30; Brief
for Respondent 22; see also ante, at 17 (plurality opinion);
post, at 3 -- 4 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). But if customary
international law does not require corporate liability, then
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of ALITO, J.

declining to create it under the ATS cannot give other
nations just cause for complaint against the United States.
To the contrary, ATS suits against foreign corporations
may provoke -- and, indeed, frequently have provoked -- 
exactly the sort of diplomatic strife inimical to the funda-
mental purpose of the ATS. Some foreign states appear to
interpret international law as foreclosing civil corporate
liability for violations of the law of nations. See Brief for
Government of the United Kingdom et al. as Amici Curiae
in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No.
10 -- 1491, p. 14. Creating ATS causes of action against
foreign corporate defendants would put the United States
at odds with these nations. Even when states do not
object to this sort of corporate liability as a legal matter,
they may be concerned about ATS suits against their
corporations for political reasons. For example, Jordan
considers this suit "a direct affront" to its sovereignty and
one that "risks destabilizing Jordan's economy and under-
cutting one of the most stable and productive alliances the
United States has in the Middle East." Brief for Hashe-
mite Kingdom of Jordan as Amicus Curiae 4. Courting
these sorts of problems -- which seem endemic to ATS
litigation -- was the opposite of what the First Congress
had in mind.
In response, the dissent argues merely that any diplo-
matic friction "can be addressed with a tool more tailored
to the source of the problem than a blanket ban on corpo-
rate liability." Post, at 19. Even on its own terms, that
argument is problematic: Many of the "more tailored" tools
offered by the dissent will still be hotly litigated by ATS
plaintiffs, and it may be years before incorrect initial
decisions about their applicability can be reviewed by the
courts of appeals. See ante, at 11 (plurality opinion).
In any event, the dissent misunderstands the relevant
standard. The question before us is whether the United
States would be embroiled in fewer international contro-
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of ALITO, J.

versies if we created causes of action under the ATS
against foreign corporate defendants. Unless corporate
liability would actively decrease diplomatic disputes, we
have no authority to act. On that score, the dissent can
only speculate that declining to create causes of action
against foreign corporate defendants "might" lead to dip-
lomatic friction. Post, at 30. But the dissent has no real-
world examples to support its hunch, and that is not sur-
prising; the ATS already goes further than any other
statute in the world in granting aliens the right to sue
civilly for violations of international law, especially in
light of the many other avenues for relief available. See
ante, at 23 (plurality opinion). It would be rather rich for
any other nation to complain that the ATS does not go far
enough. Indeed, no country has.
Finally, the dissent invokes "the considered judgment of
the Executive Branch and Congress" that ATS suits
against foreign corporations are "necessary 'to help the
United States avoid diplomatic friction.' " Post, at 31,. Tellingly, however, the dissent cannot muster a
single source that actually supports that bold contention.
Instead, the dissent immediately retreats to two far more
modest assertions. First, the dissent observes that the
Executive Branch has twice suggested that this Court
should allow causes of action against corporate defendants
under the ATS. But both times the Executive Branch
defended that perspective primarily under the first step of
Sosa; here, however, we are dealing with Sosa's second
step, and with the risk of diplomatic friction in particular.
Second, the dissent also notes that the Executive Branch
and Congress have each taken steps to hold corporations
liable for certain acts like terrorism. Post, at 31,.
That is, of course, true, but it is also entirely irrelevant.
Congress and the Executive Branch may be willing to
trade off the risk of some diplomatic friction in exchange
for the promotion of other objectives (such as "holding
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of ALITO, J.

foreign corporations to account for certain egregious con-
duct," ibid.). That is their prerogative as the political
branches. But consistent with the separation of powers,
we have neither the luxury nor the right to make such
policy decisions ourselves.
Creating causes of action under the ATS against foreign
corporate defendants would be a no-win proposition.
Foreign corporate liability would not only fail to meaning-
fully advance the objectives of the ATS, but it would also
lead to precisely those "serious consequences in interna-
tional affairs" that the ATS was enacted to avoid. Sosa,
542 U. S., at 715. Under those circumstances, federal
courts have a duty to refrain from acting. Although that
may make it more difficult for aliens to hold foreign corpo-
rations liable for human rights abuses, we have repeatedly
rejected the view that the ATS was meant to transform
the federal courts into forums for the litigation of all hu-
man rights suits. See ante, at 8 -- 9, 25 -- 27 (majority opin-
ion); Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 123 -- 124; Sosa, supra, at 715 -- 
718. Declining to extend the ATS to foreign corporate
defendants is thus not about "[i]mmunizing corporations
that violate human rights," post, at 34, but rather about
furthering the purpose that the ATS was actually meant
to serve -- avoiding diplomatic strife.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE GORSUCH, concurring in part and concurring in
the judgment.
I am pleased to join the Court's judgment and Parts I,
II -- B -- 1, and II -- C of its opinion. Respectfully, though, I
believe there are two more fundamental reasons why this
lawsuit must be dismissed. A group of foreign plaintiffs
wants a federal court to invent a new cause of action so
they can sue another foreigner for allegedly breaching
international norms. In any other context, a federal judge
faced with a request like that would know exactly what to
do with it: dismiss it out of hand. Not because the defend-
ant happens to be a corporation instead of a human being.
But because the job of creating new causes of action and
navigating foreign policy disputes belongs to the political
branches. For reasons passing understanding, federal
courts have sometimes treated the Alien Tort Statute as a
license to overlook these foundational principles. I would
end ATS exceptionalism. We should refuse invitations to
create new forms of legal liability. And we should not
meddle in disputes between foreign citizens over interna-
tional norms. I write because I am hopeful that courts in
the future might pause to consider both of these reasons
for restraint before taking up cases like this one. Whatever
powers courts may possess in ATS suits, they are powers
judges should be doubly careful not to abuse.
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

I
First adopted in 1789, the current version of the ATS
provides that "[t]he district courts shall have original
jurisdiction of any civil action by an alien for a tort only,
committed in violation of the law of nations or a treaty of
the United States." 28 U. S. C.. More than two
hundred years later, the meaning of this terse provision
has still "proven elusive." Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, (2004). At the same time, this Court has
suggested that Congress enacted the statute to afford
federal courts jurisdiction to hear tort claims related to
three violations of international law that were already
embodied in English common law: violations of safe con-
ducts extended to aliens, interference with ambassadors,
and piracy. Id., at 715; 4 W. Blackstone, Commentaries on
the Laws of England 68 (1769) (Blackstone); see also
Bellia & Clark, The Alien Tort Statute and the Law of
Nations, 78 U. Chi. L. Rev. 445 (2011) (arguing that the
ATS meant to supply jurisdiction over a slightly larger set
of claims involving intentional torts by Americans against
aliens).
In this case, the plaintiffs seek much more. They want
the federal courts to recognize a new cause of action, one
that did not exist at the time of the statute's adoption, one
that Congress has never authorized. While their request
might appear inconsistent with Sosa's explanation of the
ATS's modest origin, the plaintiffs say that a caveat later
in the opinion saves them. They point to a passage where
the Court went on to suggest that the ATS may also afford
federal judges "discretion [to] conside[r] [creating] new
cause[s] of action" if they "rest on a norm of international
character accepted by the civilized world and defined with
a specificity comparable to the features of the [three] 18th-
century" torts the Court already described. 542 U. S., at
725.
I harbor serious doubts about Sosa's suggestion. In our
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

democracy the people's elected representatives make the
laws that govern them. Judges do not. The Constitution's
provisions insulating judges from political accountability
may promote our ability to render impartial judgments
in disputes between the people, but they do nothing
to recommend us as policymakers for a large nation.
Recognizing just this, our cases have held that when
confronted with a request to fashion a new cause of action,
"separation-of-powers principles are or should be central
to the analysis." Ziglar v. Abbasi, 582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017). The first and most important question in
that analysis "is 'who should decide'..., Congress or the
courts?" and the right answer "most often will be Con-
gress." Ibid. Deciding that, henceforth, persons like A
who engage in certain conduct will be liable to persons like
B is, in every meaningful sense, just like enacting a new
law. And in our constitutional order the job of writing new
laws belongs to Congress, not the courts. Adopting new
causes of action may have been a "proper function for
common-law courts," but it is not appropriate "for federal
tribunals" mindful of the limits of their constitutional
authority. Alexander v. Sandoval, 
(2001).
Nor can I see any reason to make a special exception for
the ATS. As Sosa initially acknowledged, the ATS was
designed as "a jurisdictional statute creating no new
causes of action." 542 U. S., at 724; accord, ante, at 8
(majority opinion). And I would have thought that the end
of the matter. A statute that creates no new causes of
action... creates no new causes of action. To the extent
Sosa continued on to claim for federal judges the discre-
tionary power to create new forms of liability on their own,
it invaded terrain that belongs to the people's representa-
tives and should be promptly returned to them. 542 U. S.,
at 747 (Scalia, J., concurring in part and concurring in
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

judgment).1
But even accepting Sosa's framework does not end the
matter. As the Court acknowledges, there is a strong
argument that "a proper application of Sosa would pre-
clude courts from ever recognizing any new causes of
action under the ATS." Ante, at 19. I believe that argu-
ment is correct. For the reasons just described, separation
of powers considerations ordinarily require us to defer to
Congress in the creation of new forms of liability. This
Court hasn't yet used Sosa's assertion of discretionary
authority to recognize a new cause of action, and I cannot
imagine a sound reason, hundreds of years after the stat-
ute's passage, to start now. For a court inclined to claim
the discretion to enter this field, it is a discretion best
exercised by staying out of it.
The context in which any Sosa discretion would be
exercised confirms the wisdom of restraint. Sosa acknowl-
edged that any decision to create a new cause of action
would "inevitably [involve] an element of judgment about
the practical consequences" that might follow. Id., at 732 -- 
733. But because the point of such a claim would be to
vindicate "a norm of international character," id., at 725,
those "practical consequences" would likely involve ques-
tions of foreign affairs and national security -- matters that
implicate neither judicial expertise nor authority. It is for
Congress to "define and punish... Offences against the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Thedissent claims that Congress's decision to give federal courts
"jurisdiction over claims based on 'the law of nations,' " necessarily
implies the authority to develop that law. Post, at 16. That does not
follow. Federal courts have jurisdiction over all kinds of cases -- for
example, those arising under the law of torts or contracts. Yet follow-
ing our decision in Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins, (1938), federal
courts are generally no longer permitted to promulgate new federal
common law causes of action in those areas. Id., at 75. I can see no
reason to treat the law of nations differently. See Sosa v. Alvarez-
Machain, -- 746 (2004) (Scalia, J., concurring in part
and concurring in judgment).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

Law of Nations" and to regulate foreign commerce. U. S.
Const., Art. I.,. And it is for the President to resolve
diplomatic disputes and command the armed forces. Art.
II, -- 3. Foreign policy and national security decisions
are "delicate, complex, and involve large elements of
prophecy" for which "the Judiciary has neither aptitude,
facilities[,] nor responsibility." Chicago & Southern Air
Lines, Inc. v. Waterman S. S. Corp., 
(1948) (Jackson, J.). And I find it difficult to imagine a
case in which a federal court might safely conclude other-
wise. Take this very lawsuit by way of example. The
Kingdom of Jordan considers it to be "a 'grave affront' to
its sovereignty," and the State Department worries about
its foreign policy implications. Ante, at 26. Whether
American interests justify the "practical consequence" of
offending another nation in this way (or in worse ways
yet) is a question that should be addressed "only by those
directly responsible to the people whose welfare" such
decisions "advance or imperil." Waterman S. S. Corp.,
supra, at 111. So while I have no quarrel with the dis-
sent's observation, post, at 15 -- 16, that lower federal courts
are not free to overrule Sosa's framework or treat it as
optional, I do know that the analysis Sosa requires should
come out the same way in virtually every case. If Sosa is
right -- and I am sure it is -- that federal courts must "inev-
itably" exercise "an element of judgment" about delicate
questions of foreign affairs when deciding whether to
create a new cause of action, then judges should exercise
good judgment by declining the project before we create
real trouble.
II
Another independent problem lurks here. This is a suit
by foreigners against a foreigner over the meaning of
international norms. Respectfully, I do not think the
original understanding of the ATS or our precedent per-
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

mits federal courts to hear cases like this. At a minimum,
both those considerations and simple common sense about
the limits of the judicial function should lead federal
courts to require a domestic defendant before agreeing to
exercise any Sosa-generated discretion to entertain an
ATS suit.
Start with the statute. What we call the Alien Tort
Statute began as just one clause among many in of the
Judiciary Act of 1789, which specified the jurisdiction of
the federal courts. 1 Stat. 76 -- 78. The ATS clause gave
the district courts "cognizance, concurrent with the courts
of the several States, or the circuit courts, as the case may
be, of all causes where an alien sues for a tort only in
violation of the law of nations or a treaty of the United
States."2 Like today's recodified version, 28 U. S. C.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 "Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the district courts shall

have, exclusively of the courts of the several States, cognizance of all
crimes and offences that shall be cognizable under the authority of the
United States, committed within their respective districts, or upon the
high seas; where no other punishment than whipping, not exceeding
thirty stripes, a fine not exceeding one hundred dollars, or a term of
imprisonment not exceeding six months, is to be inflicted; and shall also
have exclusive original cognizance of all civil causes of admiralty and
maritime jurisdiction, including all seizures under laws of impost,
navigation or trade of the United States, where the seizures are made,
on waters which are navigable from the sea by vessels of ten or more
tons burthen, within their respective districts as well as upon the high
seas; saving to suitors, in all cases, the right of a common law remedy,
where the common law is competent to give it; and shall also have
exclusive original cognizance of all seizures on land, or other waters
than as aforesaid, made, and of all suits for penalties and forfeitures
incurred, under the laws of the United States. And shall also have
cognizance, concurrent with the courts of the several States, or the
circuit courts, as the case may be, of all causes where an alien sues for a
tort only in violation of the law of nations or a treaty of the United
States. And shall also have cognizance, concurrent as last mentioned,
of all suits at common law where the United States sue, and the matter
in dispute amounts, exclusive of costs, to the sum or value of one
hundred dollars. And shall also have jurisdiction, exclusively of the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of GORSUCH, J., the original text of the ATS did not expressly call
for a U. S. defendant. But I think it likely would have
been understood to contain such a requirement when
adopted.
That is because the First Congress passed the Judiciary
Act in the shadow of the Constitution. The Act created the
federal courts and vested them with statutory authority to
entertain claims consistent with the newly ratified terms
of Article III. Meanwhile, under Article III, Congress
could not have extended to federal courts the power to
hear just any suit between two aliens (unless, for example,
one was a diplomat). Diversity of citizenship was re-
quired. So, because Article III's diversity-of-citizenship
clause calls for a U. S. party, and because the ATS clause
requires an alien plaintiff, it follows that an American
defendant was needed for an ATS suit to proceed.
Precedent confirms this conclusion. In Mossman v.
Higginson, 4 Dall. 12, 14 (1800), this Court addressed the
meaning of a neighboring provision of the Judiciary Act.
Section 11 gave the circuit courts power to hear, among
other things, civil cases where "an alien is a party." 1
Stat. 78. As with, you might think 's language could
be read to permit a suit between aliens. Yet this Court
held must instead be construed to refer only to cases
"where, indeed, an alien is one party, but a citizen is the
other." Mossman, 4 Dall., at 14. That was necessary, Mossman explained, to give
the statute a "constructio[n] consistent" with the diversity-
jurisdiction clause of Article III. Ibid. And as a matter of
precedent, I cannot think of a good reason why we would
now read differently than Mossman read. Like
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
courts of the several States, of all suits against consuls or vice-consuls,
except for offences above the description aforesaid. And the trial of
issues in fact, in the district courts, in all causes except civil causes of
admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, shall be by jury." 1 Stat. 76 -- 77
(some emphasis added; footnotes omitted).
8 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

cases are, after all, supposed to come out alike. See Sarei
v. Rio Tinto, PLC, 671 F. 3d 736, 828 (CA9 2011) (Ikuta,
J., dissenting) ("Mossman's analysis [of ] is equally
applicable to.... ATS does not give federal courts
jurisdiction to hear international law claims between two
aliens"), vacated and remanded, (2013).
Nor does it appear the ATS meant to rely on any other
head of Article III jurisdiction. You might wonder, for
example, if the First Congress considered a "violation of
the law of nations" to be a violation of, and thus "arise
under," federal law. But that does not seem likely. At the
founding, the law of nations was considered a distinct
"system of rules, deducible by natural reason, and estab-
lished by universal consent among the civilized inhabit-
ants of the world," 4 Blackstone 66. While this Court has
called international law "part of our law," The Paquete
Habana, (1900), and a component of the
"law of the land," The Nereide, 9 Cranch 388, 423 (1815),
that simply meant international law was no different than
the law of torts or contracts -- it was "part of the so-called
general common law," but not part of federal law. Sosa,
542 U. S., at 739 -- 740 (opinion of Scalia, J.). See Bradley &
Goldsmith, Customary International Law as Federal
Common Law: A Critique of the Modern Position, 110
Harv. L. Rev. 815, 824, 849 -- 850 (1997); see also Young,
Sorting Out the Debate Over Customary International
Law, 42 Va. J. Int'l L. 365, 374 -- 375 (2002). The text of the
Constitution appears to recognize just this distinction.
Article I speaks of "Offences against the Law of Nations,"
while both Article III and Article VI's Supremacy Clause,
which defines the scope of pre-emptive federal law, omit
that phrase while referring to the "Laws of the United
States." Congress may act to bring provisions of interna-
tional law into federal law, but they cannot find their way
there on their own. "The law of nations is not embodied in
any provision of the Constitution, nor in any treaty, act of
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

Congress, or any authority, or commission derived from
the United States." Caperton v. Bowyer, 14 Wall. 216, 228
(1872).
Even so, that hardly left the ATS without important
work to perform. At the time of the founding, "[i]f a nation
failed to redress injuries by its citizens upon the citizens of
another nation, the perpetrators' nation violated the 'per-
fect rights' of the other nation," which "provided the of-
fended nation with just cause for reprisals or war." Bellia
& Clark, 78 U. Chi. L. Rev., at 476.3 This reality posed an
existential threat to the new nation. Under the Articles of
Confederation, States regularly refused to redress injuries
their citizens caused foreigners. British creditors, for
example, often found their efforts to collect debts from
American debtors thwarted. Id., at 498 -- 501. Seeking to
remedy these and similar problems, the Continental Con-
gress in 1781 passed a resolution encouraging the States,
among other things, to establish tribunals for vindicating
"offences against the law of nations" and to "authorise
suits to be instituted for damages by the party injured."
Id., at 495 -- 496. But the States did too little, too late. So
when the framers gathered to write the Constitution they
included among their chief priorities endowing the national
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 As a leading treatise explained, a sovereign "ought not to suffer his

subjects to molest the subjects of others, or to do them an injury, much
less should he permit them audaciously to offend foreign powers." E. de
Vattel, 1 The Law of Nations, bk. II, p. 145 (1760). Instead, the
nation "ought to oblige the guilty to repair the damage, if that be
possible, to inflict on him an exemplary punishment, or, in short,
according to the nature of the case, and the circumstances attending it,
to deliver him up to the offended state there to receive justice." Ibid. A
sovereign who "refuses to cause a reparation to be made of the damage
caused by his subject, or to punish the guilty, or, in short, to deliver him
up, renders himself in some measure an accomplice in the injury, and
becomes responsible for it." Id., at 145; see also Bellia & Clark,
The Alien Tort Statute and the Law of Nations, 78 U. Chi. L. Rev. 472 -- 
477 (2011).
10 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

government with sufficient power to ensure the country's
compliance with the law of nations. See 1 Records of the
Federal Convention of 1787, pp. 24 -- 25 (M. Farrand rev.
1966).
Together with other provisions of the Judiciary Act, the
ATS served that purpose. The law of nations required
countries to ensure foreign citizens could obtain redress
for wrongs committed by domestic defendants, whether
"through criminal punishment, extradition, or a civil
remedy." Bellia & Clark, 78 U. Chi. L. Rev., at 509. Yet
in 1789 this country had no comprehensive criminal code
and no extradition treaty with Great Britain. Id., at 509 -- 
510. Section 11 achieved a partial solution to the problem
by permitting civil diversity suits in federal court between
aliens and domestic parties, but that provision required at
least $500 in controversy. 1 Stat. 78; cf. 28 U. S. C.
(today's minimum is $75,000). But, as Professors
Bellia and Clark have explained, "[h]ad Congress stopped
there, it would have omitted an important category of law
of nations violations that threatened the peace of the
United States: personal injuries that US citizens inflicted
upon aliens resulting in less than $500 in damages." 78 U.
Chi. L. Rev., at 509. So the ATS neatly filled the remain-
ing gap by allowing aliens to sue in federal court for a tort
in violation of the law of nations regardless of the amount
in controversy. One obvious advantage of this solution
"was that it was self-executing -- it placed the burden on
injured aliens to bring suit and did not require the still-
forming US government immediately to marshal the
resources necessary to prosecute crimes" or aid extradi-
tions. Id., at 510.
Any attempt to decipher a cryptic old statute is sure to
meet with challenges. For example, one could object that
this reading of the Act does not assign to the ATS the
work of addressing assaults by aliens against foreign
ambassadors on our soil, even though Sosa suggested the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

statute was enacted partly in response to precisely such a
case: the "Marbois incident of May 1784, in which a
French adventurer, De Longchamps, verbally and physi-
cally assaulted the Secretary of the French Legion in
Philadelphia." 542 U. S., at 716. Many thought that the
States' failure to provide a forum for relief to the foreign
minister was a scandal and part of what prompted the
framers of the Constitution to strengthen the national
government. Id., at 717; Bellia & Clark, supra, at 467
("The Confederation's inability to remedy or curtail viola-
tions like these was a significant factor precipitating the
Federal Convention of 1787").
But worries along these lines may be misplaced. The
ATS was never meant to serve as a freestanding statute,
only as one clause in one section of the Judiciary Act. So
even if you think something in the Judiciary Act must be
interpreted to address the Marbois incident, that doesn't
mean it must be the ATS clause. And, as it happens, a
different provision of the Act did deal expressly with the
problem of ambassadorial assaults: Section 13 conferred
on this Court "original, but not exclusive jurisdiction of all
suits brought by ambassadors, or other public ministers,
or in which a consul, or vice consul shall be a party." 1
Stat. 80 -- 81. That implemented Article III's provision
empowering us to hear suits "affecting Ambassadors, other
public ministers and Consuls.". And given that 
deals with the problem of "ambassadors" so directly, it is
unclear why we must read to address that same prob-
lem. See Lee, The Safe-Conduct Theory of the Alien Tort
Statute, 106 Colum. L. Rev. 830, 855 -- 858 (2006).
Along different but similar lines, some might be con-
cerned that requiring a U. S. defendant in ATS suits
would leave the problem of piracy inadequately addressed,
given that Sosa suggested that piracy was one of the three
offenses the ATS may have meant to capture, and many
pirates were foreigners. See 542 U. S., at 719. But here
12 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

the response is much the same. A separate clause of 
gave the district courts "exclusive original cognizance of
all civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction." 1
Stat. 77. That statute has long been given a broad con-
struction covering "all maritime contracts, torts and inju-
ries," DeLovio v. Boit, 7 F. Cas. 418, 442 (No. 3,776) (CC
Mass. 1815) (Story, J.), along with "prize jurisdiction,
which probably included almost all 'piracy' cases after
1789," Lee, supra, at 867. So it is not clear why it's neces-
sary to cram the problem of piracy into the ATS. If any-
thing, it may be necessary not to do so. Structural fea-
tures of make it at least questionable that both
provisions were meant to address the same subject matter:
Cases falling within 's ATS clause could also be brought
in state court or in the circuit courts, 1 Stat. 77, while 's
admiralty jurisdiction was generally exclusive, id., at 76 -- 
77. See Lee, supra, at 868. And the two provisions also
called for incompatible procedures: Section 9 required jury
trials "in all causes except civil causes of admiralty and
maritime jurisdiction." 1 Stat. 77.
If doubt lingers on these historical questions, it is a
doubt that should counsel restraint all the same. Even if
the ATS might have meant to allow foreign ambassadors
to sue foreign defendants, or foreign plaintiffs to sue for-
eign pirates, what would that prove about more mine-run
cases like ours, where none of those special concerns are
implicated? There are at least serious historical argu-
ments suggesting the ATS was not meant to apply to suits
like this one. And to the extent Sosa affords courts discre-
tion to proceed, these arguments should inform any deci-
sion whether to exercise that discretion. In Kiobel v.
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., -- 117 (2013),
the Court invoked Sosa discretion to refuse to hear cases
involving foreign conduct. I can see no reason why courts
should respond differently when it comes to cases involv-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

ing foreign defendants.4
Any consideration of Sosa's discretion must also account
for proper limits on the judicial function. As discussed
above, federal courts generally lack the institutional ex-
pertise and constitutional authority to oversee foreign
policy and national security, and should be wary of stray-
ing where they do not belong. See supra, at 4 -- 5. Yet
there are degrees of institutional incompetence and consti-
tutional evil. It is one thing for courts to assume the task
of creating new causes of action to ensure our citizens
abide by the law of nations and avoid reprisals against
this country. It is altogether another thing for courts to
punish foreign parties for conduct that could not be at-
tributed to the United States and thereby risk reprisals
against this country. If a foreign state or citizen violates
an "international norm" in a way that offends another
foreign state or citizen, the Constitution arms the Presi-
dent and Congress with ample means to address it. Or, if
they think best, the political branches may choose to look
the other way. But in all events, the decision to impose
sanctions in disputes between foreigners over international
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The dissent is wrong to suggest, post, at 17, that Sosa "forecloses"

the possibility of recognizing a U. S.-defendant requirement in ATS
cases. Sosa said nothing about the subject. And were Sosa taken to
preclude any future limits on ATS suits it did not itself anticipate, then
Kiobel must have been wrong to apply the canon against extraterrito-
rial application to that statute. But that is not so. The dissent also
observes that Sosa "involved an ATS suit brought by a citizen of Mexico
against a citizen of Mexico," and that certain amici in Sosa filed briefs
arguing that the Court lacked authority over the ATS claims for that
reason. See post, at 17. But Sosa did not address those arguments;
questions that "merely lurk in the record are not resolved, and no
resolution of them may be inferred." Illinois Bd. of Elections v. Social-
ist Workers Party, (1979) (citations and internal
quotation marks omitted); accord, RJR Nabisco, Inc. v. European
Community, 579 U. S. ___, ___, (2016) (, ) (issue
present but unaddressed by the Court in a previous case was not
implicitly decided).
14 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

norms is not ours to make. It is a decision that belongs to
those answerable to the people and assigned by the Con-
stitution to defend this nation. If they wish our help, they
are free to enlist it, but we should not ever be in the busi-
ness of elbowing our way in.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE GINSBURG,
JUSTICE BREYER, and JUSTICE KAGAN join, dissenting.
The Court today holds that the Alien Tort Statute
(ATS), 28 U. S. C., categorically forecloses foreign
corporate liability. In so doing, it absolves corporations
from responsibility under the ATS for conscience-shocking
behavior. I disagree both with the Court's conclusion and
its analytic approach. The text, history, and purpose of
the ATS, as well as the long and consistent history of
corporate liability in tort, confirm that tort claims for law­
of-nations violations may be brought against corporations
under the ATS. Nothing about the corporate form in itself
raises foreign-policy concerns that require the Court, as a
matter of common-law discretion, to immunize all foreign
corporations from liability under the ATS, regardless of
the specific law-of-nations violations alleged. I respectfully
dissent.
I
The plurality assumes without deciding that whether
corporations can be permissible defendants under the ATS
turns on the first step of the two-part inquiry set out in
Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, (2004). But by
asking whether there is "a specific, universal, and obliga­
tory norm of liability for corporations" in international
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

law, ante, at 13, the plurality fundamentally misconceives
how international law works and so misapplies the first
step of Sosa.
A
In Sosa, the Court considered whether a Mexican citizen
could recover under the ATS for a claim of arbitrary de­
tention by a Mexican national who had been hired by the
Drug Enforcement Administration to seize and transport
him to the United States. See 542 U. S., at 697 -- 698. The
Court held that the ATS permits federal courts to "recog­
nize private causes of action for certain torts in violation of
the law of nations," id., at 724, without the need for any
"further congressional action," id., at 712. The Court then
articulated a two-step framework to guide that inquiry.
First, a court must determine whether the particular
international-law norm alleged to have been violated is
"accepted by the civilized world and defined with a speci­
ficity comparable to the features of the 18th-century para­
digms," i.e., "violation of safe conducts, infringement of the
rights of ambassadors, and piracy." Id., at 724 -- 725. Only
if the norm is " 'specific, universal, and obligatory' " may
federal courts recognize a cause of action for its violation.
Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., 
(2013). Second, if that
threshold hurdle is satisfied, a court should consider
whether allowing a particular case to proceed is an appro­
priate exercise of judicial discretion. Sosa, 542 U. S., at
727 -- 728, 732 -- 733, 738. Applying that framework, Sosa
held that the alleged arbitrary detention claim at issue
failed at step one because "a single illegal detention of less
than a day, followed by the transfer of custody to lawful
authorities and a prompt arraignment, violates no norm of
customary international law so well defined as to support
the creation of a federal remedy." Id., at 738.
Sosa's norm-specific first step is inapposite to the cate­
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

gorical question whether corporations may be sued under
the ATS as a general matter. International law imposes
certain obligations that are intended to govern the behav­
ior of states and private actors. See id., at 714 -- 715; 1
Restatement (Third) of Foreign Relations Law of the
United States, pt. II, Introductory Note, pp. 70 -- 71 (1987)
(Restatement). Among those obligations are substantive
prohibitions on certain conduct thought to violate human
rights, such as genocide, slavery, extrajudicial killing, and
torture. See 2 Restatement. Substantive prohibi­
tions like these are the norms at which Sosa's step-one
inquiry is aimed and for which Sosa requires that there be
sufficient international consensus.
Sosa does not, however, demand that there be sufficient
international consensus with regard to the mechanisms of
enforcing these norms, for enforcement is not a question
with which customary international law is concerned.
Although international law determines what substantive
conduct violates the law of nations, it leaves the specific
rules of how to enforce international-law norms and remedy
their violation to states, which may act to impose liability
collectively through treaties or independently via their
domestic legal systems. See, e.g., L. Henkin, Foreign
Affairs and the United States Constitution 245 (2d ed.
1996) ("International law itself... does not require
any particular reaction to violations of law"); Denza,
The Relationship Between International and National
Law, in International Law 423 (M. Evans ed. 2006)
("[I]nternational law does not itself prescribe how it should
be applied or enforced at the national level"); 1 Restate­
ment, Comment h ("In the absence of special agree­
ment, it is ordinarily for the United States to decide how it
will carry out its international obligations"); Brief for
International Law Scholars as Amici Curiae 9 -- 10.
In keeping with the nature of international law, Sosa
consistently used the word "norm" to refer to substantive
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

conduct. For example, Sosa commands that "federal
courts should not recognize private claims under federal
common law for violations of any international law norm
with less definite content and acceptance among civilized
nations than the historical paradigms familiar when
was enacted." 542 U. S., at 732. That statement
would make little sense if "norm" encompassed enforce­
ment mechanisms like "corporate liability." Unlike "the
prohibition on genocide," "corporate liability" cannot be
violated. Moreover, "the historical paradigms familiar
when was enacted" are all prohibitions on conduct,
and Sosa clearly contemplated that courts should compare
the charged conduct with the historical conduct. See ibid.,
where the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit com­
pared a " 'torturer' " to " 'the pirate and slave trader before
him,' " id., at 890, and Judge Edwards' concurrence in Tel-
Oren v. Libyan Arab Republic, 726 F. 2d 774 (CADC
1984), which suggested that the " 'limits of section 1350's
reach' " be defined by " 'a handful of heinous actions -- each
of which violates definable, universal and obligatory
norms,' " id., at 781). There is no indication in Sosa that
the Court also intended for courts to undertake the apples-
to-oranges comparison of the conduct proscribed under
customary international law and the forms of liability
available under domestic law.
The text of the ATS also reflects this distinction between
prohibiting conduct and determining enforcement. The
statute provides: "The district courts shall have original
jurisdiction of any civil action by an alien for a tort only,
committed in violation of the law of nations or a treaty of
the United States." 28 U. S. C.. The phrase "of the
law of nations" modifies "violation," not "civil action." The
statutory text thus requires only that the alleged conduct
be specifically and universally condemned under interna­
tional law, not that the civil action be of a type that the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

international community specifically and universally
practices or endorses.
B
1
The plurality nonetheless allies itself with the view that
international law supplies the rule of decision in this case
based on its reading of footnote 20 in Sosa. That footnote
sets out "[a] related consideration" to "the determination
whether a norm is sufficiently definite to support a cause
of action." 542 U. S., at 732, and. In full, it states:
"A related consideration is whether international law
extends the scope of liability for a violation of a given
norm to the perpetrator being sued, if the defendant is
a private actor such as a corporation or individual.
Compare Tel-Oren v. Libyan Arab Republic, 726 F. 2d
774, 791 -- 795 (CADC 1984) (Edwards, J., concurring)
(insufficient consensus in 1984 that torture by private
actors violates international law), with Kadic v.
Karadžić, 70 F. 3d 232, 239 -- 241 (CA2 1995) (suffi­
cient consensus in 1995 that genocide by private ac­
tors violates international law)." 542 U. S., at 732,.
In the Second Circuit's decision in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch
Petroleum, 621 F. 3d 111 (2010), the majority opinion read
footnote 20 to "requir[e] that [courts] look to international
law to determine [their] jurisdiction over ATS claims
against a particular class of defendant, such as corpora­
tions." Id., at 127 (emphasis in original). The plurality
today accords "considerable force and weight to [that]
position," ante, at 13, and so proceeds to assess whether
there exists a specific, universal, and obligatory norm of
liability for corporations in international law, ante, at 13 -- 
17. But the Court of Appeals mistook the meaning of
footnote 20, which simply draws attention to the fact that,
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

under international law, "the distinction between conduct
that does and conduct that does not violate the law of
nations can turn on whether the conduct is done by or on
behalf of a State or by a private actor independently of a
State." Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 177 (Leval, J., concurring in
judgment).
The international-law norm against genocide, for exam­
ple, imposes obligations on all actors. Acts of genocide
thus violate the norm irrespective of whether they are
committed privately or in concert with the state. See
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the
Crime of Genocide, Art. II, Dec. 9, 1948, 102 Stat. 3045
(defining "genocide" as "any of the following acts commit­
ted with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national,
ethnical, racial or religious group"); see also 18 U. S. C.
("Whoever" commits genocide "shall be punished
as provided in subsection (b)"). In contrast, other norms,
like the prohibition on torture, require state action. Con­
duct thus qualifies as torture and violates the norm only
when done "by or at the instigation of or with the consent
or acquiescence of a public official or other person acting
in an official capacity." Convention Against Torture and
Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Pun­
ishment, Art. 1, Dec. 10, 1984, S. Treaty Doc. No. 100 -- 20,
1465 U. N. T. S. 114 (Torture Convention).1
Footnote 20 in Sosa flags this distinction and instructs
courts to consider whether there is "sufficient consensus"
that, with respect to the particular conduct prohibited
under "a given norm," the type of defendant being sued
can be alleged to have violated that specific norm. 542
U. S., at 732,. Because footnote 20 contemplates a
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 This distinction is similar to the state-action doctrine in domestic

law. The prohibitions in the Bill of Rights, for instance, apply only to
state actors, whereas the Thirteenth Amendment's prohibition on
slavery applies to all actors, state and private. See United States v.
Kozminski, (1988).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

norm-specific inquiry, not a categorical one, it is irrelevant
to the categorical question presented here. Assuming the
prohibition against financing of terrorism is sufficiently
"specific, universal, and obligatory" to satisfy the first step
of Sosa, a question on which I would remand to the Court
of Appeals, nothing in international law suggests a corpo­
ration may not violate it.2

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 At present, the norm-specific query contemplated by footnote 20 is

likely resolved simply by considering whether the given international-
law norm binds only state actors or state and nonstate actors alike,
because there does not appear to be an international-law norm that
contemplates a finer distinction between types of private actors. See
Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch
Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No. 10 -- 1491, p. 20 ("At the present time, the
United States is not aware of any international-law norm, accepted by
civilized nations and defined with the degree of specificity required by
Sosa, that requires, or necessarily contemplates, a distinction between
natural and juridical actors"); Dodge, Corporate Liability Under Cus­
tomary International Law, 43 Geo. J. Int'l L. 1045, 1050 (2012) ("None
of the norms that are actionable under Sosa distinguish between
natural and juridical persons").
Sosa itself supports the proposition that international law does not
distinguish between types of private actors, but rather treats natural
persons and corporations alike. Footnote 20 groups corporations and
individuals together under the larger category of "private actor." Sosa,
542 U. S., at 732, ("if the defendant is a private actor such as a
corporation or an individual"); see also id., at 760 (BREYER, J., concur­
ring in part and concurring in judgment) ("The norm must extend
liability to the type of perpetrator (e.g., a private actor) the plaintiff
seeks to sue" ). Sosa also describes the two
Court of Appeals decisions on which it relies as having considered
whether there was sufficient consensus that particular conduct -- 
torture or genocide -- "violates international law" when undertaken "by
private actors." Id., at 732, (discussing Tel-Oren v. Libyan Arab
Republic, 726 F. 2d 774, 791 -- 795 (CADC 1984) (Edwards, J., concur­
ring), and Kadic v. Karadžić, 70 F. 3d 232, 239 -- 241 (CA2 1995)). Even
though the defendant in Kadic was a natural person, see id., at 237,
and the defendants in Tel-Oren were juridical entities, see 726 F. 2d, at
775 -- 776, Sosa refers to them all as "private actors," 542 U. S., at 732,.
8 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

2
The plurality briefly acknowledges this critique of its
reading of footnote 20, but nonetheless assumes the cor­
rectness of its approach because of its view that there
exists a "distinction in international law between corpora­
tions and natural persons." Ante, at 17. The plurality
attempts to substantiate this proposition by pointing to
the charters of certain international criminal tribunals
and noting that none was given jurisdiction over corporate
defendants. That argument, however, confuses the sub­
stance of international law with how it has been enforced
in particular contexts.
Again, the question of who must undertake the prohib­
ited conduct for there to be a violation of an international-
law norm is one of international law, but how a particular
actor is held liable for a given law-of-nations violation
generally is a question of enforcement left up to individual
states. Sometimes, states act collectively and establish
international tribunals to punish certain international-law
violations. Each such tribunal is individually negotiated,
and the limitations placed on its jurisdiction are typi-
cally driven by strategic considerations and resource
constraints.
For example, the Allies elected not to prosecute corpora­
tions at Nuremberg because of pragmatic factors. Those
factors included scarce judicial resources, a preference of
the occupation governments to swiftly dismantle the most
culpable German companies without destroying Germa­
ny's postwar economy, and a desire to focus on establish­
ing the principle of nonstate criminal responsibility for
human-rights violations. See Brief for Nuremberg Schol­
ars as Amici Curiae 4, 11 -- 13.
More recently, the delegations that negotiated the Rome
Statute of the International Criminal Court in the 1990's
elected not to extend that tribunal's jurisdiction to corpo­
rations in part because states had varying domestic prac­
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

tices as to whether and how to impose criminal liability on
corporations. See Frulli, Jurisdiction Ratione Personae, in
1 Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court 527,
532 -- 533 (A. Cassese et al. eds. 2002); Brief for Ambassa­
dor David J. Scheffer as Amicus Curiae 8 -- 10.
Taken to its natural conclusion, the plurality's focus on
the practice of international criminal tribunals would
prove too much. No international tribunal has been created
and endowed with the jurisdiction to hold natural persons
civilly (as opposed to criminally) liable, yet the majority
and respondent accept that natural persons can be held
liable under the ATS. See ante, at 26; Tr. of Oral Arg. 62.
It cannot be persuasive evidence for purposes of ascertain­
ing the availability of corporate civil liability under the
ATS, then, that the jurisdiction of the handful of interna­
tional criminal tribunals that states have seen fit to
create in the last 75 years has not extended to corporate
defendants.
Ultimately, the evidence on which the plurality relies
does not prove that international law distinguishes be­
tween corporations and natural persons as a categorical
matter. To the contrary, it proves only that states' collec­
tive efforts to enforce various international-law norms
have, to date, often focused on natural rather than corpo­
rate defendants.
In fact, careful review of states' collective and individual
enforcement efforts makes clear that corporations are
subject to certain obligations under international law. For
instance, the United States Military Tribunal that prose­
cuted several corporate executives of IG Farben declared
that corporations could violate international law. See 8
Trials of War Criminals Before the Nuernberg Military
Tribunals Under Council Control Law No. 10, p. 1132
(1952) ("Where private individuals, including juristic
persons, proceed to exploit the military occupancy by
acquiring private property against the will and consent of
10 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the former owner, such action... is in violation of interna­
tional law").3 Similarly, the International Criminal Tri­
bunal for Rwanda found that three nonnatural entities -- a
private radio station, newspaper, and political party -- 
were responsible for genocide. See Prosecutor v. Nahimana,
Case No. ICTR -- 99 -- 52 -- T, Judgment and Sentence ¶953
(Dec. 3, 2003). Most recently, the appeals panel of the
Special Tribunal for Lebanon held that corporations may
be prosecuted for contempt. See Prosecutor v. New TV
S. A. L., Case No. STL -- 14 -- 05/PT/AP/AR126.1, Decision on
Interlocutory Appeal Concerning Personal Jurisdiction in
Contempt Proceedings ¶74 (Oct. 2, 2014).
In addition, various international agreements require
signatory states to impose liability on corporations for
certain conduct.4 Of particular relevance here, the Inter­
national Convention for the Suppression of the Financing
of Terrorism provides: "Any person commits an offence
within the meaning of this Convention if that person by
any means, directly or indirectly, unlawfully and wilfully,
provides or collects funds with the intention that they
should be used or in the knowledge that they are to be
used, in full or in part, in order to carry out" an act of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The Nuremberg Tribunal also was empowered to adjudicate a form

of criminal organizational liability, pursuant to which an individual
member of a convicted organization would face a rebuttable presump­
tion of guilt in a subsequent proceeding. Brief for Nuremberg Scholars
as Amici Curiae 4, 20 -- 21 (declaring three organiza­
tions criminal)). 

4 See, e.g., United Nations Convention Against Transnational Orga
­

nized Crime, Art. 10(1), Nov. 15, 2000, T. I. A. S. No. 13127, S. Treaty
Doc. No. 108 -- 16; Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public
Officials in International Business Transactions, Art. 2, Dec. 17, 1997,
2802 U. N. T. S. 230.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

terrorism. Dec. 9, 1999, Art. 2, S. Treaty Doc. No. 106 -- 49,
2178 U. N. T. S. 230. It then requires each signatory
state, "in accordance with its domestic legal principles," to
"take the necessary measures to enable a legal entity
located in its territory or organized under its laws to be
held liable when a person responsible for the management
or control of that legal entity has, in that capacity," violated
the Convention. Id., Art. 5(1). The Convention provides
that "[s]uch liability may be criminal, civil, or administra­
tive," ibid., so long as the penalties, which can include
monetary sanctions, are "effective, proportionate and
dissuasive." Id., Art. 5(3). The United States is a party to
the Convention, along with 131 other states.5
The plurality dismisses the relevance of this Convention
because it does not require states parties to hold corpora­
tions liable in common-law tort actions, but rather permits
them to "fulfill their obligations... by adopting detailed
regulatory regimes governing financial institutions." Ante,
at 16. That critique misses the point. The significance of
the Convention is that the international community
agreed that financing terrorism is unacceptable conduct
and that such conduct violates the Convention when un­
dertaken by corporations. That the Convention leaves up
to each state party how to impose liability on corporations,
e.g., via erecting a regulatory regime, providing for tort
actions, or imposing criminal sanctions, is unremarkable,6
and simply reflects that international law sets out stand­
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing

of Terrorism, online at https://treaties.un.org/doc/Publication/MTDSG/
Volume%20II/Chapter%20XVIII/XVIII-11.en.pdf (all Internet materials
as last visited Apr. 16, 2018).
6 The Genocide Convention also does not specifically require that

states parties recognize tort claims for genocide, but federal courts have
long permitted such actions under the ATS as a matter of federal
common law. See, e.g., Kadic, 70 F. 3d, at 236. The same is true of the
Torture Convention. See, e.g., Filartiga v. Pena-Irala, 630 F. 2d 876,
885 (CA2 1980).
12 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

ards of conduct and leaves it to individual states to deter­
mine how best to enforce those standards.
Finally, a number of states, acting individually, have
imposed criminal and civil liability on corporations for
law-of-nations violations through their domestic legal
systems. See, e.g., New TV S. A. L., Case No. STL -- 14 -- 
05/PT/AP/AR126.1, ¶¶52 -- 55 (listing more than 40 coun­
tries that provide for corporate criminal liability); A. Ra­
masastry & R. Thompson, Commerce, Crime and Conflict:
Legal Remedies for Private Sector Liability for Grave
Breaches of International Law 22 -- 24 (2006), available at
https://www.biicl.org/files/4364_536.pdf (noting that 15 of
16 countries surveyed permit civil claims against corpora­
tions for human rights violations); Brief for Comparative
Law Scholars and Practitioners as Amici Curiae 15 -- 19
(detailing provisions creating corporate civil liability for
international-law violations in England, France, the Neth­
erlands, and Canada).
C
Instead of asking whether there exists a specific, uni­
versal, and obligatory norm of corporate liability under
international law, the relevant inquiry in response to the
question presented here is whether there is any reason -- 
under either international law or our domestic law -- to
distinguish between a corporation and a natural person
who is alleged to have violated the law of nations under
the ATS. As explained above, international law provides
no such reason. See Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 175 (Leval, J.,
concurring in judgment) ("[T]he answer international law
furnishes is that it takes no position on the question").
Nor does domestic law. The text, history, and purpose of
the ATS plainly support the conclusion that corporations
may be held liable.
Beginning "with the language of the statute itself,"
United States v. Ron Pair Enterprises, Inc., Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

241 (1989), two aspects of the text of the ATS make clear
that the statute allows corporate liability. First, the text
confers jurisdiction on federal district courts to hear "civil
action[s]" for "tort[s]." 28 U. S. C.. Where Congress
uses a term of art like tort, "it presumably knows and
adopts the cluster of ideas that were attached to [the]
borrowed word in the body of learning from which it was
taken and the meaning its use will convey to the judicial
mind unless otherwise instructed." Morissette v. United
States, (1952).
Corporations have long been held liable in tort under
the federal common law. See Philadelphia, W., & B. R.
Co. v. Quigley, 21 How. 202, 210 (1859) ("At a very early
period, it was decided in Great Britain, as well as in the
United States, that actions might be maintained against
corporations for torts; and instances may be found, in the
judicial annals of both countries, of suits for torts arising
from the acts of their agents, of nearly every variety");
Chestnut Hill & Spring House Turnpike Co. v. Rutter, 4
Serg. & Rawle 6, 17 (Pa. 1818) ("[F]rom the earliest times
to the present, corporations have been held liable for
torts"). This Court "has assumed that, when Congress
creates a tort action, it legislates against a legal back­
ground of ordinary tort-related... rules and consequently
intends its legislation to incorporate those rules." Meyer v.
Holley, (2003). The presumption, then,
is that, in providing for "tort" liability, the ATS provides
for corporate liability.
Second, whereas the ATS expressly limits the class of
permissible plaintiffs to "alien[s],", it "does not
distinguish among classes of defendants," Argentine Re-
public v. Amerada Hess Shipping Corp., 
(1989). That silence as to defendants cannot be presumed
to be inadvertent. That is because in the same section of
the Judiciary Act of 1789 as what is now the ATS, Con­
gress provided the federal district courts with jurisdiction
14 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

over "all suits against consuls or vice-consuls.", 1 Stat.
76 -- 77. Where Congress wanted to limit the range of
permissible defendants, then, it clearly knew how to do so.
Russello v. United States, (1983) ("[W]here
Congress includes particular language in one section of a
statute but omits it in another section of the same Act, it
is generally presumed that Congress acts intentionally
and purposely in the disparate inclusion or exclusion"
).
Nothing about the historical background against which
the ATS was enacted rebuts the presumption that the
statute incorporated the accepted principle of corporate
liability for tortious conduct. Under the Articles of Con­
federation, the Continental Congress was unable to pro­
vide redress to foreign citizens for violations of treaties or
the law of nations, which threatened to undermine the
United States' relationships with other nations. See
Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 123. The First Congress responded
with, inter alia, the ATS. Although the two incidents that
highlighted the need to provide foreign citizens with a
federal forum in which to pursue their grievances involved
conflicts between natural persons, see ante, at 7 (majority
opinion) (describing the assault by a French adventurer on
the Secretary of the French Legation and the arrest of one
of the Dutch Ambassador's servants by a New York con­
stable), there is "no reason to conclude that the First
Congress was supremely concerned with the risk that
natural persons would cause the United States to be
drawn into foreign entanglements, but was content to
allow formal legal associations of individuals, i.e., corpora­
tions, to do so," Doe v. Exxon Mobil Corp., 654 F. 3d 11, 47
(CADC 2011), vacated on other grounds, 527 Fed. Appx. 7
(CADC 2013); see also Brief for United States as Amicus
Curiae 6 ("The ATS was enacted to ensure a private dam­
ages remedy for incidents with the potential for serious
diplomatic consequences, and Congress had no good rea­
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 15

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

son to limit the set of possible defendants in such actions
to potentially judgment-proof individuals"). Indeed, fore­
closing corporations from liability under the ATS would
have been at odds with the contemporaneous practice of
imposing liability for piracy on ships, juridical entities.
See, e.g., Skinner v. East India Co., 6 State Trials 710, 711
(1666); The Marianna Flora, 11 Wheat. 1, 40 -- 41 (1826);
Harmony v. United States, 2 How. 210, 233 (1844).
Finally, the conclusion that corporations may be held
liable under the ATS for violations of the law of nations is
not of recent vintage. More than a century ago, the Attor­
ney General acknowledged that corporations could be held
liable under the ATS. See 26 Op. Atty. Gen. 250, 252
(1907) (stating that citizens of Mexico could bring a claim
under the ATS against a corporation, the American Rio
Grande Land and Irrigation Company, for violating provi­
sions of a treaty between the United States and Mexico).
D
In his concurrence, JUSTICE GORSUCH urges courts to
exercise restraint in recognizing causes of action under the
ATS. But whether the ATS provides a cause of action for
violations of the norms against genocide, crimes against
humanity, and financing of terrorism is not the question
the parties have asked the Court to decide. I therefore see
no reason why it is necessary to delve into the propriety of
creating new causes of action. Nevertheless, because I
disagree with the premises on which the concurrence
relies, I offer two brief observations.
First, JUSTICE GORSUCH says it "pass[es] understand­
ing" why federal courts have exercised jurisdiction over
ATS claims raised by foreign plaintiffs against foreign
defendants for breaches of international norms. See ante,
at 1 (opinion concurring in part and concurring in judg­
ment). Modern ATS cases, however, are not being litigated
against a blank slate. The Court held in Sosa that Con­
16 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

gress authorized the federal courts to "recognize private
causes of action for certain torts in violation of the law of
nations," 542 U. S., at 724, so long as the underlying norm
had no "less definite content and acceptance among civi­
lized nations than the historical paradigms familiar when
was enacted," id., at 732. That holding was no mere
"suggestion," ante, at 2 (opinion of GORSUCH, J.), as this
Court has made clear. See Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 116 -- 117.
Given that the First Congress authorized suit for viola­
tions based on "the law of nations" and "treat[ies] of the
United States," 28 U. S. C., it is natural to conclude
that Congress intended the district courts to consider new
claims under the law of nations as that law and our Na­
tion's treaty obligations continued to develop. If Congress
intended to limit such cases to violations of safe conduct,
assaults against ambassadors, piracy, and -- as JUSTICE
GORSUCH suggests may have been the case -- " 'personal
injuries that US citizens inflicted upon aliens resulting in
less than $500 in damages,' " ante, at 10 ), it easily could have said
so. Instead, it granted the federal courts jurisdiction over
claims based on "the law of nations," a body of law that
Congress did not understand to be static. See United
States v. The La Jeune Eugenie, 26 F. Cas. 832, 846 (No.
15,551) (CC Mass. 1822) (Story, J.) ("What, therefore, the
law of nations is... may be considered as modified by
practice, or ascertained by the treaties of nations at differ­
ent periods. It does not follow... that because a principle
cannot be found settled by the consent or practice of na­
tions at one time, it is to be concluded, that at no subse­
quent period the principle can be considered as incorpo­
rated into the public code of nations").
The question for courts considering new ATS claims is,
"Who are today's pirates?" Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 129
(BREYER, J., concurring in judgment). Torturers and those
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 17

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

who commit genocide are now fairly viewed, like pirates,
as "common enemies of all mankind." Id., at 131. On remand, the Court of Ap­
peals would decide whether the financiers of terrorism are
the same. The fact that few norms have overcome Sosa's
high hurdle is strong evidence that the carefully consid­
ered standard set forth in that case is generating exactly
the kind of "judicial caution" the Court stressed as neces­
sary. See 542 U. S., at 725.
Second, the concurrence suggests that federal courts
may lack jurisdiction to entertain suits between aliens
based solely on a violation of the law of nations. It con­
tends that ATS suits between aliens fall under neither the
federal courts' diversity jurisdiction nor our federal ques­
tion jurisdiction. The Court was not unaware of this
argument when it decided Sosa. As noted, that case in­
volved an ATS suit brought by a citizen of Mexico against
a citizen of Mexico, and various amici argued that the
Court lacked Article III jurisdiction over such suits. See
Brief for National Foreign Trade Counsel et al. as Amici
Curiae in Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, O. T. 2003, No. 03 -- 
339, pp. 24 -- 25; see also Brief for Washington Legal Foun­
dation et al. as Amici Curiae in No. 03 -- 339, pp. 14 -- 21.
The Court nonetheless proceeded to decide the case, which
it could not have done had it been concerned about its
Article III power to do so. See Arbaugh v. Y & H Corp.,
(2006). That decision forecloses the
argument the concurrence now makes, as Sosa authorized
courts to "recognize private claims under federal common
law for violations of " certain international law norms.
542 U. S., at 732 ; see also id., at 729 -- 
730 (explaining that, post-Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins, (1938), there are "limited enclaves in which federal
courts may derive from substantive law in a common law
way," including the law of nations, and that "it would be
unreasonable to assume that the First Congress would
18 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

have expected federal courts to lose all capacity to recog­
nize enforceable international norms simply because the
common law might lose some metaphysical cachet on the
road to modern realism"); Sarei v. Rio Tinto, 671 F. 3d
736, 749 -- 754 (CA9 2011) (en banc) (discussing Sosa and
concluding that federal courts have Article III jurisdiction
to hear ATS cases between aliens), vacated and remanded,
(2013) (remanding for further consideration
in light of Kiobel).
Sosa was correct as a legal matter. Moreover, our Na­
tion has an interest not only in providing a remedy when
our own citizens commit law of nations violations, but also
in preventing our Nation from serving as a safe harbor
for today's pirates. See Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 133 -- 134
(BREYER, J., concurring in judgment). To that end, Con­
gress has ratified treaties requiring the United States "to
punish or extradite offenders, even when the offense was
not committed... by a national." 1 Restatement,
Reporters' Note 1, at 255 -- 257; see Torture Convention,
Arts. 5, 7; Convention on the Prevention and Punishment
of Crimes Against Internationally Protected Persons,
Including Diplomatic Agents, Art. 3, Dec. 14, 1973, 28
U. S. T. 1975, T. I. A. S. No. 8532; Convention for the
Suppression of Unlawful Acts Against the Safety of Civil
Aviation, Sept. 23, 1971, 24 U. S. T. 565, T. I. A. S. No.
7570; Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Seizure
of Aircraft, Art. 4, Dec. 16, 1970, 22 U. S. T. 1641,
T. I. A. S. No. 7192; Geneva Convention Relative to the
Treatment of Prisoners of War, Art. 129, Aug. 12, 1949, 6
U. S. T. 3316, T. I. A. S. No. 3364. To the extent suits
against foreign defendants may lead to international
friction, that concern is better addressed under the pre­
sumption the Court established in Kiobel against extrater­
ritorial application of the ATS, see 569 U. S., at 124 -- 125,
than it is by relitigating settled precedent.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 19

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

II
At its second step, Sosa cautions that courts should
consider whether permitting a case to proceed is an ap­
propriate exercise of judicial discretion in light of potential
foreign-policy implications. See 542 U. S., at 727 -- 728,
732 -- 733, 738. The plurality only assumes without decid­
ing that international law does not impose liability on
corporations, so it necessarily proceeds to Sosa's second
step. Here, too, its analysis is flawed.
A
Nothing about the corporate form in itself justifies
categorically foreclosing corporate liability in all ATS
actions. Each source of diplomatic friction that respond­
ent Arab Bank and the plurality identify can be addressed
with a tool more tailored to the source of the problem than
a blanket ban on corporate liability.
Arab Bank contends that foreign citizens should not be
able "to sue a Jordanian corporation in New York for
events taking place in the Middle East." Brief for Re­
spondent 42. The heart of that qualm was already ad­
dressed in Kiobel, which held that the presumption
against extraterritoriality applies to the ATS. 569 U. S.,
at 124. Only where the claims "touch and concern the
territory of the United States... with sufficient force" can
the presumption be displaced. Id., at 124 -- 125. "[M]ere
corporate presence" does not suffice. Id., at 125. Thus,
contrary to the majority's contention, "the relatively minor
connection between the terrorist attacks at issue in this
case and the alleged conduct in the United States" does
not "well illustrat[e] the perils of extending the scope of
ATS liability to foreign multinational corporations," ante,
at 25, but merely illustrates the risks of extending the
scope of ATS liability extraterritorially absent sufficient
connection to the United States.
Arab Bank also bemoans the unfairness of being sued
20 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

when others -- namely, the individuals and organizations
that carried out the terrorist attacks -- were "the direct
cause" of the harm petitioners here suffered. Brief for
Respondent 41. That complaint, though, is a critique of
the imposition of liability for financing terrorism, not an
argument that ATS suits against corporations generally
necessarily cause diplomatic tensions.
Arab Bank further expresses concern that ATS suits are
being filed against corporations in an effort to recover for
the bad acts of foreign governments or officials. See id., at
40. But the Bank's explanation of this problem reveals
that the true source of its grievance is the availability of
aiding and abetting liability. See ibid. ("[N]umerous ATS
suits have alleged that a corporation has aided or abetted
bad acts committed by a foreign government and its offi-
cials" (emphasis in original)); id., at 41 ("[A]iding and
abetting suits under the ATS have given plaintiffs 'a clear
means for effectively circumventing' critical limits on
foreign sovereign immunity" ). The plurality
too points to an aiding and abetting case to support its
contention that plaintiffs "use corporations as surrogate
defendants to challenge the conduct of foreign govern­
ments." Ante, at 21 (discussing Kiobel, in which plaintiffs
sought to hold a corporate defendant liable for " 'aiding
and abetting the Nigerian Government in committing' "
law-of-nations violations ). Yet
not all law-of-nations violations asserted against corpora­
tions are premised on aiding and abetting liability; it is
possible for a corporation to violate international-law
norms independent of a foreign state or foreign state
officials. In this respect, too, the Court's rule is ill fitted to
the problem identified.
Notably, even the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan does
not argue that there are foreign-policy tensions inherent
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 21

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

in suing a corporation generally. Instead, Jordan contends
that this particular suit is an affront to its sovereignty
because of its extraterritorial character and because of the
role that Arab Bank specifically plays in the Jordanian
economy. See Brief for Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan as
Amicus Curiae 6 -- 12.7
The majority also cites to instances in which other
foreign sovereigns have "appeared in this Court to note
[their] objections to ATS litigation," ante, at 26, but none
of those objections was about the availability of corporate
liability as a general matter. See Sosa, 542 U. S., at 733,
(noting argument of the European Commission that
"basic principles of international law require that before
asserting a claim in a foreign forum, the claimant must
have exhausted any remedies available in the domestic
legal system, and perhaps in other forums such as inter­
national claims tribunals"); ibid. (noting objections by
South Africa to "several class actions seeking damages
from various corporations alleged to have participated in,
or abetted, the regime of apartheid" on the basis that the
cases "interfere[d] with the policy embodied by its Truth
and Reconciliation Commission"); Brief for Federal Repub­
lic of Germany as Amicus Curiae in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch
Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No. 10 -- 1491, p. 1 ("The Federal
Republic of Germany has consistently maintained its
opposition to overly broad assertions of extraterritorial
civil jurisdiction arising out of aliens' claims against for­
eign defendants for alleged foreign activities that caused
injury on foreign soil"); Brief for Government of the United
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Jordan does argue that corporate liability is unavailable under the

ATS, but that argument is based on its view that there is no universally
recognized international-law norm of corporate liability, see Brief for
Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan as Amicus Curiae 12 -- 15, not a conten­
tion that corporate status alone presents foreign-policy concerns justify­
ing immunity for all corporations in all ATS suits irrespective of
circumstance.
22 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland et al. as
Amici Curiae in No. 10 -- 1491, p. 3 ("The Governments
remain deeply concerned about... suits by foreign plain­
tiffs against foreign defendants for conduct that entirely
took place in the territory of a foreign sovereign").
As the United States urged at oral argument, when
international friction arises, a court should respond with
the doctrine that speaks directly to the friction's source.
See Tr. of Oral. Arg. 28 (acknowledging that "ATS litiga­
tion in recent decades has raised international friction"
and explaining that "the way to deal with that friction is
with a doctrine that speaks directly to the international
entanglement... as those questions arise"). In addition to
the presumption against extraterritoriality, federal courts
have at their disposal a number of tools to address any
foreign-relations concerns that an ATS case may raise.
This Court has held that a federal court may exercise
personal jurisdiction over a foreign corporate defendant
only if the corporation is incorporated in the United
States, has its principal place of business or is otherwise
at home here, or if the activities giving rise to the lawsuit
occurred or had their impact here. See Daimler AG v.
Bauman, (2014). Courts also can dismiss
ATS suits for a plaintiff 's failure to exhaust the remedies
available in her domestic forum, on forum non conveniens
grounds, for reasons of international comity, or when
asked to do so by the State Department. See Kiobel, 569
U. S., at 133 (BREYER, J., concurring in judgment); Sosa,
542 U. S., at 733,.
Several of these doctrines might be implicated in this
case, and I would remand for the Second Circuit to ad­
dress them in the first instance.8 The majority, however,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 For instance, the alleged conduct might not sufficiently touch and

concern the United States to displace the presumption against extra­
territoriality; the prohibition on terrorism financing might not be a
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 23

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

prefers to use a sledgehammer to crack a nut. I see no
need for such an ill-fitting and disproportionate response.
Foreclosing foreign corporate liability in all ATS actions,
irrespective of circumstance or norm, is simply too broad a
response to case-specific concerns that can be addressed
via other means.9
B
1
The Court urges that "[t]he political branches, not the
Judiciary, have the responsibility and institutional capacity
to weigh foreign-policy concerns." Ante, at 19. I agree
that the political branches are well poised to assess the
foreign-policy concerns attending ATS litigation, which is
why I give significant weight to the fact that the Executive
Branch, in briefs signed by the Solicitor General and State
Department Legal Advisor, has twice urged the Court to
reach exactly the opposite conclusion of the one embraced
by the majority. See Brief for United States as Amicus
Curiae 5 ("This Court should vacate the decision below,
which rests on the mistaken premise that a federal common-
law claim under the ATS may never be brought against a
corporation"); Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae in
Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No. 10 -- 
1491, p. 7 ("Courts may recognize corporate liability in
actions under the ATS as a matter of federal common
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
specific, universal, and obligatory norm warranting recognition under
the ATS; and petitioners might not be able to prove the requisite mens
rea. In addition, petitioners have asserted direct, rather than vicarious,
liability against respondent. A suit based on only vicarious liability
may raise different questions not presented here.
9 The majority's overly blunt rule is also unlikely to resolve any foreign-

relations concerns at play in this case. Arab Bank is still being sued
under the Antiterrorism Act of 1990 for the exact same conduct as
alleged here. It is also hard to imagine that Jordan would have been
perfectly content to see the CEO of Arab Bank and high-level officials
at the New York branch sued under the ATS.
24 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

law.... Sosa's cautionary admonitions provide no reason
to depart from the common law on this issue"). At oral
argument in this case, the United States told the Court
that it saw no "sound reason to categorically exclude
corporate liability." Tr. of Oral Arg. 29. It explained that
another country would hold the United States accountable
for not providing a remedy against a corporate defendant
in a "classic" ATS case, such as one involving a "foreign
officia[l] injured in the United States," id., at 32 -- 33, and
suggested that foreclosing the ability to recover from a
corporation actually would raise "the possibility of fric­
tion," id., at 33. Notably, the Government's position that
categorically barring corporate liability under the ATS is
wrong has been consistent across two administrations led
by Presidents of different political parties.
Likewise, when Members of Congress have weighed in
on the question whether corporations can be proper de­
fendants in an ATS suit, it has been to advise the Court
against the rule it now adopts. See Brief for Sen. Sheldon
Whitehouse et al. as Amici Curiae 7 -- 11; Brief for Former
Sen. Arlen Specter et al. as Amici Curiae in Kiobel v.
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No. 10 -- 1491,
pp. 17 -- 18. Congress has also never seen it necessary to
immunize corporations from ATS liability even though
corporations have been named as defendants in ATS suits
for years. See Monessen Southwestern R. Co. v. Morgan,
(1988) ("Congress' failure to disturb
a consistent judicial interpretation of a statute may pro­
vide some indication that 'Congress at least acquiesces in,
and apparently affirms, that [interpretation]' " )).
Given the deference to the political branches that Sosa
encourages, I find it puzzling that the Court so eagerly
departs from the express assessment of the Executive
Branch and Members of Congress that corporations can be
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 25

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

defendants in ATS actions.
2
The plurality instead purports to defer to Congress by
relying heavily on the Torture Victim Protection Act of
1991 (TVPA), 106 Stat. 73, note following 28 U. S. C., to support its categorical bar. See ante, at 20. The
TVPA makes available to all individuals, not just foreign
citizens, a civil cause of action for torture and extrajudicial
killing that may be brought against natural persons. See
Mohamad v. Palestinian Authority, -- 
452, 454 (2012). The plurality extrapolates from Congress'
decision regarding the scope of liability under the TVPA a
rule that it contends should govern all ATS suits. See
ante, at 20. But there is no reason to think that because
Congress saw fit to permit suits only against natural
persons for two specific law-of-nations violations, Congress
meant to foreclose corporate liability for all law-of-nations
violations. The plurality's contrary conclusion ignores the
critical textual differences between the ATS and TVPA, as
well as the TVPA's legislative history, which emphasizes
Congress' intent to leave the ATS undisturbed.
On its face, the TVPA is different from the ATS in sev­
eral significant ways: It is focused on only two law-of­
nations violations, torture and extrajudicial killing; it
makes a cause of action available to all individuals, not
just foreign citizens; and it uses the word "individual" to
delineate who may be liable. See 28 U. S. C. note.
The ATS, by contrast, is concerned with all law-of-nations
violations generally, makes a cause of action available
only to foreign citizens, and is silent as to who may be
liable. Because of the textual differences between the two
statutes, the Court unanimously concluded in Mohamad
that the ATS "offers no comparative value" in ascertaining
the scope of liability under the TVPA. 566 U. S., at 458.
It makes little sense, then, to conclude that the TVPA has
26 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

dispositive comparative value in discerning the scope of
liability under the ATS.
Furthermore, Congress repeatedly emphasized in the
House and Senate Reports on the TVPA that the statute
was meant to supplement the ATS, not replace or cabin it.
See H. R. Rep. No. 102 -- 367, pt. 1, p. 3 (1991) ("Section
1350 has other important uses and should not be replaced.
There should also, however, be a clear and specific rem­
edy, not limited to aliens, for torture and extrajudicial
killing"); id., at 4 ("The TVPA... would also enhance the
remedy already available under section 1350 in an im­
portant respect: While the [ATS] provides a remedy to
aliens only, the TVPA would extend a civil remedy also to
U. S. citizens who may have been tortured abroad"); ibid.
("[C]laims based on torture or summary executions do not
exhaust the list of actions that may appropriately be
covered b[y] section 1350. That statute should remain
intact to permit suits based on other norms that already
exist or may ripen in the future into rules of customary
international law"); S. Rep. No. 102 -- 249, pp. 4 -- 5 (1991);
see also Sosa, 542 U. S., at 731 (explaining that the TVPA
"supplement[ed] the judicial determination" in Filartiga).
Lacking any affirmative evidence that Congress' deci­
sion to limit liability under the TVPA to natural persons
indicates a legislative judgment about the proper scope of
liability in all ATS suits, the plurality focuses its efforts on
dismissing petitioners' argument that Congress limited
TVPA liability to natural persons to harmonize the statute
with the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976
(FSIA), which generally immunizes foreign states from
suit. See ante, at 21.10 Contrary to the plurality's conten­
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 The TVPA requires state action to trigger liability. See 28 U. S. C.

note (imposing liability on "[a]n individual who, under actual or
apparent authority, or color of law, of any foreign nation" subjects an
individual to torture or extrajudicial killing). Absent a limitation on
suits against states and state entities, the TVPA arguably would have
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 27

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

tion, however, this Court did not reject petitioners' account
of the TVPA's legislative history in Mohamad. In fact,
that decision agreed that the legislative history "clarifi[es]
that the Act does not encompass liability against foreign
states." 566 U. S., at 459. What Mohamad rejected was
the argument that because the TVPA forecloses liability
against foreign states, it necessarily permits liability
against corporations. In concluding that the TVPA
encompasses only natural persons, Mohamad took no
position on why Congress excluded organizations from its
reach.11
To infer from the TVPA that no corporation may ever
be held liable under the ATS for any violation of any
international-law norm, moreover, ignores that Congress
has elsewhere imposed liability on corporations for conduct
prohibited by customary international law. For instance,
the Antiterrorism Act of 1990 (ATA) created a civil cause
of action for U. S. nationals injured by an act of interna­
tional terrorism and expressly provides for corporate
liability. 18 U. S. C.. That Congress foreclosed
corporate liability for torture and extrajudicial killing
claims under the TVPA but permitted corporate liability
for terrorism-related claims under the ATA is strong
evidence that Congress exercises its judgment as to the
appropriateness of corporate liability on a norm-by-norm
basis, and that courts should do the same when consider­
ing whether to permit causes of action against corpora­

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
been in conflict with the FSIA.
11 Petitioners may be right that Congress limited liability under the

TVPA to natural persons to harmonize the statute with the FSIA. That
Congress thought it necessary to achieve that goal by foreclosing
liability against all organizational defendants, not just those operating
under the authority of a foreign government, might indicate that
Congress thought such line drawing would be difficult, or that an
expansive approach was the cleanest way to avoid the statute becoming
a backdoor to suits against foreign governments.
28 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

tions for law-of-nations violations under the ATS.
The plurality dismisses the ATA as "an inapt analogy"
because the ATA "provides a cause of action only to 'na­
tional[s] of the United States,' " whereas the ATS "provides
a remedy for foreign nationals only." Ante, at 22 ). But if encompassing different
groups of plaintiffs is what makes two statutes poor com­
parators for each other, the TVPA, too, is an inapt analogy,
for it permits suits by all individuals, U. S. and foreign
nationals alike.
The plurality also posits that the ATA "suggests that
there should be no common-law action under the ATS for
allegations like petitioners'," ante, at 22, because permit­
ting such suits would allow foreign plaintiffs to "bypass
Congress' express limitations on liability under the [ATA]
simply by bringing an ATS lawsuit," ibid. Yet an ATS suit
alleging terrorism-related conduct does not "bypass" or
"displace" any "statutory and regulatory structure," ibid.,
any more than an ATA suit does. As this case demon­
strates, U. S. nationals and foreign citizens may bring
ATA and ATS suits in the same court, at the same time,
for the same underlying conduct. To the extent the plural­
ity is suggesting that Congress, in enacting the ATA,
meant to foreclose ATS suits based on terrorism financing,
the plurality offers no evidence to support that hypothesis,
and the legislative history suggests that Congress enacted
the ATA to provide U. S. citizens with the same remedy
already available to foreign citizens under the ATS. See
Hearing on S. 2465 before the Subcommittee on Courts
and Administrative Practice of the Senate Committee on
the Judiciary, 101st Cong., 1st Sess., 90 (1990) (testimony
of Joseph A. Morris) (noting that ATS actions for terrorism
"would be preserved").
At bottom, the ATS and TVPA are related but distinct
statutes that coexist independently. There is no basis to
conclude that the considered judgment Congress made
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 29

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

about who should be liable under the TVPA for torture
and extrajudicial killing should restrict who can be held
liable under the ATS for other law-of-nations violations,
particularly where Congress made a different judgment
about the scope of liability under the ATA for terrorism.
C
Finally, the plurality offers a set of "[o]ther considera­
tions relevant to the exercise of judicial discretion" that it
concludes "counsel against allowing liability under the
ATS for foreign corporations." Ante, at 23. None is
persuasive.
First, the plurality asserts that "[i]t has not been shown
that corporate liability under the ATS is essential to serve
the goals of the statute" because "the ATS will seldom be
the only way for plaintiffs to hold the perpetrators liable,"
and because "plaintiffs still can sue the individual corpo­
rate employees responsible for a violation of international
law under the ATS." Ibid. This Court has never previously
required that, to maintain an ATS action, a plaintiff must
show that the ATS is the exclusive means by which to hold
the alleged perpetrator liable and that no relief can be had
from other parties. Such requirements extend far beyond
the inquiry Sosa contemplated and are without any basis
in the statutory text.
Moreover, even if there are other grounds on which a
suit alleging conduct constituting a law-of-nations viola­
tion can be brought, such as a state-law tort claim, the
First Congress created the ATS because it wanted foreign
plaintiffs to be able to bring their claims in federal court
and sue for law-of-nations violations. A suit for state-law
battery, even if based on the same alleged conduct, is not
the equivalent of a federal suit for torture; the latter con­
tributes to the uptake of international human rights
30 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

norms, and the former does not.12
Furthermore, holding corporations accountable for
violating the human rights of foreign citizens when those
violations touch and concern the United States may well
be necessary to avoid the international tension with which
the First Congress was concerned. Consider again the
assault on the Secretary of the French Legation in Phila­
delphia by a French adventurer. See supra, at 14; ante, at
7 (majority opinion). Would the diplomatic strife that
followed really have been any less charged if a corporation
had sent its agent to accost the Secretary? Or, consider
piracy. If a corporation owned a fleet of vessels and di­
rected them to seize other ships in U. S. waters, there no
doubt would be calls to hold the corporation to account.
See Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 156, and (observing that
"Somali pirates essentially operate as limited partner­
ships"). Finally, take, for example, a corporation posing as
a job-placement agency that actually traffics in persons,
forcibly transporting foreign nationals to the United
States for exploitation and profiting from their abuse. Not
only are the individual employees of that business less
likely to be able fully to compensate successful ATS plain­
tiffs, but holding only individual employees liable does not
impose accountability for the institution-wide disregard
for human rights. Absent a corporate sanction, that harm
will persist unremedied. Immunizing the corporation from
suit under the ATS merely because it is a corporation,
even though the violations stemmed directly from corpo­
rate policy and practice, might cause serious diplomatic
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 Counsel for Arab Bank acknowledged the symbolic force of ATS

liability at oral argument. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 60 ("[T]he idea of the
ATS is... not just that you violated a statute, but that you have
violated some specific universal obligatory norm so you are essentially
an enemy of mankind. So, as much as my clients would not like to be
an ATA defendant, they would really, really, really not like to be...
labeled an enemy of mankind").
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 31

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

friction.13
Second, the plurality expresses concern that if foreign
corporations are subject to liability under the ATS, other
nations could hale American corporations into court and
subject them "to an immediate, constant risk of claims
seeking to impose massive liability for the alleged conduct
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 JUSTICE ALITO, adopting a more absolutist position than the plurality,
asserts without qualification that "federal courts should not create
causes of action under the ATS against foreign corporate defendants"
because doing so "would precipitate... diplomatic strife." Ante, at 1, 4
(opinion concurring in part and concurring in judgment). The conclu­
sion that ATS suits against foreign corporate defendants for law-of­
nations and treaty violations always will cause diplomatic friction, and
that such suits will never be necessary "to help the United States avoid
diplomatic friction," ante, at 4, however, is at odds with the considered
judgment of the Executive Branch and Congress regarding the im­
portance of holding foreign corporations to account for certain egregious
conduct. As noted, see Part II -- B -- 1, supra, the Executive Branch has
twice urged the Court not to foreclose the ability of foreign nationals to
sue foreign corporate defendants under the ATS. The United States
also has ratified several international agreements that require it to
impose liability on corporations, both foreign and domestic, for certain
actions, including the financing of terrorism. See supra, at 10 -- 11.
Congress, too, has expressly authorized civil suits against corporations
for acts related to terrorism. See 18 U. S. C.. The Executive
Branch and Congress surely would not have taken these positions,
entered into these obligations, or made available these causes of action
if the result were intolerable diplomatic strife.
JUSTICE ALITO also faults the lack of "real-world examples" of in­
stances in which diplomatic friction has resulted from a court's refusal
to permit an individual to bring an ATS suit against a foreign corpora­
tion solely because of the defendant's status as a foreign juridical
entity. Ante, at 6. Such refusals, though, have been rare, as no other
Court of Appeals besides the Second Circuit that has considered the
question has imposed a bar on corporate liability. Compare Doe v.
Drummond Co., 782 F. 3d 576, 584 (CA11 2015); Doe I v. Nestle USA,
Inc., 766 F. 3d 1013, 1022 (CA9 2014); Doe v. Exxon Mobil Corp., 654
F. 3d 11, 39 -- 57 (CADC 2011), vacated on other grounds, 527 Fed. Appx.
7 (CADC 2013); Flomo v. Firestone Nat. Rubber Co., 643 F. 3d 1013,
1017 -- 1021 (CA7 2011), with Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum, 621 F. 3d
111, 120 (CA2 2010).
32 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

of their employees and subsidiaries around the world," a
prospect that will deter American corporations from in­
vesting in developing economies. Ante, at 24. The plurality
offers no empirical evidence to support these alarmist
conjectures, which is especially telling given that plaintiffs
have been filing ATS suits against foreign corporations in
United States courts for years. It does cite to an amicus
brief for the United States in American Isuzu Motors, Inc.
v. Ntsebeza, see ante, at 24, but that case was concerned
with the availability of civil aiding and abetting liability,
not corporate liability generally, and the United States
never contended that permitting corporate liability under
the ATS would undermine global investment. Instead, it
argued that permitting extraterritorial aiding and abet­
ting cases would interfere with foreign relations and deter
"the free flow of trade and investment." See Brief for
United States as Amicus Curiae, O. T. 2007, No. 07 -- 919,
pp. 12 -- 16, 20. Driven by hypothetical worry about
besieged American corporations, today's decision needlessly
goes much further, encompassing all ATS suits against all
foreign corporations, not just those cases with extraterri­
torial dimensions premised on an aiding and abetting
theory.
* * *
In sum, international law establishes what conduct
violates the law of nations, and specifies whether, to con­
stitute a law-of-nations violation, the alleged conduct must
be undertaken by a particular type of actor. But it is
federal common law that determines whether corporations
may, as a general matter, be held liable in tort for law-of­
nations violations. Applying that framework here, I would
hold that the ATS does not categorically foreclose corpo­
rate liability. Tort actions against corporations have long
been available under federal common law. Whatever the
majority might think of the value of modern-day ATS
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 33

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

litigation, it has identified nothing to support its conclu­
sion that "foreign corporate defendants create unique
problems" that necessitate a categorical rule barring all
foreign corporate liability. Ante, at 26.
Absent any reason to believe that the corporate form in
itself raises serious foreign-policy concerns, and given the
repeated urging from the Executive Branch and Members
of Congress that the Court need not and should not fore­
close corporate liability, I would reverse the decision of the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and remand for
further proceedings, including whether the allegations
here sufficiently touch and concern the United States, see
Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 124 -- 125, and whether the international-
law norms alleged to have been violated by Arab Bank -- 
the prohibitions on genocide, crimes against humanity,
and financing of terrorism -- are of sufficiently definite
content and universal acceptance to give rise to a cause of
action under the ATS.
III
In categorically barring all suits against foreign corpora­
tions under the ATS, the Court ensures that foreign corpo­
rations -- entities capable of wrongdoing under our domes­
tic law -- remain immune from liability for human rights
abuses, however egregious they may be.
Corporations can be and often are a force for innovation
and growth. Many of their contributions to society should
be celebrated. But the unique power that corporations
wield can be used both for good and for bad. Just as cor­
porations can increase the capacity for production, so, too,
some can increase the capacity for suffering. Consider the
genocide that took upwards of 800,000 lives in Rwanda in
1994, which was fueled by incendiary rhetoric delivered
via a private radio station, the Radio Télévision Libre des
Mille Collines (RTLM). Men spoke the hateful words, but
34 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the RTLM made their widespread influence possible.14
There can be, and sometimes is, a profit motive for these
types of abuses. Although the market does not price all
externalities, the law does. We recognize as much when
we permit a civil suit to proceed against a paint company
that long knew its product contained lead yet continued to
sell it to families, or against an oil company that failed to
undertake the requisite safety checks on a pipeline that
subsequently burst. There is no reason why a different
approach should obtain in the human rights context.
Immunizing corporations that violate human rights
from liability under the ATS undermines the system of
accountability for law-of-nations violations that the First
Congress endeavored to impose. It allows these entities to
take advantage of the significant benefits of the corporate
form and enjoy fundamental rights, see, e.g., Citizens
United v. Federal Election Comm'n, (2010);
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc., 573 U. S. ___ (2014),
without having to shoulder attendant fundamental
responsibilities.
I respectfully dissent.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 See, e.g., Nahimana v. Prosecutor, Case No. ICTR 99 -- 52 -- A, Ap­
peals Judgment ¶176 (Nov. 28, 2007) (upholding finding that the RTLM
Collines broadcasts "contributed substantially to the killing of Tutsi");
G. Prunier, The Rwanda Crisis: History of a Genocide 224 (2d ed. 1999)
(detailing incitements to murder broadcast on the RTLM, including:
" 'The graves are not yet full. Who is going to do the good work and
help us fill them completely' "); Yanagizawa-Drott, Propaganda and
Conflict: Evidence From the Rwandan Genocide, 129 Q. J. Econ. 1947,
1950 (2014) (analyzing village-level data from Rwanda to estimate that
the RTLM's transmissions caused 10 percent of the total participation
in the genocide).

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to
Parts I, II -- B -- 1, and II -- C, concluding that foreign corporations may
not be defendants in suits brought under the ATS. Pp. 6 -- 11, 18 -- 19,
and 25 -- 27.
(a) The Judiciary Act of 1789 included what is now known as the
ATS, which provides: "The district courts shall have original jurisdic-
tion of any civil action by an alien for a tort only, committed in viola-
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Syllabus

tion of the law of nations or a treaty of the United States." 28
U. S. C.. The ATS is "strictly jurisdictional" and does not by its
own terms provide or delineate the definition of a cause of action for
international-law violations. Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, -- 714. It was enacted against the backdrop of the general common
law, which in 1789 recognized a limited category of "torts in violation
of the law of nations," id., at 714; and one of its principal objectives
was to avoid foreign entanglements by ensuring the availability of a
federal forum where the failure to have one might cause another na-
tion to hold the United States responsible for an injury to a foreign
citizen, see id., at 715 -- 719. The ATS was invoked but a few times
over its first 190 years, but with the evolving recognition -- e.g., in the
Nuremberg trials -- that certain crimes against humanity violate
basic precepts of international law, courts began to give some redress
for violations of clear and unambiguous international human-rights
protections. After the Second Circuit first permitted plaintiffs to
bring ATS actions based on modern human-rights laws, Congress en-
acted the Torture Victim Protection Act of 1991 (TVPA), creating an
express cause of action for victims of torture and extrajudicial killing
in violation of international law. ATS suits became more frequent;
and modern ATS litigation has the potential to involve groups of for-
eign plaintiffs suing foreign corporations in the United States for al-
leged human-rights violations in other nations. In Sosa, the Court
held that in certain narrow circumstances courts may recognize a
common-law cause of action for claims based on the present-day law
of nations, 542 U. S., at 732, but it explicitly held that ATS litigation
implicates serious separation-of-powers and foreign-relations con-
cerns, id., at 727 -- 728. The Court subsequently held in Kiobel that
"the presumption against extraterritoriality applies to [ATS] claims,"
569 U. S., at 124, and that even claims that "touch and concern the
territory of the United States... must do so with sufficient force to
displace" that presumption, id., at 124 -- 125. Pp. 6 -- 11.
(b) Sosa is consistent with this Court's general reluctance to extend
judicially created private rights of action. Recent precedents cast
doubt on courts' authority to extend or create private causes of action,
even in the realm of domestic law, rather than leaving such decisions
to the Legislature, which is better positioned "to consider if the public
interest would be served by imposing a new substantive legal liabil-
ity," Ziglar v. Abbasi, 582 U. S. ___, ___. This caution extends to the question whether the courts
should exercise the judicial authority to mandate a rule imposing lia-
bility upon artificial entities like corporations. Thus, in Correctional
Services Corp. v. Malesko, the Court concluded that
Congress, not the courts, should decide whether corporate defendants
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Syllabus

could be held liable in actions under Bivens v. Six Unknown Fed.
Narcotics Agents,.
Neither the language of the ATS nor precedent supports an excep-
tion to these general principles in this context. Separation-of-powers
concerns that counsel against courts creating private rights of action
apply with particular force in the context of the ATS, which impli-
cates foreign-policy concerns that are the province of the political
branches. And courts must exercise "great caution" before recogniz-
ing new forms of liability under the ATS. Sosa, supra, at 728. The
question whether a proper application of Sosa would preclude courts
from ever recognizing new ATS causes of action need not be decided
here, for either way it would be inappropriate for courts to extend
ATS liability to foreign corporations absent further action from Con-
gress. Pp. 18 -- 19.
(c) The ATS was intended to promote harmony in international re-
lations by ensuring foreign plaintiffs a remedy for international-law
violations when the absence of such a remedy might provoke foreign
nations to hold the United States accountable. But here, and in simi-
lar cases, the opposite is occurring. Petitioners are foreign nationals
seeking millions of dollars in damages from a major Jordanian finan-
cial institution for injuries suffered in attacks by foreign terrorists in
the Middle East. The only alleged connections to the United States
are the CHIPS transactions in Arab Bank's New York branch and a
brief allegation about a charity in Texas. At a minimum, the rela-
tively minor connection between the terrorist attacks and the alleged
conduct in the United States illustrates the perils of extending the
scope of ATS liability to foreign multinational corporations like Arab
Bank.
For 13 years, this litigation has caused considerable diplomatic
tensions with Jordan, a critical ally that considers the litigation an
affront to its sovereignty. And this is not the first time that a foreign
sovereign has raised objections to ATS litigation in this Court. See
Sosa, supra, at 733,. These are the very foreign-relations ten-
sions the First Congress sought to avoid.
Nor are the courts well suited to make the required policy judg-
ments implicated by foreign corporate liability. Like the presumption
against extraterritoriality, judicial caution under Sosa "guards
against our courts triggering... serious foreign policy consequences,
and instead defers such decisions, quite appropriately, to the political
branches." Kiobel, supra, at 124. Accordingly, the Court holds that
foreign corporations may not be defendants in suits brought under
the ATS. Pp. 25 -- 27.
JUSTICE KENNEDY, joined by THE CHIEF JUSTICE and JUSTICE THOM-
AS, concluded in Parts II -- A, II -- B -- 2, II -- B -- 3, and III:
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Syllabus

(a) Before recognizing an ATS common-law action, federal courts
must apply the two-part test announced in Sosa. The threshold
question is whether a plaintiff can demonstrate that the alleged vio-
lation is " 'of a norm that is specific, universal, and obligatory.' " 542
U. S., at 732. Assuming that such a norm can control, it must be de-
termined whether allowing the case to proceed under the ATS is a
proper exercise of judicial discretion or whether caution requires the
political branches to grant specific authority before corporate liability
can be imposed. Id., at 732 -- 733, and nn. 20 -- 21. With regard to the
first Sosa question, the Court need not resolve whether corporate lia-
bility is a question governed by international law or whether that law
imposes liability on corporations, because, as shown by the parties'
opposing arguments, there is at least sufficient doubt on the point to
turn to Sosa's second question: whether the Judiciary must defer to
Congress to determine in the first instance whether that universal
norm has been recognized and, if so, whether it should be enforced in
ATS suits. Pp. 11 -- 18.
(b) Especially here, in the realm of international law, it is im-
portant to look to analogous statutes for guidance on the appropriate
boundaries of judge-made causes of action. The logical statutory
analogy for an ATS common-law action is the TVPA -- the only ATS
cause of action created by Congress rather than the courts. Drafted
as "an unambiguous and modern basis for [an ATS] cause of action,"
H. R. Rep. No. 102 -- 367, p. 3, the TVPA reflects Congress' considered
judgment of the proper structure for such an action. Absent a com-
pelling justification, courts should not deviate from that model. Rel-
evant here, the TVPA limits liability to "individuals," a term which
unambiguously limits liability to natural persons, Mohamad v. Pales-
tinian Authority, -- 456. Congress' decision to ex-
clude liability for corporations in TVPA actions is all but dispositive
in this case. Pp. 19 -- 23.
(c) Other considerations relevant to the exercise of judicial discre-
tion also counsel against allowing liability under the ATS for foreign
corporations, absent congressional instructions. Corporate liability
under the ATS has not been shown to be essential to serving that
statute's goals, the ATS will seldom be the only way for plaintiffs to
hold the perpetrators liable, and plaintiffs still can sue the individual
corporate employees responsible for a violation of international law
under the ATS. That the corporate form can be an instrument for in-
flicting grave harm and suffering poses serious and complex ques-
tions for the international community and for Congress. And this
complexity makes it all the more important that Congress determine
whether victims of human-rights abuses may sue foreign corpora-
tions in federal court. Pp. 23 -- 25.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Syllabus

(d) In making its determination, Congress might decide that viola-
tions of international law do, or should, impose that liability to en-
sure that corporations make every effort to deter human-rights viola-
tions, and so that compensation for injured persons will be a cost of
doing business. Or Congress could conclude that neutral judicial
safeguards may not be ensured in every country and that, as a recip-
rocal matter, ATS liability for foreign corporations should be subject
to some limitations or preconditions. Finally, Congress might find
that corporate liability should be limited to cases where a corpora-
tion's management was actively complicit in the crime. Pp. 27 -- 29.
JUSTICE ALITO concluded that the outcome in this case is justified
not only by "judicial caution" but also by the separation of powers.
Assuming that Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, correctly held
that federal courts, exercising their authority in limited circumstanc-
es to make federal common law, may create causes of action under
the ATS, this Court should not create such causes of action against
foreign corporate defendants. The objective for courts in any case re-
quiring the creation of federal common law must be "to find the rule
that will best effectuate the federal policy." Textile Workers v. Lin-
coln Mills of Ala.,. The First Congress enacted the
ATS to help the United States avoid diplomatic friction. Putting that
objective together with the rules governing federal common law gen-
erally, the following principle emerges: Federal courts should decline
to create federal common law causes of action whenever doing so
would not materially advance the ATS's objective of avoiding diplo-
matic strife. Applying that principle here, it is clear that courts
should not create causes of action under the ATS against foreign cor-
porate defendants. Customary international law does not generally
require corporate liability, so declining to create it under the ATS
cannot give other nations just cause for complaint against the United
States. To the contrary, creating causes of action against foreign cor-
porations under the ATS may instead provoke exactly the sort of dip-
lomatic strife inimical to the statute's fundamental purpose. Pp. 1 -- 7.
JUSTICE GORSUCH concluded that there are two more fundamental
reasons why this lawsuit should be dismissed. Pp. 1 -- 14.
(a) This Court has suggested that Congress originally enacted the
ATS to afford federal courts jurisdiction to hear tort claims related to
three violations of international law that were already embodied in
English common law: violations of safe conducts extended to aliens,
interference with ambassadors, and piracy. Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain,. Here, the plaintiffs seek much more. They want
the federal courts to recognize a new cause of action, one that did not
exist at the time of the statute's adoption, one that Congress has nev-
er authorized. They find support in a passage suggesting that the
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Syllabus

ATS may afford federal judges "discretion [to] conside[r] [creating]
new cause[s] of action" if they "rest on a norm of international char-
acter accepted by the civilized world and defined with a specificity
comparable to the features of the [three specified] 18th-century"
torts. Id., at 725. This is doubtful, for the people's elected represent-
atives, not judges, make the laws that govern them. But even accept-
ing Sosa's framework, a proper application of that framework would
preclude courts from recognizing any new causes of action under the
ATS. When courts are confronted with a request to fashion a new
cause of action, "separation-of-powers principles are or should be cen-
tral to the analysis." Ziglar v. Abbasi, 582 U. S. ___, ___. The first
and most important question is whether Congress or the courts
should decide, and the right answer "most often will be Congress."
Ibid. There is no reason to make a special exception for the ATS,
which was designed as "a jurisdictional statute creating no new caus-
es of action." Sosa, 542 U. S., at 724. The context in which any Sosa
discretion would be exercised confirms the wisdom of restraint. The
"practical consequences" that might follow a decision to create a new
ATS cause of action, see id., at 732 -- 733, would likely involve ques-
tions of foreign affairs and national security -- matters implicating the
expertise and authority not of the Judiciary but of the political
branches. Pp. 2 -- 5.
(b) Another independent problem is that this suit is by foreigners
against a foreigner over the meaning of international norms. The
original understanding of the ATS, which was but one clause in one
section of the Judiciary Act of 1789, likely would have required a do-
mestic defendant in order to comply with the requirements of the Di-
versity-of-Citizenship Clause of Article III. Precedent interpreting a
neighboring provision of the Judiciary Act confirms that conclusion.
See Mossman v. Higginson, 4 Dall. 12, 14. In any event, separation-
of-powers limits on the judicial function and deference to the political
branches should lead federal courts to require a domestic defendant
before agreeing to exercise any Sosa-generated discretion to entertain
an ATS suit. Pp. 5 -- 14.

KENNEDY, J., announced the judgment of the Court and delivered the
opinion of the Court with respect to Parts I, II -- B -- 1, and II -- C, in which
ROBERTS, C. J., and THOMAS, ALITO, and GORSUCH, JJ., joined, and an
opinion with respect to Parts II -- A, II -- B -- 2, II -- B -- 3, and III, in which
ROBERTS, C. J., and THOMAS, J., joined. THOMAS, J., filed a concurring
opinion. ALITO, J., and GORSUCH, J., filed opinions concurring in part
and concurring in the judgment. SOTOMAYOR, J., filed a dissenting
opinion, in which GINSBURG, BREYER, and KAGAN, JJ., joined.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of the Court

NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the
preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to
notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Wash-
ington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other formal errors, in order
that corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE KENNEDY announced the judgment of the Court
and delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to
Parts I, II -- B -- 1, and II -- C, and an opinion with respect to
Parts II -- A, II -- B -- 2, II -- B -- 3, and III, in which THE CHIEF
JUSTICE and JUSTICE THOMAS join.
Petitioners in this case, or the persons on whose behalf
petitioners now assert claims, allegedly were injured or
killed by terrorist acts committed abroad. Those terrorist
acts, it is contended, were in part caused or facilitated by a
foreign corporation. Petitioners now seek to impose liabil-
ity on the foreign corporation for the conduct of its human
agents, including its then-chairman and other high-
ranking management officials. The suits were filed in a
United States District Court under the Alien Tort Statute,
commonly referred to as the ATS. See 28 U. S. C..
The foreign corporation charged with liability in these
ATS suits is Arab Bank, PLC; and it is respondent here.
Some of Arab Bank's officials, it is alleged, allowed the
Bank to be used to transfer funds to terrorist groups in the
Middle East, which in turn enabled or facilitated criminal
acts of terrorism, causing the deaths or injuries for which
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

petitioners now seek compensation. Petitioners seek to
prove Arab Bank helped the terrorists receive the moneys
in part by means of currency clearances and bank transac-
tions passing through its New York City offices, all by
means of electronic transfers.
It is assumed here that those individuals who inflicted
death or injury by terrorism committed crimes in violation
of well-settled, fundamental precepts of international law,
precepts essential for basic human-rights protections. It is
assumed as well that individuals who knowingly and
purposefully facilitated banking transactions to aid, en-
able, or facilitate the terrorist acts would themselves be
committing crimes under the same international-law
prohibitions.
Petitioners contend that international and domestic
laws impose responsibility and liability on a corporation if
its human agents use the corporation to commit crimes in
violation of international laws that protect human rights.
The question here is whether the Judiciary has the au-
thority, in an ATS action, to make that determination and
then to enforce that liability in ATS suits, all without any
explicit authorization from Congress to do so.
The answer turns upon the proper interpretation and
implementation of the ATS. The statute provides: "The
district courts shall have original jurisdiction of any civil
action by an alien for a tort only, committed in violation of
the law of nations or a treaty of the United States.".
The Court must first ask whether the law of nations im-
poses liability on corporations for human-rights violations
committed by its employees. The Court must also ask
whether it has authority and discretion in an ATS suit to
impose liability on a corporation without a specific direc-
tion from Congress to do so.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

I

A

Petitioners are plaintiffs in five ATS lawsuits filed
against Arab Bank in the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of New York. The suits were filed
between 2004 and 2010.
A significant majority of the plaintiffs in these law-
suits -- about 6,000 of them -- are foreign nationals whose
claims arise under the ATS. These foreign nationals are
petitioners here. They allege that they or their family
members were injured by terrorist attacks in the Middle
East over a 10-year period. Two of the five lawsuits also
included claims brought by American nationals under the
Anti-Terrorism Act, 18 U. S. C., but those claims
are not at issue.
Arab Bank is a major Jordanian financial institution
with branches throughout the world, including in New
York. According to the Kingdom of Jordan, Arab Bank
"accounts for between one-fifth and one-third of the total
market capitalization of the Amman Stock Exchange."
Brief for Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan as Amicus Curiae
2. Petitioners allege that Arab Bank helped finance at-
tacks by Hamas and other terrorist groups. Among other
claims, petitioners allege that Arab Bank maintained
bank accounts for terrorists and their front groups and
allowed the accounts to be used to pay the families of
suicide bombers.
Most of petitioners' allegations involve conduct that
occurred in the Middle East. Yet petitioners allege as well
that Arab Bank used its New York branch to clear dollar-
denominated transactions through the Clearing House
Interbank Payments System. That elaborate system is
commonly referred to as CHIPS. It is alleged that some of
these CHIPS transactions benefited terrorists.
Foreign banks often use dollar-clearing transactions to
facilitate currency exchanges or to make payments in
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

dollars from one foreign bank account to another. Arab
Bank and certain amici point out that CHIPS transactions
are enormous both in volume and in dollar amounts. The
transactions occur predominantly in the United States but
are used by major banks both in the United States and
abroad. The CHIPS system is used for dollar-denominated
transactions and for transactions where the dollar is used
as an intermediate currency to facilitate a currency ex-
change. Brief for Institute of International Bankers as
Amicus Curiae 12 -- 13, and. In New York each day, on
average, about 440,000 of these transfers occur, in dollar
amounts totaling about $1.5 trillion. Id., at 14. The
"clearance activity is an entirely mechanical function; it
occurs without human intervention in the proverbial 'blink
of an eye.' " Ibid. There seems to be no dispute that the
speed and volume of these transactions are such that
individual supervision is simply not a systemic reality. As
noted below, substantial regulations govern these transac-
tions, both in the United States and in Jordan.
In addition to the dollar-clearing transactions, petition-
ers allege that Arab Bank's New York branch was used to
launder money for the Holy Land Foundation for Relief
and Development (HLF), a Texas-based charity that peti-
tioners say is affiliated with Hamas. According to peti-
tioners, Arab Bank used its New York branch to facilitate
the transfer of funds from HLF to the bank accounts of
terrorist-affiliated charities in the Middle East.
During the pendency of this litigation, there was an
unrelated case that also implicated the issue whether the
ATS is applicable to suits in this country against foreign
corporations. See Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co.,
621 F. 3d 111 (CA2 2010). That suit worked its way
through the trial court and the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. The Kiobel litigation did not involve bank-
ing transactions. Its allegations were that holding compa-
nies incorporated in the Netherlands and the United
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

Kingdom had, through a Nigerian subsidiary, aided and
abetted the Nigerian Government in human-rights abuses.
Id., at 123. In Kiobel, the Court of Appeals held that the
ATS does not extend to suits against corporations. Id., at
120. This Court granted certiorari in Kiobel. (2011).
After additional briefing and reargument in Kiobel, this
Court held that, given all the circumstances, the suit could
not be maintained under the ATS. Kiobel v. Royal Dutch
Petroleum Co., 124 -- 125 (2013). The
rationale of the holding, however, was not that the ATS
does not extend to suits against foreign corporations. That
question was left unresolved. The Court ruled, instead,
that "all the relevant conduct took place outside the United
States." Id., at 124. Dismissal of the action was required
based on the presumption against extraterritorial applica-
tion of statutes.
So while this Court in Kiobel affirmed the ruling that
the action there could not be maintained, it did not ad-
dress the broader holding of the Court of Appeals that
dismissal was required because corporations may not be
sued under the ATS. Still, the courts of the Second Circuit
deemed that broader holding to be binding precedent. As
a consequence, in the instant case the District Court dis-
missed petitioners' ATS claims based on the earlier Kiobel
holding in the Court of Appeals; and on review of the
dismissal order the Court of Appeals, also adhering to its
earlier holding, affirmed. In re Arab Bank, PLC Alien Tort
Statute Litigation, 808 F. 3d 144 (2015). This Court
granted certiorari in the instant case. 581 U. S. ___
(2017).
Since the Court of Appeals relied on its Kiobel holding in
the instant case, it is instructive to begin with an analysis
of that decision. The majority opinion in Kiobel, written
by Judge Cabranes, held that the ATS does not apply to
alleged international-law violations by a corporation. 621
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

F. 3d, at 120. Judge Cabranes relied in large part on the
fact that international criminal tribunals have consistently
limited their jurisdiction to natural persons. Id., at 132 -- 
137.
Judge Leval filed a separate opinion. He concurred in
the judgment on other grounds but disagreed with the
proposition that the foreign corporation was not subject to
suit under the ATS. Id., at 196. Judge Leval conceded
that "international law, of its own force, imposes no liabili-
ties on corporations or other private juridical entities."
Id., at 186. But he reasoned that corporate liability for
violations of international law is an issue of "civil compen-
satory liability" that international law leaves to individual
nations. Ibid. Later decisions in the Courts of Appeals for
the Seventh, Ninth, and District of Columbia Circuits
agreed with Judge Leval and held that corporations can be
subject to suit under the ATS. See Flomo v. Firestone Nat.
Rubber Co., 643 F. 3d 1013, 1017 -- 1021 (CA7 2011); Doe I
v. Nestle USA, Inc., 766 F. 3d 1013, 1020 -- 1022 (CA9
2014); Doe VIII v. Exxon Mobil Corp., 654 F. 3d 11, 40 -- 55
(CADC 2011), vacated on other grounds, 527 Fed. Appx. 7
(CADC 2013). The respective opinions by Judges
Cabranes and Leval are scholarly and extensive, providing
significant guidance for this Court in the case now before
it.
With this background, it is now proper to turn to the
history of the ATS and the decisions interpreting it.
B
Under the Articles of Confederation, the Continental
Congress lacked authority to " 'cause infractions of trea-
ties, or of the law of nations to be punished.' " Sosa v.
Alvarez-Machain, (2004) ). The Continental Congress urged the
States to authorize suits for damages sustained by foreign
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

citizens as a result of violations of international law;
but the state courts' vindication of the law of nations
remained unsatisfactory. Concerns with the consequent
international-relations tensions "persisted through the
time of the Constitutional Convention." 542 U. S., at 717.
Under the Articles of Confederation, the inability of the
central government to ensure adequate remedies for for-
eign citizens caused substantial foreign-relations prob-
lems. In 1784, the French Minister lodged a protest with
the Continental Congress after a French adventurer, the
Chevalier de Longchamps, assaulted the Secretary of the
French Legation in Philadelphia. See Kiobel, 569 U. S., at
120. A few years later, a New York constable caused an
international incident when he entered the house of the
Dutch Ambassador and arrested one of his servants. Ibid.
Under the Articles of Confederation, there was no national
forum available to resolve disputes like these under any
binding laws that were or could be enacted or enforced by
a central government.
The Framers addressed these matters at the 1787 Phil-
adelphia Convention; and, as a result, Article III of the
Constitution extends the federal judicial power to "all
cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers and
consuls," and "to controversies... between a state, or the
citizens thereof, and foreign states, citizens, or subjects.". The First Congress passed a statute to implement
these provisions: The Judiciary Act of 1789 authorized
federal jurisdiction over suits involving disputes between
aliens and United States citizens and suits involving
diplomats., 11, 1 Stat. 76 -- 79.
The Judiciary Act also included what is now the statute
known as the ATS., id., at 76. As noted, the ATS is
central to this case and its brief text bears repeating. Its
full text is: "The district courts shall have original jurisdic-
tion of any civil action by an alien for a tort only, commit-
ted in violation of the law of nations or a treaty of the
8 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

United States." 28 U. S. C..
The ATS is "strictly jurisdictional" and does not by its
own terms provide or delineate the definition of a cause of
action for violations of international law. Sosa, 542 U. S.,
at 713 -- 714. But the statute was not enacted to sit on a
shelf awaiting further legislation. Id., at 714. Rather,
Congress enacted it against the backdrop of the general
common law, which in 1789 recognized a limited category
of "torts in violation of the law of nations." Ibid.
In the 18th century, international law primarily gov-
erned relationships between and among nation-states, but
in a few instances it governed individual conduct occurring
outside national borders (for example, "disputes relating to
prizes, to shipwrecks, to hostages, and ransom bills"). Id.,
at 714 -- 715. There
was, furthermore, a narrow domain in which "rules bind-
ing individuals for the benefit of other individuals over-
lapped with" the rules governing the relationships be-
tween nation-states. Id., at 715. As understood by
Blackstone, this domain included "three specific offenses
against the law of nations addressed by the criminal law
of England: violation of safe conducts, infringement of the
rights of ambassadors, and piracy." Ibid. ). "It was this narrow set of violations of the law of
nations, admitting of a judicial remedy and at the same
time threatening serious consequences in international
affairs, that was probably on the minds of the men who
drafted the ATS." 542 U. S., at 715.
This history teaches that Congress drafted the ATS "to
furnish jurisdiction for a relatively modest set of actions
alleging violations of the law of nations." Id., at 720. The
principal objective of the statute, when first enacted, was
to avoid foreign entanglements by ensuring the availabil-
ity of a federal forum where the failure to provide one
might cause another nation to hold the United States
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

responsible for an injury to a foreign citizen. See id., at
715 -- 719; Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 123 -- 124.
Over the first 190 years or so after its enactment, the
ATS was invoked but a few times. Yet with the evolving
recognition -- for instance, in the Nuremberg trials after
World War II -- that certain acts constituting crimes
against humanity are in violation of basic precepts of
international law, courts began to give some redress for
violations of international human-rights protections that
are clear and unambiguous. In the modern era this began
with the decision of the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit in Filartiga v. Pena-Irala, 630 F. 2d 876 (1980).
In Filartiga, it was alleged that a young man had been
tortured and murdered by Paraguayan police officers, and
that an officer named Pena-Irala was one of the supervi-
sors and perpetrators. Some members of the victim's
family were in the United States on visas. When they
discovered that Pena-Irala himself was living in New
York, they filed suit against him. The action, seeking
damages for the suffering and death he allegedly had
caused, was filed in the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of New York. The Court of Appeals
found that there was jurisdiction under the ATS. For this
holding it relied upon the universal acknowledgment that
acts of official torture are contrary to the law of nations.
Id., at 890. This Court did not review that decision.
In the midst of debates in the courts of appeals over
whether the court in Filartiga was correct in holding that
plaintiffs could bring ATS actions based on modern human-
rights laws absent an express cause of action created
by an additional statute, Congress enacted the Torture
Victim Protection Act of 1991 (TVPA), 106 Stat. 73, note
following 28 U. S. C.. H. R. Rep. No. 102 -- 367,
pp. 3 -- 4 (1991) (H. R. Rep.) ); S. Rep. No. 102 -- 
249, pp. 3 -- 5 (1991) (S. Rep.) (same). The TVPA -- which is
10 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

codified as a note following the ATS -- creates an express
cause of action for victims of torture and extrajudicial
killing in violation of international law.
After Filartiga and the TVPA, ATS lawsuits became
more frequent. Modern ATS litigation has the potential to
involve large groups of foreign plaintiffs suing foreign
corporations in the United States for alleged human-rights
violations in other nations. For example, in Kiobel the
plaintiffs were Nigerian nationals who sued Dutch, Brit-
ish, and Nigerian corporations for alleged crimes in Nige-
ria. 569 U. S., at 111 -- 112. The extent and scope of this
litigation in United States courts have resulted in criti-
cism here and abroad. See id., at 124 (noting objections to
ATS litigation by Canada, Germany, Indonesia, Papua
New Guinea, South Africa, Switzerland, and the United
Kingdom).
In Sosa, the Court considered the question whether
courts may recognize new, enforceable international
norms in ATS lawsuits. 542 U. S., at 730 -- 731. The Sosa
Court acknowledged the decisions made in Filartiga and
similar cases; and it held that in certain narrow circum-
stances courts may recognize a common-law cause of
action for claims based on the present-day law of nations,
in addition to the "historical paradigms familiar when
was enacted." 542 U. S., at 732. The Court was
quite explicit, however, in holding that ATS litigation
implicates serious separation-of-powers and foreign-
relations concerns. Id., at 727 -- 728. Thus, ATS claims
must be "subject to vigilant doorkeeping." Id., at 729.
This Court next addressed the ATS in Kiobel, the case
already noted. There, this Court held that "the presump-
tion against extraterritoriality applies to claims under the
ATS, and that nothing in the statute rebuts the presump-
tion." 569 U. S., at 124. The Court added that "even
where the claims touch and concern the territory of the
United States, they must do so with sufficient force to
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

displace the presumption against extraterritorial applica-
tion." Id., at 124 -- 125.
II
With these principles in mind, this Court now must
decide whether common-law liability under the ATS ex-
tends to a foreign corporate defendant. It could be argued,
under the Court's holding in Kiobel, that even if, under
accepted principles of international law and federal com-
mon law, corporations are subject to ATS liability for
human-rights crimes committed by their human agents, in
this case the activities of the defendant corporation and
the alleged actions of its employees have insufficient
connections to the United States to subject it to jurisdic-
tion under the ATS. Various amici urge this as a rationale
to affirm here, while the Government argues that the
Court should remand this case so the Court of Appeals can
address the issue in the first instance. There are substan-
tial arguments on both sides of that question; but it is not
the question on which this Court granted certiorari, nor is
it the question that has divided the Courts of Appeals.
The question whether foreign corporations are subject to
liability under the ATS should be addressed; for, if there is
no liability for Arab Bank, the lengthy and costly litigation
concerning whether corporate contacts like those alleged
here suffice to impose liability would be pointless. In
addition, a remand to the Court of Appeals would require
prolonging litigation that already has caused significant
diplomatic tensions with Jordan for more than a decade.
So it is proper for this Court to decide whether corpora-
tions, or at least foreign corporations, are subject to liabil-
ity in an ATS suit filed in a United States district court.
Before recognizing a common-law action under the ATS,
federal courts must apply the test announced in Sosa. An
initial, threshold question is whether a plaintiff can
demonstrate that the alleged violation is "of a norm that is
12 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

specific, universal, and obligatory." 542 U. S., at 732. And even assuming
that, under international law, there is a specific norm that
can be controlling, it must be determined further whether
allowing this case to proceed under the ATS is a proper
exercise of judicial discretion, or instead whether caution
requires the political branches to grant specific authority
before corporate liability can be imposed. See id., at 732 -- 
733, and nn. 20 -- 21. "[T]he potential implications for the
foreign relations of the United States of recognizing such
causes should make courts particularly wary of impinging
on the discretion of the Legislative and Executive
Branches in managing foreign affairs." Id., at 727.
It must be said that some of the considerations that
pertain to determining whether there is a specific, univer-
sal, and obligatory norm that is established under interna-
tional law are applicable as well in determining whether
deference must be given to the political branches. For
instance, the fact that the charters of some international
tribunals and the provisions of some congressional stat-
utes addressing international human-rights violations are
specifically limited to individual wrongdoers, and thus
foreclose corporate liability, has significant bearing both
on the content of the norm being asserted and the question
whether courts should defer to Congress. The two inquir-
ies inform each other and are, to that extent, not altogether
discrete.
With that introduction, it is proper now to turn first to
the question whether there is an international-law norm
imposing liability on corporations for acts of their employ-
ees that contravene fundamental human rights.
A
Petitioners and Arab Bank disagree as to whether cor-
porate liability is a question of international law or only a
question of judicial authority and discretion under domes-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

tic law. The dispute centers on a footnote in Sosa. In the
course of holding that international norms must be "suffi-
ciently definite to support a cause of action," the Court in
Sosa noted that a "related consideration is whether inter-
national law extends the scope of liability for a violation of
a given norm to the perpetrator being sued, if the defend-
ant is a private actor such as a corporation or individual."
Id., at 732, and.
In the Court of Appeals' decision in Kiobel, the majority
opinion by Judge Cabranes interpreted footnote 20 to
mean that corporate defendants may be held liable under
the ATS only if there is a specific, universal, and obligatory
norm that corporations are liable for violations of interna-
tional law. 621 F. 3d, at 127. In Judge Cabranes' view,
"[i]nternational law is not silent on the question of the
subjects of international law -- that is, those that, to vary-
ing extents, have legal status, personality, rights, and
duties under international law," "[n]or does international
law leave to individual States the responsibility of defin-
ing those subjects." Id., at 126. There is considerable force and weight to the
position articulated by Judge Cabranes. And, assuming
the Court of Appeals was correct that under Sosa corpo-
rate liability is a question of international law, there is an
equally strong argument that petitioners cannot satisfy
the high bar of demonstrating a specific, universal, and
obligatory norm of liability for corporations. Indeed,
Judge Leval agreed with the conclusion that international
law does "not provide for any form of liability of corpora-
tions." Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 186.
1
In modern times, there is no doubt, of course, that "the
international community has come to recognize the com-
mon danger posed by the flagrant disregard of basic hu-
man rights," leading "the nations of the world to recognize
14 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

that respect for fundamental human rights is in their
individual and collective interest." Filartiga, 630 F. 2d, at
890. That principle and commitment support the conclu-
sion that human-rights norms must bind the individual
men and women responsible for committing humanity's
most terrible crimes, not just nation-states in their inter-
actions with one another. "The singular achievement of
international law since the Second World War has come in
the area of human rights," where international law now
imposes duties on individuals as well as nation-states.
Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 118.
It does not follow, however, that current principles of
international law extend liability -- civil or criminal -- for
human-rights violations to corporations or other artificial
entities. This is confirmed by the fact that the charters of
respective international criminal tribunals often exclude
corporations from their jurisdictional reach.
The Charter for the Nuremberg Tribunal, created by the
Allies after World War II, provided that the Tribunal had
jurisdiction over natural persons only. See Agreement for
Prosecution and Punishment of Major War Criminals of
the European Axis, Art. 6, Aug. 8, 1945, 59 Stat. 1547,
E. A. S. 472. Later, a United States Military Tribunal
prosecuted 24 executives of the German corporation IG
Farben. 7 Trials of War Criminals Before the Nuernberg
Military Tribunals Under Control Council Law No. 10,
pp. 11 -- 60 (1952) (The Farben Case). Among other crimes,
Farben's employees had operated a slave-labor camp at
Auschwitz and "knowingly and intentionally manufac-
tured and provided" the poison gas used in the Nazi death
chambers. Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 135. Although the Mili-
tary Tribunal "used the term 'Farben' as descriptive of the
instrumentality of cohesion in the name of which" the
crimes were committed, the Tribunal noted that "corpora-
tions act through individuals." 8 The Farben Case, at
1153. Farben itself was not held liable. See ibid.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 15

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

The jurisdictional reach of more recent international
tribunals also has been limited to "natural persons." See
Statute of the International Criminal Tribunal for the
Former Yugoslavia, S. C. Res. 827 (May 25, 1993), adopt-
ing U. N. Secretary-General Rep. Pursuant to Paragraph 2
of Security Council Resolution 808, Art. 6, U. N. Doc.
S/25704 (May 3, 1993); Statute of the International Tribu-
nal for Rwanda, Art. 5, S. C. Res. 955, Art. 5 (Nov. 8,
1994). The Rome Statute of the International Criminal
Court, for example, limits that tribunal's jurisdiction to
"natural persons." See Rome Statute of the International
Criminal Court, Art. 25(1), July 17, 1998, 2187 U. N. T. S.
90. The drafters of the Rome Statute considered, but
rejected, a proposal to give the International Criminal
Court jurisdiction over corporations. Eser, Individual
Criminal Responsibility, in 1 Rome Statute of the Interna-
tional Criminal Court 767, 778 -- 779 (A. Cassese et al. eds.
2002).
The international community's conscious decision to
limit the authority of these international tribunals to
natural persons counsels against a broad holding that
there is a specific, universal, and obligatory norm of corpo-
rate liability under currently prevailing international law.
2
In light of the sources just discussed, the sources peti-
tioners rely on to support their contention that liability for
corporations is well established as a matter of interna-
tional law lend weak support to their position.
Petitioners first point to the International Convention
for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism. This
Convention imposes an obligation on "Each State Party"
"to enable a legal entity located in its territory or orga-
nized under its laws to be held liable when a person re-
sponsible for the management or control of that legal
entity has, in that capacity," violated the Convention.
16 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

International Convention for the Suppression of the Fi-
nancing of Terrorism, Dec. 9, 1999, S. Treaty Doc. No.
106 -- 49, 2178 U. N. T. S. 232. But by its terms the Con-
vention imposes its obligations only on nation-states "to
enable" corporations to be held liable in certain circum-
stances under domestic law. The United States and other
nations, including Jordan, may fulfill their obligations
under the Convention by adopting detailed regulatory
regimes governing financial institutions. See, e.g., 18
U. S. C. (private right of action under the Anti-
Terrorism Act); 31 U. S. C. et seq. (Bank Secrecy
Act); 31 CFR pt. 595 (2017) (Terrorism Sanctions Regula-
tions); Brief for Central Bank of Jordan as Amicus Curiae
5 (describing Jordan's "comprehensive approach to pre-
venting money laundering and terrorist financing"). The
Convention neither requires nor authorizes courts, with-
out congressional authorization, to displace those detailed
regulatory regimes by allowing common-law actions under
the ATS. And nothing in the Convention's text requires
signatories to hold corporations liable in common-law tort
actions raising claims under international law.
In addition, petitioners and their amici cite a few cases
from other nations and the Special Tribunal for Lebanon
that, according to petitioners, are examples of corporations
being held liable for violations of international law. E.g.,
Brief for Petitioners 50 -- 51. Yet even assuming that these
cases are relevant examples, at most they demonstrate
that corporate liability might be permissible under inter-
national law in some circumstances. That falls far short of
establishing a specific, universal, and obligatory norm of
corporate liability.
It must be remembered that international law is distinct
from domestic law in its domain as well as its objectives.
International human-rights norms prohibit acts repug-
nant to all civilized peoples -- crimes like genocide, torture,
and slavery, that make their perpetrators "enem[ies] of all
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 17

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

mankind." Sosa, 542 U. S., at 732. In the American legal system, of course,
corporations are often subject to liability for the conduct of
their human employees, and so it may seem necessary and
natural that corporate entities are liable for violations of
international law under the ATS. It is true, furthermore,
that the enormity of the offenses that can be committed
against persons in violation of international human-rights
protections can be cited to show that corporations should
be subject to liability for the crimes of their human agents.
But the international community has not yet taken that
step, at least in the specific, universal, and obligatory
manner required by Sosa. Indeed, there is precedent to
the contrary in the statement during the Nuremberg
proceedings that "[c]rimes against international law are
committed by men, not by abstract entities, and only by
punishing individuals who commit such crimes can the
provisions of international law be enforced." The Nurn-
berg Trial, 6 F. R. D. 69, 110 (1946).
Petitioners also contend that international law leaves
questions of remedies open for determination under do-
mestic law. As they see it, corporate liability is a remedial
consideration, not a substantive principle that must be
supported by a universal and obligatory norm if it is to be
implemented under the ATS. According to petitioners,
footnote 20 in Sosa does no more than recognize the dis-
tinction in international law between state and private
actors. But, as just explained, there is a similar distinc-
tion in international law between corporations and natu-
ral persons. And it is far from obvious why the question
whether corporations may be held liable for the interna-
tional crimes of their employees is a mere question of
remedy.
In any event, the Court need not resolve the questions
whether corporate liability is a question that is governed
by international law, or, if so, whether international law
18 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

imposes liability on corporations. There is at least suffi-
cient doubt on the point to turn to Sosa's second ques-
tion -- whether the Judiciary must defer to Congress,
allowing it to determine in the first instance whether that
universal norm has been recognized and, if so, whether it
is prudent and necessary to direct its enforcement in suits
under the ATS.
B
1
Sosa is consistent with this Court's general reluctance
to extend judicially created private rights of action. The
Court's recent precedents cast doubt on the authority of
courts to extend or create private causes of action even in
the realm of domestic law, where this Court has "recently
and repeatedly said that a decision to create a private
right of action is one better left to legislative judgment in
the great majority of cases." 542 U. S., at 727 ;
Alexander v. Sandoval, -- 287 (2001)).
That is because "the Legislature is in the better position to
consider if the public interest would be served by imposing
a new substantive legal liability." Ziglar v. Abbasi, 582
U. S. ___, ___ (2017). Thus, "if there are sound reasons to think
Congress might doubt the efficacy or necessity of a dam-
ages remedy,... courts must refrain from creating the
remedy in order to respect the role of Congress." Id., at
___.
This caution extends to the question whether the courts
should exercise the judicial authority to mandate a rule
that imposes liability upon artificial entities like corpora-
tions. Thus, in Malesko the Court held that corporate
defendants may not be held liable in Bivens actions. See
Bivens v. Six Unknown Fed. Narcotics Agents, (1971). Allowing corporate liability would have been a
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 19

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

"marked extension" of Bivens that was unnecessary to
advance its purpose of holding individual officers respon-
sible for "engaging in unconstitutional wrongdoing."
Malesko, 534 U. S., at 74. Whether corporate defendants
should be subject to suit was "a question for Congress, not
us, to decide." Id., at 72.
Neither the language of the ATS nor the precedents
interpreting it support an exception to these general prin-
ciples in this context. In fact, the separation-of-powers
concerns that counsel against courts creating private
rights of action apply with particular force in the context
of the ATS. See infra, at 25 -- 26. The political branches,
not the Judiciary, have the responsibility and institutional
capacity to weigh foreign-policy concerns. See Kiobel, 569
U. S., at 116 -- 117. That the ATS implicates foreign rela-
tions "is itself a reason for a high bar to new private causes
of action for violating international law." Sosa, supra,
at 727.
In Sosa, the Court emphasized that federal courts must
exercise "great caution" before recognizing new forms of
liability under the ATS. 542 U. S., at 728. In light of the
foreign-policy and separation-of-powers concerns inherent
in ATS litigation, there is an argument that a proper
application of Sosa would preclude courts from ever recog-
nizing any new causes of action under the ATS. But the
Court need not resolve that question in this case. Either
way, absent further action from Congress it would be
inappropriate for courts to extend ATS liability to foreign
corporations.
2
Even in areas less fraught with foreign-policy conse-
quences, the Court looks to analogous statutes for guid-
ance on the appropriate boundaries of judge-made causes
of action. See, e.g., Miles v. Apex Marine Corp., (1990); Blue Chip Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores,
20 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

(1975). Doing so is even more im-
portant in the realm of international law, where "the
general practice has been to look for legislative guidance
before exercising innovative authority over substantive
law." Sosa, supra, at 726.
Here, the logical place to look for a statutory analogy to
an ATS common-law action is the TVPA -- the only cause
of action under the ATS created by Congress rather than
the courts. As explained above, Congress drafted the
TVPA to "establish an unambiguous and modern basis for
a cause of action" under the ATS. H. R. Rep., at 3; S. Rep.,
at 4 -- 5. Congress took care to delineate the TVPA's
boundaries. In doing so, it could weigh the foreign-policy
implications of its rule. Among other things, Congress
specified who may be liable, created an exhaustion re-
quirement, and established a limitations period. Kiobel,
569 U. S., at 117. In Kiobel, the Court recognized that
"[e]ach of these decisions carries with it significant foreign
policy implications." Ibid. The TVPA reflects Congress'
considered judgment of the proper structure for a right of
action under the ATS. Absent a compelling justification,
courts should not deviate from that model.
The key feature of the TVPA for this case is that it
limits liability to "individuals," which, the Court has held,
unambiguously limits liability to natural persons. Mo-
hamad v. Palestinian Authority, -- 456
(2012). Congress' decision to exclude liability for corpora-
tions in actions brought under the TVPA is all but disposi-
tive of the present case. That decision illustrates that
significant foreign-policy implications require the courts to
draw a careful balance in defining the scope of actions
under the ATS. It would be inconsistent with that balance
to create a remedy broader than the one created by Con-
gress. Indeed, it "would be remarkable to take a more
aggressive role in exercising a jurisdiction that remained
largely in shadow for much of the prior two centuries."
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 21

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

Sosa, supra, at 726.
According to petitioners, the TVPA is not a useful
guidepost because Congress limited liability under that
statute to "individuals" out of concern for the sovereign
immunity of foreign governmental entities, not out of
general hesitation about corporate liability under the ATS.
The argument seems to run as follows: The TVPA provides
a right of action to victims of torture and extrajudicial
killing, and under international law those human-rights
violations require state action. For a corporation's em-
ployees to violate these norms therefore would require the
corporation to be an instrumentality of a foreign state or
other sovereign entity. That concern is absent, petitioners
insist, for crimes that lack a state-action requirement -- for
example, genocide, slavery, or, in the present case, the
financing of terrorists.
At least two flaws inhere in this argument. First, in
Mohamad the Court unanimously rejected petitioners'
account of the TVPA's legislative history. 566 U. S., at
453, 458 -- 460. The Court instead read that history to
demonstrate that Congress acted to exclude all corporate
entities, not just the sovereign ones. Id., at 459 -- 460 (cit-
ing Hearing and Markup on H. R. 1417 before the House
Committee on Foreign Affairs and Its Subcommittee on
Human Rights and International Organizations, 100th
Cong., 2d Sess., 87 -- 88 (1988)); see also 566 U. S., at 461 -- 
462 (BREYER, J., concurring). Second, even for international-
law norms that do not require state action, plaintiffs
can still use corporations as surrogate defendants to
challenge the conduct of foreign governments. In Kiobel,
for example, the plaintiffs sought to hold a corporate
defendant liable for "aiding and abetting the Nigerian
Government in committing," among other things, "crimes
against humanity." 569 U. S., at 114; see also, e.g., Sarei
v. Rio Tinto, PLC, 671 F. 3d 736, 761 -- 763 (CA9 2011) (en
banc) (corporate defendant allegedly used Papua New
22 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

Guinea's military to commit genocide), vacated and re-
manded, (2013).
Petitioners contend that, instead of the TVPA, the most
analogous statute here is the Anti-Terrorism Act. That
Act does permit suits against corporate entities. See 18
U. S. C., 2333(d)(2). In fact, in these suits some
of the foreign plaintiffs joined their claims to those of
United States nationals suing Arab Bank under the Anti-
Terrorism Act. But the Anti-Terrorism Act provides a
cause of action only to "national[s] of the United States,"
and their "estate, survivors, or heirs.". In con-
trast, the ATS is available only for claims brought by "an
alien." 28 U. S. C.. A statute that excludes foreign
nationals (with the possible exception of foreign survivors
or heirs) is an inapt analogy for a common-law cause of
action that provides a remedy for foreign nationals only.
To the extent, furthermore, that the Anti-Terrorism Act
is relevant it suggests that there should be no common-
law action under the ATS for allegations like petitioners'.
Otherwise, foreign plaintiffs could bypass Congress' ex-
press limitations on liability under the Anti-Terrorism Act
simply by bringing an ATS lawsuit. The Anti-Terrorism
Act, as mentioned above, is part of a comprehensive statu-
tory and regulatory regime that prohibits terrorism and
terrorism financing. The detailed regulatory structures
prescribed by Congress and the federal agencies charged
with oversight of financial institutions reflect the careful
deliberation of the political branches on when, and how,
banks should be held liable for the financing of terrorism.
It would be inappropriate for courts to displace this con-
sidered statutory and regulatory structure by holding
banks subject to common-law liability in actions filed
under the ATS.
In any event, even if the Anti-Terrorism Act were a
suitable model for an ATS suit, Congress' decision in the
TVPA to limit liability to individuals still demonstrates
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 23

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

that there are two reasonable choices. In this area, that is
dispositive -- Congress, not the Judiciary, must decide
whether to expand the scope of liability under the ATS to
include foreign corporations.
3
Other considerations relevant to the exercise of judicial
discretion also counsel against allowing liability under the
ATS for foreign corporations, absent instructions from
Congress to do so. It has not been shown that corporate
liability under the ATS is essential to serve the goals of
the statute. As to the question of adequate remedies, the
ATS will seldom be the only way for plaintiffs to hold the
perpetrators liable. See, e.g., 18 U. S. C. (criminal
prohibition on genocide); (civil remedy for victims of
slavery). And plaintiffs still can sue the individual corpo-
rate employees responsible for a violation of international
law under the ATS. If the Court were to hold that foreign
corporations have liability for international-law violations,
then plaintiffs may well ignore the human perpetrators
and concentrate instead on multinational corporate
entities.
As explained above, in the context of criminal tribunals
international law itself generally limits liability to natural
persons. Although the Court need not decide whether the
seeming absence of a specific, universal, and obligatory
norm of corporate liability under international law by
itself forecloses petitioners' claims against Arab Bank, or
whether this is an issue governed by international law,
the lack of a clear and well-established international-law
rule is of critical relevance in determining whether courts
should extend ATS liability to foreign corporations without
specific congressional authorization to do so. That is
especially so in light of the TVPA's limitation of liability to
natural persons, which parallels the distinction between
corporations and individuals in international law.
24 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

If, moreover, the Court were to hold that foreign corpo-
rations may be held liable under the ATS, that precedent-
setting principle "would imply that other nations, also
applying the law of nations, could hale our [corporations]
into their courts for alleged violations of the law of na-
tions." Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 124. This judicially mandated
doctrine, in turn, could subject American corporations to
an immediate, constant risk of claims seeking to impose
massive liability for the alleged conduct of their employees
and subsidiaries around the world, all as determined in
foreign courts, thereby "hinder[ing] global investment in
developing economies, where it is most needed." Brief for
United States as Amicus Curiae in American Isuzu Mo-
tors, Inc. v. Ntsebeza, O. T. 2007, No. 07 -- 919, p. 20 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted).
In other words, allowing plaintiffs to sue foreign corpo-
rations under the ATS could establish a precedent that
discourages American corporations from investing abroad,
including in developing economies where the host govern-
ment might have a history of alleged human-rights viola-
tions, or where judicial systems might lack the safeguards
of United States courts. And, in consequence, that often
might deter the active corporate investment that contrib-
utes to the economic development that so often is an es-
sential foundation for human rights.
It is also true, of course, that natural persons can and do
use corporations for sinister purposes, including conduct
that violates international law. That the corporate form
can be an instrument for inflicting grave harm and suffer-
ing poses serious and complex questions both for the in-
ternational community and for Congress. So there are
strong arguments for permitting the victims to seek relief
from corporations themselves. Yet the urgency and com-
plexity of this problem make it all the more important that
Congress determine whether victims of human-rights
abuses may sue foreign corporations in federal courts in
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 25

Opinion of the Court

the United States. Congress, not the Judiciary, is the
branch with "the facilities necessary to make fairly such
an important policy decision where the possibilities of
international discord are so evident and retaliative action
so certain." Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 116. As noted further below, there are many
delicate and important considerations that Congress is in
a better position to examine in determining whether and
how best to impose corporate liability. And, as the TVPA
illustrates, Congress is well aware of the necessity of
clarifying the proper scope of liability under the ATS in a
timely way.
C
The ATS was intended to promote harmony in interna-
tional relations by ensuring foreign plaintiffs a remedy for
international-law violations in circumstances where the
absence of such a remedy might provoke foreign nations to
hold the United States accountable. Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 7. But here, and in similar cases,
the opposite is occurring.
Petitioners are foreign nationals seeking hundreds of
millions of dollars in damages from a major Jordanian
financial institution for injuries suffered in attacks by
foreign terrorists in the Middle East. The only alleged
connections to the United States are the CHIPS transac-
tions in Arab Bank's New York branch and a brief allega-
tion regarding a charity in Texas. The Court of Appeals
did not address, and the Court need not now decide,
whether these allegations are sufficient to "touch and
concern" the United States under Kiobel. See 569 U. S., at
124 -- 125.
At a minimum, the relatively minor connection between
the terrorist attacks at issue in this case and the alleged
conduct in the United States well illustrates the perils of
extending the scope of ATS liability to foreign multina-
26 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

tional corporations like Arab Bank. For 13 years, this
litigation has "caused significant diplomatic tensions" with
Jordan, a critical ally in one of the world's most sensitive
regions. Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 30.
"Jordan is a key counterterrorism partner, especially in
the global campaign to defeat the Islamic State in Iraq
and Syria." Id., at 31. The United States explains that
Arab Bank itself is "a constructive partner with the
United States in working to prevent terrorist financing." Id.,
at 32. Jordan consid-
ers the instant litigation to be a "grave affront" to its
sovereignty. See Brief for Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan
as Amicus Curiae 3; see ibid. ("By exposing Arab Bank to
massive liability, this suit thus threatens to destabilize
Jordan's economy and undermine its cooperation with the
United States").
This is not the first time, furthermore, that a foreign
sovereign has appeared in this Court to note its objections
to ATS litigation. Sosa, 542 U. S., at 733, (noting
objections by the European Commission and South Africa);
Brief for the Federal Republic of Germany as Amicus
Curiae in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012,
No. 10 -- 1491, p. 1; Brief for the Government of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the
Kingdom of the Netherlands as Amici Curiae in No. 10 -- 
1491, p. 3. These are the very foreign-relations tensions
the First Congress sought to avoid.
Petitioners insist that whatever the faults of this litiga-
tion -- for example, its tenuous connections to the United
States and the prolonged diplomatic disruptions it has
caused -- the fact that Arab Bank is a foreign corporate
entity, as distinct from a natural person, is not one of
them. That misses the point. As demonstrated by this
litigation, foreign corporate defendants create unique
problems. And courts are not well suited to make the
required policy judgments that are implicated by corporate
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 27

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

liability in cases like this one.
Like the presumption against extraterritoriality, judi-
cial caution under Sosa "guards against our courts trigger-
ing... serious foreign policy consequences, and instead
defers such decisions, quite appropriately, to the political
branches." Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 124. If, in light of all the
concerns that must be weighed before imposing liability on
foreign corporations via ATS suits, the Court were to hold
that it has the discretion to make that determination, then
the cautionary language of Sosa would be little more than
empty rhetoric. Accordingly, the Court holds that foreign
corporations may not be defendants in suits brought under
the ATS.
III
With the ATS, the First Congress provided a federal
remedy for a narrow category of international-law viola-
tions committed by individuals. Whether, more than two
centuries on, a similar remedy should be available against
foreign corporations is similarly a decision that Congress
must make.
The political branches can determine, referring to inter-
national law to the extent they deem proper, whether to
impose liability for human-rights violations upon foreign
corporations in this Nation's courts, and, conversely, that
courts in other countries should be able to hold United
States corporations liable. Congress might determine that
violations of international law do, or should, impose that
liability to ensure that corporations make every effort to
deter human-rights violations, and so that, even when
those efforts cannot be faulted, compensation for injured
persons will be a cost of doing business. If Congress and
the Executive were to determine that corporations should
be liable for violations of international law, that decision
would have special power and force because it would be
made by the branches most immediately responsive to,
28 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

and accountable to, the electorate.
It is still another possibility that, in the careful exercise
of its expertise in the field of foreign affairs, Congress
might conclude that neutral judicial safeguards may not
be ensured in every country; and so, as a reciprocal mat-
ter, it could determine that liability of foreign corporations
under the ATS should be subject to some limitations or
preconditions. Congress might deem this more careful
course to be the best way to encourage American corpora-
tions to undertake the extensive investments and foreign
operations that can be an important beginning point for
creating the infrastructures that allow human rights, as
well as judicial safeguards, to emerge. These delicate
judgments, involving a balance that it is the prerogative of
the political branches to make, especially in the field of
foreign affairs, would, once again, also be entitled to spe-
cial respect, especially because those careful distinctions
might themselves advance the Rule of Law. All this un-
derscores the important separation-of-powers concerns
that require the Judiciary to refrain from making these
kinds of decisions under the ATS. The political branches,
moreover, surely are better positioned than the Judiciary
to determine if corporate liability would, or would not,
create special risks of disrupting good relations with for-
eign governments.
Finally, Congress might find that corporate liability
should be limited to cases where a corporation's manage-
ment was actively complicit in the crime. Cf. ALI, Model
Penal Code.07(1)(c) (1985) (a corporation may be held
criminally liable where "the commission of the offense was
authorized, requested, commanded, performed or recklessly
tolerated by the board of directors or by a high managerial
agent acting on behalf of the corporation within the scope
of his office or employment"). Again, the political branches
are better equipped to make the preliminary findings
and consequent conclusions that should inform this
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 29

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

determination.
These and other considerations that must shape and
instruct the formulation of principles of international and
domestic law are matters that the political branches are in
the better position to define and articulate. For these
reasons, judicial deference requires that any imposition of
corporate liability on foreign corporations for violations of
international law must be determined in the first instance
by the political branches of the Government.
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is affirmed.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full because it correctly
applies our precedents. I also agree with the points raised
by my concurring colleagues. Courts should not be in the
business of creating new causes of action under the Alien
Tort Statute, see post, at 2 -- 5 (GORSUCH, J., concurring in
part and concurring in judgment), especially when it risks
international strife, see post, at 3 -- 7 (ALITO, J., concurring
in part and concurring in judgment). And the Alien Tort
Statute likely does not apply to suits between foreign
plaintiffs and foreign defendants. See post, at 5 -- 14 (opin-
ion of GORSUCH, J.).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of ALITO, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE ALITO, concurring in part and concurring in the
judgment.
Creating causes of action under the Alien Tort Statute
against foreign corporate defendants would precipitate
exactly the sort of diplomatic strife that the law was en-
acted to prevent. As a result, I agree with the Court that
we should not take that step, and I join Parts I, II -- B -- 1,
and II -- C of the opinion of the Court. I write separately to
elaborate on why that outcome is compelled not only by
"judicial caution," ante, at 27 (majority opinion), but also
by the separation of powers.
I
The ATS is a jurisdictional statute. It provides that
"[t]he district courts shall have original jurisdiction of any
civil action by an alien for a tort only, committed in viola-
tion of the law of nations or a treaty of the United States."
28 U. S. C.. By its terms, the ATS does not create
any causes of action.
In Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, (2004), how-
ever, this Court nevertheless held that federal courts,
exercising their authority in limited circumstances to
make federal common law, may create causes of action
that aliens may assert under the ATS. That holding takes
some explaining.
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of ALITO, J.

According to Sosa, when the First Congress enacted the
ATS in 1789, it assumed that the statute would "have
practical effect the moment it became law" because the
general common law "would provide a cause of action for
[a] modest number of international law violations." Id., at
724. That assumption, however, depended on the contin-
ued existence of the general common law. And in 1938 -- a
century and a half after Congress enacted the ATS -- this
Court rejected the "fallacy" underlying the general com-
mon law, declaring definitively that "[t]here is no federal
general common law." Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins, 79 (1938). That left the ATS in an awkward spot:
Congress had not created any causes of action for the
statute on the assumption that litigants would use those
provided by the general common law, but now the general
common law was no more.
In Sosa, this Court did its best to resolve that problem.
"[I]t would be unreasonable to assume," the Court ex-
plained, "that the First Congress would have expected
federal courts to lose all capacity to recognize enforceable
international norms simply because the [general] common
law might lose some metaphysical cachet on the road to
modern realism." 542 U. S., at 730. Although the general
common law was gone, the Court concluded, federal courts
could still exercise their authority to create so-called "fed-
eral common law" for those " 'few and restricted' " areas "in
which Congress has given the courts the power to develop
substantive law." Texas Industries, Inc. v. Radcliff Mate-
rials, Inc., (1981). Sosa interpreted the
ATS as conferring such authorization.
As a result, Sosa held that federal courts, subject to
certain conditions, may "recognize private causes of action
[under the ATS] for certain torts in violation of the law of
nations." 542 U. S., at 724. But before doing so, Sosa
stressed, courts should follow a two-step process. First,
they should ensure that the contemplated cause of action
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of ALITO, J.

reflects an international law norm that is " 'specific, uni-
versal and obligatory.' " Id., at 732. Second, if a suitable
norm is identified, federal courts should decide whether
there is any other reason to limit "the availability of re-
lief." Id., at 733,.
II
For the reasons articulated by Justice Scalia in Sosa
and by JUSTICE GORSUCH today, I am not certain that
Sosa was correctly decided. See id., at 739 -- 751 (Scalia, J.,
dissenting); post, at 2 -- 5 (GORSUCH, J., concurring in part
and concurring in judgment). But even taking that deci-
sion on its own terms, this Court should not create causes
of action under the ATS against foreign corporate defend-
ants. As part of Sosa's second step, a court should decline
to create a cause of action as a matter of federal common
law where the result would be to further, not avoid, dip-
lomatic strife. Properly applied, that rule easily resolves
the question presented by this case.*
Sosa interpreted the ATS to authorize the federal courts
to create causes of action as a matter of federal common
law. We have repeatedly emphasized that "in fashioning
federal [common law] principles to govern areas left open
by Congress, our function is to effectuate congressional
policy." United States v. Kimbell Foods, Inc., (1979). Fidelity to congressional policy is not
only prudent but necessary: Going beyond the bounds of
Congress's authorization would mean unconstitutionally
usurping part of the "legislative Powers." U. S. Const.,
Art. I,. Accordingly, the objective for courts in every
case requiring the creation of federal common law must be
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* Because this case involves a foreign corporation, we have no need to
reach the question whether an alien may sue a United States corpora-
tion under the ATS. And since such a suit may generally be brought in
federal court based on diversity jurisdiction, 28 U. S. C. (2), it
is unclear why ATS jurisdiction would be needed in that situation.
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of ALITO, J.

"to find the rule that will best effectuate the federal policy."
Textile Workers v. Lincoln Mills of Ala., (1957).
The ATS was meant to help the United States avoid
diplomatic friction. The First Congress enacted the law to
provide a forum for adjudicating that "narrow set of viola-
tions of the law of nations" that, if left unaddressed,
"threaten[ed] serious consequences" for the United States.
Sosa, 542 U. S., at 715; see also Brief for Professors of
International Law et al. as Amici Curiae 7 -- 12. Specifically,
the First Congress was concerned about offenses like
piracy, violation of safe conducts, and infringement of the
rights of ambassadors, each of which "if not adequately
redressed could rise to an issue of war." Sosa, supra, at
715. That threat was existentially terrifying for the young
Nation. See Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., -- 124 (2013). To minimize the danger, the
First Congress enacted the ATS, "ensur[ing] that the
United States could provide a forum for adjudicating such
incidents" and thus helping the Nation avoid further
diplomatic imbroglios. Id., at 124; see ante, at 25 (majority
opinion).
Putting that objective together with the rules governing
federal common law generally, the following principle
emerges: Federal courts should decline to create federal
common law causes of action under Sosa's second step
whenever doing so would not materially advance the
ATS's objective of avoiding diplomatic strife. And apply-
ing that principle here, it is clear that federal courts
should not create causes of action under the ATS against
foreign corporate defendants. All parties agree that cus-
tomary international law does not require corporate liabil-
ity as a general matter. See Brief for Petitioners 30; Brief
for Respondent 22; see also ante, at 17 (plurality opinion);
post, at 3 -- 4 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). But if customary
international law does not require corporate liability, then
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of ALITO, J.

declining to create it under the ATS cannot give other
nations just cause for complaint against the United States.
To the contrary, ATS suits against foreign corporations
may provoke -- and, indeed, frequently have provoked -- 
exactly the sort of diplomatic strife inimical to the funda-
mental purpose of the ATS. Some foreign states appear to
interpret international law as foreclosing civil corporate
liability for violations of the law of nations. See Brief for
Government of the United Kingdom et al. as Amici Curiae
in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No.
10 -- 1491, p. 14. Creating ATS causes of action against
foreign corporate defendants would put the United States
at odds with these nations. Even when states do not
object to this sort of corporate liability as a legal matter,
they may be concerned about ATS suits against their
corporations for political reasons. For example, Jordan
considers this suit "a direct affront" to its sovereignty and
one that "risks destabilizing Jordan's economy and under-
cutting one of the most stable and productive alliances the
United States has in the Middle East." Brief for Hashe-
mite Kingdom of Jordan as Amicus Curiae 4. Courting
these sorts of problems -- which seem endemic to ATS
litigation -- was the opposite of what the First Congress
had in mind.
In response, the dissent argues merely that any diplo-
matic friction "can be addressed with a tool more tailored
to the source of the problem than a blanket ban on corpo-
rate liability." Post, at 19. Even on its own terms, that
argument is problematic: Many of the "more tailored" tools
offered by the dissent will still be hotly litigated by ATS
plaintiffs, and it may be years before incorrect initial
decisions about their applicability can be reviewed by the
courts of appeals. See ante, at 11 (plurality opinion).
In any event, the dissent misunderstands the relevant
standard. The question before us is whether the United
States would be embroiled in fewer international contro-
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of ALITO, J.

versies if we created causes of action under the ATS
against foreign corporate defendants. Unless corporate
liability would actively decrease diplomatic disputes, we
have no authority to act. On that score, the dissent can
only speculate that declining to create causes of action
against foreign corporate defendants "might" lead to dip-
lomatic friction. Post, at 30. But the dissent has no real-
world examples to support its hunch, and that is not sur-
prising; the ATS already goes further than any other
statute in the world in granting aliens the right to sue
civilly for violations of international law, especially in
light of the many other avenues for relief available. See
ante, at 23 (plurality opinion). It would be rather rich for
any other nation to complain that the ATS does not go far
enough. Indeed, no country has.
Finally, the dissent invokes "the considered judgment of
the Executive Branch and Congress" that ATS suits
against foreign corporations are "necessary 'to help the
United States avoid diplomatic friction.' " Post, at 31,. Tellingly, however, the dissent cannot muster a
single source that actually supports that bold contention.
Instead, the dissent immediately retreats to two far more
modest assertions. First, the dissent observes that the
Executive Branch has twice suggested that this Court
should allow causes of action against corporate defendants
under the ATS. But both times the Executive Branch
defended that perspective primarily under the first step of
Sosa; here, however, we are dealing with Sosa's second
step, and with the risk of diplomatic friction in particular.
Second, the dissent also notes that the Executive Branch
and Congress have each taken steps to hold corporations
liable for certain acts like terrorism. Post, at 31,.
That is, of course, true, but it is also entirely irrelevant.
Congress and the Executive Branch may be willing to
trade off the risk of some diplomatic friction in exchange
for the promotion of other objectives (such as "holding
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of ALITO, J.

foreign corporations to account for certain egregious con-
duct," ibid.). That is their prerogative as the political
branches. But consistent with the separation of powers,
we have neither the luxury nor the right to make such
policy decisions ourselves.
Creating causes of action under the ATS against foreign
corporate defendants would be a no-win proposition.
Foreign corporate liability would not only fail to meaning-
fully advance the objectives of the ATS, but it would also
lead to precisely those "serious consequences in interna-
tional affairs" that the ATS was enacted to avoid. Sosa,
542 U. S., at 715. Under those circumstances, federal
courts have a duty to refrain from acting. Although that
may make it more difficult for aliens to hold foreign corpo-
rations liable for human rights abuses, we have repeatedly
rejected the view that the ATS was meant to transform
the federal courts into forums for the litigation of all hu-
man rights suits. See ante, at 8 -- 9, 25 -- 27 (majority opin-
ion); Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 123 -- 124; Sosa, supra, at 715 -- 
718. Declining to extend the ATS to foreign corporate
defendants is thus not about "[i]mmunizing corporations
that violate human rights," post, at 34, but rather about
furthering the purpose that the ATS was actually meant
to serve -- avoiding diplomatic strife.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE GORSUCH, concurring in part and concurring in
the judgment.
I am pleased to join the Court's judgment and Parts I,
II -- B -- 1, and II -- C of its opinion. Respectfully, though, I
believe there are two more fundamental reasons why this
lawsuit must be dismissed. A group of foreign plaintiffs
wants a federal court to invent a new cause of action so
they can sue another foreigner for allegedly breaching
international norms. In any other context, a federal judge
faced with a request like that would know exactly what to
do with it: dismiss it out of hand. Not because the defend-
ant happens to be a corporation instead of a human being.
But because the job of creating new causes of action and
navigating foreign policy disputes belongs to the political
branches. For reasons passing understanding, federal
courts have sometimes treated the Alien Tort Statute as a
license to overlook these foundational principles. I would
end ATS exceptionalism. We should refuse invitations to
create new forms of legal liability. And we should not
meddle in disputes between foreign citizens over interna-
tional norms. I write because I am hopeful that courts in
the future might pause to consider both of these reasons
for restraint before taking up cases like this one. Whatever
powers courts may possess in ATS suits, they are powers
judges should be doubly careful not to abuse.
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

I
First adopted in 1789, the current version of the ATS
provides that "[t]he district courts shall have original
jurisdiction of any civil action by an alien for a tort only,
committed in violation of the law of nations or a treaty of
the United States." 28 U. S. C.. More than two
hundred years later, the meaning of this terse provision
has still "proven elusive." Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, (2004). At the same time, this Court has
suggested that Congress enacted the statute to afford
federal courts jurisdiction to hear tort claims related to
three violations of international law that were already
embodied in English common law: violations of safe con-
ducts extended to aliens, interference with ambassadors,
and piracy. Id., at 715; 4 W. Blackstone, Commentaries on
the Laws of England 68 (1769) (Blackstone); see also
Bellia & Clark, The Alien Tort Statute and the Law of
Nations, 78 U. Chi. L. Rev. 445 (2011) (arguing that the
ATS meant to supply jurisdiction over a slightly larger set
of claims involving intentional torts by Americans against
aliens).
In this case, the plaintiffs seek much more. They want
the federal courts to recognize a new cause of action, one
that did not exist at the time of the statute's adoption, one
that Congress has never authorized. While their request
might appear inconsistent with Sosa's explanation of the
ATS's modest origin, the plaintiffs say that a caveat later
in the opinion saves them. They point to a passage where
the Court went on to suggest that the ATS may also afford
federal judges "discretion [to] conside[r] [creating] new
cause[s] of action" if they "rest on a norm of international
character accepted by the civilized world and defined with
a specificity comparable to the features of the [three] 18th-
century" torts the Court already described. 542 U. S., at
725.
I harbor serious doubts about Sosa's suggestion. In our
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

democracy the people's elected representatives make the
laws that govern them. Judges do not. The Constitution's
provisions insulating judges from political accountability
may promote our ability to render impartial judgments
in disputes between the people, but they do nothing
to recommend us as policymakers for a large nation.
Recognizing just this, our cases have held that when
confronted with a request to fashion a new cause of action,
"separation-of-powers principles are or should be central
to the analysis." Ziglar v. Abbasi, 582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017). The first and most important question in
that analysis "is 'who should decide'..., Congress or the
courts?" and the right answer "most often will be Con-
gress." Ibid. Deciding that, henceforth, persons like A
who engage in certain conduct will be liable to persons like
B is, in every meaningful sense, just like enacting a new
law. And in our constitutional order the job of writing new
laws belongs to Congress, not the courts. Adopting new
causes of action may have been a "proper function for
common-law courts," but it is not appropriate "for federal
tribunals" mindful of the limits of their constitutional
authority. Alexander v. Sandoval, 
(2001).
Nor can I see any reason to make a special exception for
the ATS. As Sosa initially acknowledged, the ATS was
designed as "a jurisdictional statute creating no new
causes of action." 542 U. S., at 724; accord, ante, at 8
(majority opinion). And I would have thought that the end
of the matter. A statute that creates no new causes of
action... creates no new causes of action. To the extent
Sosa continued on to claim for federal judges the discre-
tionary power to create new forms of liability on their own,
it invaded terrain that belongs to the people's representa-
tives and should be promptly returned to them. 542 U. S.,
at 747 (Scalia, J., concurring in part and concurring in
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

judgment).1
But even accepting Sosa's framework does not end the
matter. As the Court acknowledges, there is a strong
argument that "a proper application of Sosa would pre-
clude courts from ever recognizing any new causes of
action under the ATS." Ante, at 19. I believe that argu-
ment is correct. For the reasons just described, separation
of powers considerations ordinarily require us to defer to
Congress in the creation of new forms of liability. This
Court hasn't yet used Sosa's assertion of discretionary
authority to recognize a new cause of action, and I cannot
imagine a sound reason, hundreds of years after the stat-
ute's passage, to start now. For a court inclined to claim
the discretion to enter this field, it is a discretion best
exercised by staying out of it.
The context in which any Sosa discretion would be
exercised confirms the wisdom of restraint. Sosa acknowl-
edged that any decision to create a new cause of action
would "inevitably [involve] an element of judgment about
the practical consequences" that might follow. Id., at 732 -- 
733. But because the point of such a claim would be to
vindicate "a norm of international character," id., at 725,
those "practical consequences" would likely involve ques-
tions of foreign affairs and national security -- matters that
implicate neither judicial expertise nor authority. It is for
Congress to "define and punish... Offences against the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Thedissent claims that Congress's decision to give federal courts
"jurisdiction over claims based on 'the law of nations,' " necessarily
implies the authority to develop that law. Post, at 16. That does not
follow. Federal courts have jurisdiction over all kinds of cases -- for
example, those arising under the law of torts or contracts. Yet follow-
ing our decision in Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins, (1938), federal
courts are generally no longer permitted to promulgate new federal
common law causes of action in those areas. Id., at 75. I can see no
reason to treat the law of nations differently. See Sosa v. Alvarez-
Machain, -- 746 (2004) (Scalia, J., concurring in part
and concurring in judgment).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

Law of Nations" and to regulate foreign commerce. U. S.
Const., Art. I.,. And it is for the President to resolve
diplomatic disputes and command the armed forces. Art.
II, -- 3. Foreign policy and national security decisions
are "delicate, complex, and involve large elements of
prophecy" for which "the Judiciary has neither aptitude,
facilities[,] nor responsibility." Chicago & Southern Air
Lines, Inc. v. Waterman S. S. Corp., 
(1948) (Jackson, J.). And I find it difficult to imagine a
case in which a federal court might safely conclude other-
wise. Take this very lawsuit by way of example. The
Kingdom of Jordan considers it to be "a 'grave affront' to
its sovereignty," and the State Department worries about
its foreign policy implications. Ante, at 26. Whether
American interests justify the "practical consequence" of
offending another nation in this way (or in worse ways
yet) is a question that should be addressed "only by those
directly responsible to the people whose welfare" such
decisions "advance or imperil." Waterman S. S. Corp.,
supra, at 111. So while I have no quarrel with the dis-
sent's observation, post, at 15 -- 16, that lower federal courts
are not free to overrule Sosa's framework or treat it as
optional, I do know that the analysis Sosa requires should
come out the same way in virtually every case. If Sosa is
right -- and I am sure it is -- that federal courts must "inev-
itably" exercise "an element of judgment" about delicate
questions of foreign affairs when deciding whether to
create a new cause of action, then judges should exercise
good judgment by declining the project before we create
real trouble.
II
Another independent problem lurks here. This is a suit
by foreigners against a foreigner over the meaning of
international norms. Respectfully, I do not think the
original understanding of the ATS or our precedent per-
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

mits federal courts to hear cases like this. At a minimum,
both those considerations and simple common sense about
the limits of the judicial function should lead federal
courts to require a domestic defendant before agreeing to
exercise any Sosa-generated discretion to entertain an
ATS suit.
Start with the statute. What we call the Alien Tort
Statute began as just one clause among many in of the
Judiciary Act of 1789, which specified the jurisdiction of
the federal courts. 1 Stat. 76 -- 78. The ATS clause gave
the district courts "cognizance, concurrent with the courts
of the several States, or the circuit courts, as the case may
be, of all causes where an alien sues for a tort only in
violation of the law of nations or a treaty of the United
States."2 Like today's recodified version, 28 U. S. C.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 "Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the district courts shall

have, exclusively of the courts of the several States, cognizance of all
crimes and offences that shall be cognizable under the authority of the
United States, committed within their respective districts, or upon the
high seas; where no other punishment than whipping, not exceeding
thirty stripes, a fine not exceeding one hundred dollars, or a term of
imprisonment not exceeding six months, is to be inflicted; and shall also
have exclusive original cognizance of all civil causes of admiralty and
maritime jurisdiction, including all seizures under laws of impost,
navigation or trade of the United States, where the seizures are made,
on waters which are navigable from the sea by vessels of ten or more
tons burthen, within their respective districts as well as upon the high
seas; saving to suitors, in all cases, the right of a common law remedy,
where the common law is competent to give it; and shall also have
exclusive original cognizance of all seizures on land, or other waters
than as aforesaid, made, and of all suits for penalties and forfeitures
incurred, under the laws of the United States. And shall also have
cognizance, concurrent with the courts of the several States, or the
circuit courts, as the case may be, of all causes where an alien sues for a
tort only in violation of the law of nations or a treaty of the United
States. And shall also have cognizance, concurrent as last mentioned,
of all suits at common law where the United States sue, and the matter
in dispute amounts, exclusive of costs, to the sum or value of one
hundred dollars. And shall also have jurisdiction, exclusively of the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of GORSUCH, J., the original text of the ATS did not expressly call
for a U. S. defendant. But I think it likely would have
been understood to contain such a requirement when
adopted.
That is because the First Congress passed the Judiciary
Act in the shadow of the Constitution. The Act created the
federal courts and vested them with statutory authority to
entertain claims consistent with the newly ratified terms
of Article III. Meanwhile, under Article III, Congress
could not have extended to federal courts the power to
hear just any suit between two aliens (unless, for example,
one was a diplomat). Diversity of citizenship was re-
quired. So, because Article III's diversity-of-citizenship
clause calls for a U. S. party, and because the ATS clause
requires an alien plaintiff, it follows that an American
defendant was needed for an ATS suit to proceed.
Precedent confirms this conclusion. In Mossman v.
Higginson, 4 Dall. 12, 14 (1800), this Court addressed the
meaning of a neighboring provision of the Judiciary Act.
Section 11 gave the circuit courts power to hear, among
other things, civil cases where "an alien is a party." 1
Stat. 78. As with, you might think 's language could
be read to permit a suit between aliens. Yet this Court
held must instead be construed to refer only to cases
"where, indeed, an alien is one party, but a citizen is the
other." Mossman, 4 Dall., at 14. That was necessary, Mossman explained, to give
the statute a "constructio[n] consistent" with the diversity-
jurisdiction clause of Article III. Ibid. And as a matter of
precedent, I cannot think of a good reason why we would
now read differently than Mossman read. Like
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
courts of the several States, of all suits against consuls or vice-consuls,
except for offences above the description aforesaid. And the trial of
issues in fact, in the district courts, in all causes except civil causes of
admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, shall be by jury." 1 Stat. 76 -- 77
(some emphasis added; footnotes omitted).
8 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

cases are, after all, supposed to come out alike. See Sarei
v. Rio Tinto, PLC, 671 F. 3d 736, 828 (CA9 2011) (Ikuta,
J., dissenting) ("Mossman's analysis [of ] is equally
applicable to.... ATS does not give federal courts
jurisdiction to hear international law claims between two
aliens"), vacated and remanded, (2013).
Nor does it appear the ATS meant to rely on any other
head of Article III jurisdiction. You might wonder, for
example, if the First Congress considered a "violation of
the law of nations" to be a violation of, and thus "arise
under," federal law. But that does not seem likely. At the
founding, the law of nations was considered a distinct
"system of rules, deducible by natural reason, and estab-
lished by universal consent among the civilized inhabit-
ants of the world," 4 Blackstone 66. While this Court has
called international law "part of our law," The Paquete
Habana, (1900), and a component of the
"law of the land," The Nereide, 9 Cranch 388, 423 (1815),
that simply meant international law was no different than
the law of torts or contracts -- it was "part of the so-called
general common law," but not part of federal law. Sosa,
542 U. S., at 739 -- 740 (opinion of Scalia, J.). See Bradley &
Goldsmith, Customary International Law as Federal
Common Law: A Critique of the Modern Position, 110
Harv. L. Rev. 815, 824, 849 -- 850 (1997); see also Young,
Sorting Out the Debate Over Customary International
Law, 42 Va. J. Int'l L. 365, 374 -- 375 (2002). The text of the
Constitution appears to recognize just this distinction.
Article I speaks of "Offences against the Law of Nations,"
while both Article III and Article VI's Supremacy Clause,
which defines the scope of pre-emptive federal law, omit
that phrase while referring to the "Laws of the United
States." Congress may act to bring provisions of interna-
tional law into federal law, but they cannot find their way
there on their own. "The law of nations is not embodied in
any provision of the Constitution, nor in any treaty, act of
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

Congress, or any authority, or commission derived from
the United States." Caperton v. Bowyer, 14 Wall. 216, 228
(1872).
Even so, that hardly left the ATS without important
work to perform. At the time of the founding, "[i]f a nation
failed to redress injuries by its citizens upon the citizens of
another nation, the perpetrators' nation violated the 'per-
fect rights' of the other nation," which "provided the of-
fended nation with just cause for reprisals or war." Bellia
& Clark, 78 U. Chi. L. Rev., at 476.3 This reality posed an
existential threat to the new nation. Under the Articles of
Confederation, States regularly refused to redress injuries
their citizens caused foreigners. British creditors, for
example, often found their efforts to collect debts from
American debtors thwarted. Id., at 498 -- 501. Seeking to
remedy these and similar problems, the Continental Con-
gress in 1781 passed a resolution encouraging the States,
among other things, to establish tribunals for vindicating
"offences against the law of nations" and to "authorise
suits to be instituted for damages by the party injured."
Id., at 495 -- 496. But the States did too little, too late. So
when the framers gathered to write the Constitution they
included among their chief priorities endowing the national
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 As a leading treatise explained, a sovereign "ought not to suffer his

subjects to molest the subjects of others, or to do them an injury, much
less should he permit them audaciously to offend foreign powers." E. de
Vattel, 1 The Law of Nations, bk. II, p. 145 (1760). Instead, the
nation "ought to oblige the guilty to repair the damage, if that be
possible, to inflict on him an exemplary punishment, or, in short,
according to the nature of the case, and the circumstances attending it,
to deliver him up to the offended state there to receive justice." Ibid. A
sovereign who "refuses to cause a reparation to be made of the damage
caused by his subject, or to punish the guilty, or, in short, to deliver him
up, renders himself in some measure an accomplice in the injury, and
becomes responsible for it." Id., at 145; see also Bellia & Clark,
The Alien Tort Statute and the Law of Nations, 78 U. Chi. L. Rev. 472 -- 
477 (2011).
10 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

government with sufficient power to ensure the country's
compliance with the law of nations. See 1 Records of the
Federal Convention of 1787, pp. 24 -- 25 (M. Farrand rev.
1966).
Together with other provisions of the Judiciary Act, the
ATS served that purpose. The law of nations required
countries to ensure foreign citizens could obtain redress
for wrongs committed by domestic defendants, whether
"through criminal punishment, extradition, or a civil
remedy." Bellia & Clark, 78 U. Chi. L. Rev., at 509. Yet
in 1789 this country had no comprehensive criminal code
and no extradition treaty with Great Britain. Id., at 509 -- 
510. Section 11 achieved a partial solution to the problem
by permitting civil diversity suits in federal court between
aliens and domestic parties, but that provision required at
least $500 in controversy. 1 Stat. 78; cf. 28 U. S. C.
(today's minimum is $75,000). But, as Professors
Bellia and Clark have explained, "[h]ad Congress stopped
there, it would have omitted an important category of law
of nations violations that threatened the peace of the
United States: personal injuries that US citizens inflicted
upon aliens resulting in less than $500 in damages." 78 U.
Chi. L. Rev., at 509. So the ATS neatly filled the remain-
ing gap by allowing aliens to sue in federal court for a tort
in violation of the law of nations regardless of the amount
in controversy. One obvious advantage of this solution
"was that it was self-executing -- it placed the burden on
injured aliens to bring suit and did not require the still-
forming US government immediately to marshal the
resources necessary to prosecute crimes" or aid extradi-
tions. Id., at 510.
Any attempt to decipher a cryptic old statute is sure to
meet with challenges. For example, one could object that
this reading of the Act does not assign to the ATS the
work of addressing assaults by aliens against foreign
ambassadors on our soil, even though Sosa suggested the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

statute was enacted partly in response to precisely such a
case: the "Marbois incident of May 1784, in which a
French adventurer, De Longchamps, verbally and physi-
cally assaulted the Secretary of the French Legion in
Philadelphia." 542 U. S., at 716. Many thought that the
States' failure to provide a forum for relief to the foreign
minister was a scandal and part of what prompted the
framers of the Constitution to strengthen the national
government. Id., at 717; Bellia & Clark, supra, at 467
("The Confederation's inability to remedy or curtail viola-
tions like these was a significant factor precipitating the
Federal Convention of 1787").
But worries along these lines may be misplaced. The
ATS was never meant to serve as a freestanding statute,
only as one clause in one section of the Judiciary Act. So
even if you think something in the Judiciary Act must be
interpreted to address the Marbois incident, that doesn't
mean it must be the ATS clause. And, as it happens, a
different provision of the Act did deal expressly with the
problem of ambassadorial assaults: Section 13 conferred
on this Court "original, but not exclusive jurisdiction of all
suits brought by ambassadors, or other public ministers,
or in which a consul, or vice consul shall be a party." 1
Stat. 80 -- 81. That implemented Article III's provision
empowering us to hear suits "affecting Ambassadors, other
public ministers and Consuls.". And given that 
deals with the problem of "ambassadors" so directly, it is
unclear why we must read to address that same prob-
lem. See Lee, The Safe-Conduct Theory of the Alien Tort
Statute, 106 Colum. L. Rev. 830, 855 -- 858 (2006).
Along different but similar lines, some might be con-
cerned that requiring a U. S. defendant in ATS suits
would leave the problem of piracy inadequately addressed,
given that Sosa suggested that piracy was one of the three
offenses the ATS may have meant to capture, and many
pirates were foreigners. See 542 U. S., at 719. But here
12 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

the response is much the same. A separate clause of 
gave the district courts "exclusive original cognizance of
all civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction." 1
Stat. 77. That statute has long been given a broad con-
struction covering "all maritime contracts, torts and inju-
ries," DeLovio v. Boit, 7 F. Cas. 418, 442 (No. 3,776) (CC
Mass. 1815) (Story, J.), along with "prize jurisdiction,
which probably included almost all 'piracy' cases after
1789," Lee, supra, at 867. So it is not clear why it's neces-
sary to cram the problem of piracy into the ATS. If any-
thing, it may be necessary not to do so. Structural fea-
tures of make it at least questionable that both
provisions were meant to address the same subject matter:
Cases falling within 's ATS clause could also be brought
in state court or in the circuit courts, 1 Stat. 77, while 's
admiralty jurisdiction was generally exclusive, id., at 76 -- 
77. See Lee, supra, at 868. And the two provisions also
called for incompatible procedures: Section 9 required jury
trials "in all causes except civil causes of admiralty and
maritime jurisdiction." 1 Stat. 77.
If doubt lingers on these historical questions, it is a
doubt that should counsel restraint all the same. Even if
the ATS might have meant to allow foreign ambassadors
to sue foreign defendants, or foreign plaintiffs to sue for-
eign pirates, what would that prove about more mine-run
cases like ours, where none of those special concerns are
implicated? There are at least serious historical argu-
ments suggesting the ATS was not meant to apply to suits
like this one. And to the extent Sosa affords courts discre-
tion to proceed, these arguments should inform any deci-
sion whether to exercise that discretion. In Kiobel v.
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., -- 117 (2013),
the Court invoked Sosa discretion to refuse to hear cases
involving foreign conduct. I can see no reason why courts
should respond differently when it comes to cases involv-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

ing foreign defendants.4
Any consideration of Sosa's discretion must also account
for proper limits on the judicial function. As discussed
above, federal courts generally lack the institutional ex-
pertise and constitutional authority to oversee foreign
policy and national security, and should be wary of stray-
ing where they do not belong. See supra, at 4 -- 5. Yet
there are degrees of institutional incompetence and consti-
tutional evil. It is one thing for courts to assume the task
of creating new causes of action to ensure our citizens
abide by the law of nations and avoid reprisals against
this country. It is altogether another thing for courts to
punish foreign parties for conduct that could not be at-
tributed to the United States and thereby risk reprisals
against this country. If a foreign state or citizen violates
an "international norm" in a way that offends another
foreign state or citizen, the Constitution arms the Presi-
dent and Congress with ample means to address it. Or, if
they think best, the political branches may choose to look
the other way. But in all events, the decision to impose
sanctions in disputes between foreigners over international
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The dissent is wrong to suggest, post, at 17, that Sosa "forecloses"

the possibility of recognizing a U. S.-defendant requirement in ATS
cases. Sosa said nothing about the subject. And were Sosa taken to
preclude any future limits on ATS suits it did not itself anticipate, then
Kiobel must have been wrong to apply the canon against extraterrito-
rial application to that statute. But that is not so. The dissent also
observes that Sosa "involved an ATS suit brought by a citizen of Mexico
against a citizen of Mexico," and that certain amici in Sosa filed briefs
arguing that the Court lacked authority over the ATS claims for that
reason. See post, at 17. But Sosa did not address those arguments;
questions that "merely lurk in the record are not resolved, and no
resolution of them may be inferred." Illinois Bd. of Elections v. Social-
ist Workers Party, (1979) (citations and internal
quotation marks omitted); accord, RJR Nabisco, Inc. v. European
Community, 579 U. S. ___, ___, (2016) (, ) (issue
present but unaddressed by the Court in a previous case was not
implicitly decided).
14 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

norms is not ours to make. It is a decision that belongs to
those answerable to the people and assigned by the Con-
stitution to defend this nation. If they wish our help, they
are free to enlist it, but we should not ever be in the busi-
ness of elbowing our way in.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE GINSBURG,
JUSTICE BREYER, and JUSTICE KAGAN join, dissenting.
The Court today holds that the Alien Tort Statute
(ATS), 28 U. S. C., categorically forecloses foreign
corporate liability. In so doing, it absolves corporations
from responsibility under the ATS for conscience-shocking
behavior. I disagree both with the Court's conclusion and
its analytic approach. The text, history, and purpose of
the ATS, as well as the long and consistent history of
corporate liability in tort, confirm that tort claims for law­
of-nations violations may be brought against corporations
under the ATS. Nothing about the corporate form in itself
raises foreign-policy concerns that require the Court, as a
matter of common-law discretion, to immunize all foreign
corporations from liability under the ATS, regardless of
the specific law-of-nations violations alleged. I respectfully
dissent.
I
The plurality assumes without deciding that whether
corporations can be permissible defendants under the ATS
turns on the first step of the two-part inquiry set out in
Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, (2004). But by
asking whether there is "a specific, universal, and obliga­
tory norm of liability for corporations" in international
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

law, ante, at 13, the plurality fundamentally misconceives
how international law works and so misapplies the first
step of Sosa.
A
In Sosa, the Court considered whether a Mexican citizen
could recover under the ATS for a claim of arbitrary de­
tention by a Mexican national who had been hired by the
Drug Enforcement Administration to seize and transport
him to the United States. See 542 U. S., at 697 -- 698. The
Court held that the ATS permits federal courts to "recog­
nize private causes of action for certain torts in violation of
the law of nations," id., at 724, without the need for any
"further congressional action," id., at 712. The Court then
articulated a two-step framework to guide that inquiry.
First, a court must determine whether the particular
international-law norm alleged to have been violated is
"accepted by the civilized world and defined with a speci­
ficity comparable to the features of the 18th-century para­
digms," i.e., "violation of safe conducts, infringement of the
rights of ambassadors, and piracy." Id., at 724 -- 725. Only
if the norm is " 'specific, universal, and obligatory' " may
federal courts recognize a cause of action for its violation.
Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., 
(2013). Second, if that
threshold hurdle is satisfied, a court should consider
whether allowing a particular case to proceed is an appro­
priate exercise of judicial discretion. Sosa, 542 U. S., at
727 -- 728, 732 -- 733, 738. Applying that framework, Sosa
held that the alleged arbitrary detention claim at issue
failed at step one because "a single illegal detention of less
than a day, followed by the transfer of custody to lawful
authorities and a prompt arraignment, violates no norm of
customary international law so well defined as to support
the creation of a federal remedy." Id., at 738.
Sosa's norm-specific first step is inapposite to the cate­
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

gorical question whether corporations may be sued under
the ATS as a general matter. International law imposes
certain obligations that are intended to govern the behav­
ior of states and private actors. See id., at 714 -- 715; 1
Restatement (Third) of Foreign Relations Law of the
United States, pt. II, Introductory Note, pp. 70 -- 71 (1987)
(Restatement). Among those obligations are substantive
prohibitions on certain conduct thought to violate human
rights, such as genocide, slavery, extrajudicial killing, and
torture. See 2 Restatement. Substantive prohibi­
tions like these are the norms at which Sosa's step-one
inquiry is aimed and for which Sosa requires that there be
sufficient international consensus.
Sosa does not, however, demand that there be sufficient
international consensus with regard to the mechanisms of
enforcing these norms, for enforcement is not a question
with which customary international law is concerned.
Although international law determines what substantive
conduct violates the law of nations, it leaves the specific
rules of how to enforce international-law norms and remedy
their violation to states, which may act to impose liability
collectively through treaties or independently via their
domestic legal systems. See, e.g., L. Henkin, Foreign
Affairs and the United States Constitution 245 (2d ed.
1996) ("International law itself... does not require
any particular reaction to violations of law"); Denza,
The Relationship Between International and National
Law, in International Law 423 (M. Evans ed. 2006)
("[I]nternational law does not itself prescribe how it should
be applied or enforced at the national level"); 1 Restate­
ment, Comment h ("In the absence of special agree­
ment, it is ordinarily for the United States to decide how it
will carry out its international obligations"); Brief for
International Law Scholars as Amici Curiae 9 -- 10.
In keeping with the nature of international law, Sosa
consistently used the word "norm" to refer to substantive
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

conduct. For example, Sosa commands that "federal
courts should not recognize private claims under federal
common law for violations of any international law norm
with less definite content and acceptance among civilized
nations than the historical paradigms familiar when
was enacted." 542 U. S., at 732. That statement
would make little sense if "norm" encompassed enforce­
ment mechanisms like "corporate liability." Unlike "the
prohibition on genocide," "corporate liability" cannot be
violated. Moreover, "the historical paradigms familiar
when was enacted" are all prohibitions on conduct,
and Sosa clearly contemplated that courts should compare
the charged conduct with the historical conduct. See ibid.,
where the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit com­
pared a " 'torturer' " to " 'the pirate and slave trader before
him,' " id., at 890, and Judge Edwards' concurrence in Tel-
Oren v. Libyan Arab Republic, 726 F. 2d 774 (CADC
1984), which suggested that the " 'limits of section 1350's
reach' " be defined by " 'a handful of heinous actions -- each
of which violates definable, universal and obligatory
norms,' " id., at 781). There is no indication in Sosa that
the Court also intended for courts to undertake the apples-
to-oranges comparison of the conduct proscribed under
customary international law and the forms of liability
available under domestic law.
The text of the ATS also reflects this distinction between
prohibiting conduct and determining enforcement. The
statute provides: "The district courts shall have original
jurisdiction of any civil action by an alien for a tort only,
committed in violation of the law of nations or a treaty of
the United States." 28 U. S. C.. The phrase "of the
law of nations" modifies "violation," not "civil action." The
statutory text thus requires only that the alleged conduct
be specifically and universally condemned under interna­
tional law, not that the civil action be of a type that the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

international community specifically and universally
practices or endorses.
B
1
The plurality nonetheless allies itself with the view that
international law supplies the rule of decision in this case
based on its reading of footnote 20 in Sosa. That footnote
sets out "[a] related consideration" to "the determination
whether a norm is sufficiently definite to support a cause
of action." 542 U. S., at 732, and. In full, it states:
"A related consideration is whether international law
extends the scope of liability for a violation of a given
norm to the perpetrator being sued, if the defendant is
a private actor such as a corporation or individual.
Compare Tel-Oren v. Libyan Arab Republic, 726 F. 2d
774, 791 -- 795 (CADC 1984) (Edwards, J., concurring)
(insufficient consensus in 1984 that torture by private
actors violates international law), with Kadic v.
Karadžić, 70 F. 3d 232, 239 -- 241 (CA2 1995) (suffi­
cient consensus in 1995 that genocide by private ac­
tors violates international law)." 542 U. S., at 732,.
In the Second Circuit's decision in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch
Petroleum, 621 F. 3d 111 (2010), the majority opinion read
footnote 20 to "requir[e] that [courts] look to international
law to determine [their] jurisdiction over ATS claims
against a particular class of defendant, such as corpora­
tions." Id., at 127 (emphasis in original). The plurality
today accords "considerable force and weight to [that]
position," ante, at 13, and so proceeds to assess whether
there exists a specific, universal, and obligatory norm of
liability for corporations in international law, ante, at 13 -- 
17. But the Court of Appeals mistook the meaning of
footnote 20, which simply draws attention to the fact that,
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

under international law, "the distinction between conduct
that does and conduct that does not violate the law of
nations can turn on whether the conduct is done by or on
behalf of a State or by a private actor independently of a
State." Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 177 (Leval, J., concurring in
judgment).
The international-law norm against genocide, for exam­
ple, imposes obligations on all actors. Acts of genocide
thus violate the norm irrespective of whether they are
committed privately or in concert with the state. See
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the
Crime of Genocide, Art. II, Dec. 9, 1948, 102 Stat. 3045
(defining "genocide" as "any of the following acts commit­
ted with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national,
ethnical, racial or religious group"); see also 18 U. S. C.
("Whoever" commits genocide "shall be punished
as provided in subsection (b)"). In contrast, other norms,
like the prohibition on torture, require state action. Con­
duct thus qualifies as torture and violates the norm only
when done "by or at the instigation of or with the consent
or acquiescence of a public official or other person acting
in an official capacity." Convention Against Torture and
Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Pun­
ishment, Art. 1, Dec. 10, 1984, S. Treaty Doc. No. 100 -- 20,
1465 U. N. T. S. 114 (Torture Convention).1
Footnote 20 in Sosa flags this distinction and instructs
courts to consider whether there is "sufficient consensus"
that, with respect to the particular conduct prohibited
under "a given norm," the type of defendant being sued
can be alleged to have violated that specific norm. 542
U. S., at 732,. Because footnote 20 contemplates a
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 This distinction is similar to the state-action doctrine in domestic

law. The prohibitions in the Bill of Rights, for instance, apply only to
state actors, whereas the Thirteenth Amendment's prohibition on
slavery applies to all actors, state and private. See United States v.
Kozminski, (1988).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

norm-specific inquiry, not a categorical one, it is irrelevant
to the categorical question presented here. Assuming the
prohibition against financing of terrorism is sufficiently
"specific, universal, and obligatory" to satisfy the first step
of Sosa, a question on which I would remand to the Court
of Appeals, nothing in international law suggests a corpo­
ration may not violate it.2

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 At present, the norm-specific query contemplated by footnote 20 is

likely resolved simply by considering whether the given international-
law norm binds only state actors or state and nonstate actors alike,
because there does not appear to be an international-law norm that
contemplates a finer distinction between types of private actors. See
Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch
Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No. 10 -- 1491, p. 20 ("At the present time, the
United States is not aware of any international-law norm, accepted by
civilized nations and defined with the degree of specificity required by
Sosa, that requires, or necessarily contemplates, a distinction between
natural and juridical actors"); Dodge, Corporate Liability Under Cus­
tomary International Law, 43 Geo. J. Int'l L. 1045, 1050 (2012) ("None
of the norms that are actionable under Sosa distinguish between
natural and juridical persons").
Sosa itself supports the proposition that international law does not
distinguish between types of private actors, but rather treats natural
persons and corporations alike. Footnote 20 groups corporations and
individuals together under the larger category of "private actor." Sosa,
542 U. S., at 732, ("if the defendant is a private actor such as a
corporation or an individual"); see also id., at 760 (BREYER, J., concur­
ring in part and concurring in judgment) ("The norm must extend
liability to the type of perpetrator (e.g., a private actor) the plaintiff
seeks to sue" ). Sosa also describes the two
Court of Appeals decisions on which it relies as having considered
whether there was sufficient consensus that particular conduct -- 
torture or genocide -- "violates international law" when undertaken "by
private actors." Id., at 732, (discussing Tel-Oren v. Libyan Arab
Republic, 726 F. 2d 774, 791 -- 795 (CADC 1984) (Edwards, J., concur­
ring), and Kadic v. Karadžić, 70 F. 3d 232, 239 -- 241 (CA2 1995)). Even
though the defendant in Kadic was a natural person, see id., at 237,
and the defendants in Tel-Oren were juridical entities, see 726 F. 2d, at
775 -- 776, Sosa refers to them all as "private actors," 542 U. S., at 732,.
8 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

2
The plurality briefly acknowledges this critique of its
reading of footnote 20, but nonetheless assumes the cor­
rectness of its approach because of its view that there
exists a "distinction in international law between corpora­
tions and natural persons." Ante, at 17. The plurality
attempts to substantiate this proposition by pointing to
the charters of certain international criminal tribunals
and noting that none was given jurisdiction over corporate
defendants. That argument, however, confuses the sub­
stance of international law with how it has been enforced
in particular contexts.
Again, the question of who must undertake the prohib­
ited conduct for there to be a violation of an international-
law norm is one of international law, but how a particular
actor is held liable for a given law-of-nations violation
generally is a question of enforcement left up to individual
states. Sometimes, states act collectively and establish
international tribunals to punish certain international-law
violations. Each such tribunal is individually negotiated,
and the limitations placed on its jurisdiction are typi-
cally driven by strategic considerations and resource
constraints.
For example, the Allies elected not to prosecute corpora­
tions at Nuremberg because of pragmatic factors. Those
factors included scarce judicial resources, a preference of
the occupation governments to swiftly dismantle the most
culpable German companies without destroying Germa­
ny's postwar economy, and a desire to focus on establish­
ing the principle of nonstate criminal responsibility for
human-rights violations. See Brief for Nuremberg Schol­
ars as Amici Curiae 4, 11 -- 13.
More recently, the delegations that negotiated the Rome
Statute of the International Criminal Court in the 1990's
elected not to extend that tribunal's jurisdiction to corpo­
rations in part because states had varying domestic prac­
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

tices as to whether and how to impose criminal liability on
corporations. See Frulli, Jurisdiction Ratione Personae, in
1 Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court 527,
532 -- 533 (A. Cassese et al. eds. 2002); Brief for Ambassa­
dor David J. Scheffer as Amicus Curiae 8 -- 10.
Taken to its natural conclusion, the plurality's focus on
the practice of international criminal tribunals would
prove too much. No international tribunal has been created
and endowed with the jurisdiction to hold natural persons
civilly (as opposed to criminally) liable, yet the majority
and respondent accept that natural persons can be held
liable under the ATS. See ante, at 26; Tr. of Oral Arg. 62.
It cannot be persuasive evidence for purposes of ascertain­
ing the availability of corporate civil liability under the
ATS, then, that the jurisdiction of the handful of interna­
tional criminal tribunals that states have seen fit to
create in the last 75 years has not extended to corporate
defendants.
Ultimately, the evidence on which the plurality relies
does not prove that international law distinguishes be­
tween corporations and natural persons as a categorical
matter. To the contrary, it proves only that states' collec­
tive efforts to enforce various international-law norms
have, to date, often focused on natural rather than corpo­
rate defendants.
In fact, careful review of states' collective and individual
enforcement efforts makes clear that corporations are
subject to certain obligations under international law. For
instance, the United States Military Tribunal that prose­
cuted several corporate executives of IG Farben declared
that corporations could violate international law. See 8
Trials of War Criminals Before the Nuernberg Military
Tribunals Under Council Control Law No. 10, p. 1132
(1952) ("Where private individuals, including juristic
persons, proceed to exploit the military occupancy by
acquiring private property against the will and consent of
10 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the former owner, such action... is in violation of interna­
tional law").3 Similarly, the International Criminal Tri­
bunal for Rwanda found that three nonnatural entities -- a
private radio station, newspaper, and political party -- 
were responsible for genocide. See Prosecutor v. Nahimana,
Case No. ICTR -- 99 -- 52 -- T, Judgment and Sentence ¶953
(Dec. 3, 2003). Most recently, the appeals panel of the
Special Tribunal for Lebanon held that corporations may
be prosecuted for contempt. See Prosecutor v. New TV
S. A. L., Case No. STL -- 14 -- 05/PT/AP/AR126.1, Decision on
Interlocutory Appeal Concerning Personal Jurisdiction in
Contempt Proceedings ¶74 (Oct. 2, 2014).
In addition, various international agreements require
signatory states to impose liability on corporations for
certain conduct.4 Of particular relevance here, the Inter­
national Convention for the Suppression of the Financing
of Terrorism provides: "Any person commits an offence
within the meaning of this Convention if that person by
any means, directly or indirectly, unlawfully and wilfully,
provides or collects funds with the intention that they
should be used or in the knowledge that they are to be
used, in full or in part, in order to carry out" an act of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The Nuremberg Tribunal also was empowered to adjudicate a form

of criminal organizational liability, pursuant to which an individual
member of a convicted organization would face a rebuttable presump­
tion of guilt in a subsequent proceeding. Brief for Nuremberg Scholars
as Amici Curiae 4, 20 -- 21 (declaring three organiza­
tions criminal)). 

4 See, e.g., United Nations Convention Against Transnational Orga­

nized Crime, Art. 10(1), Nov. 15, 2000, T. I. A. S. No. 13127, S. Treaty
Doc. No. 108 -- 16; Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public
Officials in International Business Transactions, Art. 2, Dec. 17, 1997,
2802 U. N. T. S. 230.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

terrorism. Dec. 9, 1999, Art. 2, S. Treaty Doc. No. 106 -- 49,
2178 U. N. T. S. 230. It then requires each signatory
state, "in accordance with its domestic legal principles," to
"take the necessary measures to enable a legal entity
located in its territory or organized under its laws to be
held liable when a person responsible for the management
or control of that legal entity has, in that capacity," violated
the Convention. Id., Art. 5(1). The Convention provides
that "[s]uch liability may be criminal, civil, or administra­
tive," ibid., so long as the penalties, which can include
monetary sanctions, are "effective, proportionate and
dissuasive." Id., Art. 5(3). The United States is a party to
the Convention, along with 131 other states.5
The plurality dismisses the relevance of this Convention
because it does not require states parties to hold corpora­
tions liable in common-law tort actions, but rather permits
them to "fulfill their obligations... by adopting detailed
regulatory regimes governing financial institutions." Ante,
at 16. That critique misses the point. The significance of
the Convention is that the international community
agreed that financing terrorism is unacceptable conduct
and that such conduct violates the Convention when un­
dertaken by corporations. That the Convention leaves up
to each state party how to impose liability on corporations,
e.g., via erecting a regulatory regime, providing for tort
actions, or imposing criminal sanctions, is unremarkable,6
and simply reflects that international law sets out stand­
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing

of Terrorism, online at https://treaties.un.org/doc/Publication/MTDSG/
Volume%20II/Chapter%20XVIII/XVIII-11.en.pdf (all Internet materials
as last visited Apr. 16, 2018).
6 The Genocide Convention also does not specifically require that

states parties recognize tort claims for genocide, but federal courts have
long permitted such actions under the ATS as a matter of federal
common law. See, e.g., Kadic, 70 F. 3d, at 236. The same is true of the
Torture Convention. See, e.g., Filartiga v. Pena-Irala, 630 F. 2d 876,
885 (CA2 1980).
12 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

ards of conduct and leaves it to individual states to deter­
mine how best to enforce those standards.
Finally, a number of states, acting individually, have
imposed criminal and civil liability on corporations for
law-of-nations violations through their domestic legal
systems. See, e.g., New TV S. A. L., Case No. STL -- 14 -- 
05/PT/AP/AR126.1, ¶¶52 -- 55 (listing more than 40 coun­
tries that provide for corporate criminal liability); A. Ra­
masastry & R. Thompson, Commerce, Crime and Conflict:
Legal Remedies for Private Sector Liability for Grave
Breaches of International Law 22 -- 24 (2006), available at
https://www.biicl.org/files/4364_536.pdf (noting that 15 of
16 countries surveyed permit civil claims against corpora­
tions for human rights violations); Brief for Comparative
Law Scholars and Practitioners as Amici Curiae 15 -- 19
(detailing provisions creating corporate civil liability for
international-law violations in England, France, the Neth­
erlands, and Canada).
C
Instead of asking whether there exists a specific, uni­
versal, and obligatory norm of corporate liability under
international law, the relevant inquiry in response to the
question presented here is whether there is any reason -- 
under either international law or our domestic law -- to
distinguish between a corporation and a natural person
who is alleged to have violated the law of nations under
the ATS. As explained above, international law provides
no such reason. See Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 175 (Leval, J.,
concurring in judgment) ("[T]he answer international law
furnishes is that it takes no position on the question").
Nor does domestic law. The text, history, and purpose of
the ATS plainly support the conclusion that corporations
may be held liable.
Beginning "with the language of the statute itself,"
United States v. Ron Pair Enterprises, Inc., Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

241 (1989), two aspects of the text of the ATS make clear
that the statute allows corporate liability. First, the text
confers jurisdiction on federal district courts to hear "civil
action[s]" for "tort[s]." 28 U. S. C.. Where Congress
uses a term of art like tort, "it presumably knows and
adopts the cluster of ideas that were attached to [the]
borrowed word in the body of learning from which it was
taken and the meaning its use will convey to the judicial
mind unless otherwise instructed." Morissette v. United
States, (1952).
Corporations have long been held liable in tort under
the federal common law. See Philadelphia, W., & B. R.
Co. v. Quigley, 21 How. 202, 210 (1859) ("At a very early
period, it was decided in Great Britain, as well as in the
United States, that actions might be maintained against
corporations for torts; and instances may be found, in the
judicial annals of both countries, of suits for torts arising
from the acts of their agents, of nearly every variety");
Chestnut Hill & Spring House Turnpike Co. v. Rutter, 4
Serg. & Rawle 6, 17 (Pa. 1818) ("[F]rom the earliest times
to the present, corporations have been held liable for
torts"). This Court "has assumed that, when Congress
creates a tort action, it legislates against a legal back­
ground of ordinary tort-related... rules and consequently
intends its legislation to incorporate those rules." Meyer v.
Holley, (2003). The presumption, then,
is that, in providing for "tort" liability, the ATS provides
for corporate liability.
Second, whereas the ATS expressly limits the class of
permissible plaintiffs to "alien[s],", it "does not
distinguish among classes of defendants," Argentine Re-
public v. Amerada Hess Shipping Corp., 
(1989). That silence as to defendants cannot be presumed
to be inadvertent. That is because in the same section of
the Judiciary Act of 1789 as what is now the ATS, Con­
gress provided the federal district courts with jurisdiction
14 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

over "all suits against consuls or vice-consuls.", 1 Stat.
76 -- 77. Where Congress wanted to limit the range of
permissible defendants, then, it clearly knew how to do so.
Russello v. United States, (1983) ("[W]here
Congress includes particular language in one section of a
statute but omits it in another section of the same Act, it
is generally presumed that Congress acts intentionally
and purposely in the disparate inclusion or exclusion"
).
Nothing about the historical background against which
the ATS was enacted rebuts the presumption that the
statute incorporated the accepted principle of corporate
liability for tortious conduct. Under the Articles of Con­
federation, the Continental Congress was unable to pro­
vide redress to foreign citizens for violations of treaties or
the law of nations, which threatened to undermine the
United States' relationships with other nations. See
Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 123. The First Congress responded
with, inter alia, the ATS. Although the two incidents that
highlighted the need to provide foreign citizens with a
federal forum in which to pursue their grievances involved
conflicts between natural persons, see ante, at 7 (majority
opinion) (describing the assault by a French adventurer on
the Secretary of the French Legation and the arrest of one
of the Dutch Ambassador's servants by a New York con­
stable), there is "no reason to conclude that the First
Congress was supremely concerned with the risk that
natural persons would cause the United States to be
drawn into foreign entanglements, but was content to
allow formal legal associations of individuals, i.e., corpora­
tions, to do so," Doe v. Exxon Mobil Corp., 654 F. 3d 11, 47
(CADC 2011), vacated on other grounds, 527 Fed. Appx. 7
(CADC 2013); see also Brief for United States as Amicus
Curiae 6 ("The ATS was enacted to ensure a private dam­
ages remedy for incidents with the potential for serious
diplomatic consequences, and Congress had no good rea­
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 15

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

son to limit the set of possible defendants in such actions
to potentially judgment-proof individuals"). Indeed, fore­
closing corporations from liability under the ATS would
have been at odds with the contemporaneous practice of
imposing liability for piracy on ships, juridical entities.
See, e.g., Skinner v. East India Co., 6 State Trials 710, 711
(1666); The Marianna Flora, 11 Wheat. 1, 40 -- 41 (1826);
Harmony v. United States, 2 How. 210, 233 (1844).
Finally, the conclusion that corporations may be held
liable under the ATS for violations of the law of nations is
not of recent vintage. More than a century ago, the Attor­
ney General acknowledged that corporations could be held
liable under the ATS. See 26 Op. Atty. Gen. 250, 252
(1907) (stating that citizens of Mexico could bring a claim
under the ATS against a corporation, the American Rio
Grande Land and Irrigation Company, for violating provi­
sions of a treaty between the United States and Mexico).
D
In his concurrence, JUSTICE GORSUCH urges courts to
exercise restraint in recognizing causes of action under the
ATS. But whether the ATS provides a cause of action for
violations of the norms against genocide, crimes against
humanity, and financing of terrorism is not the question
the parties have asked the Court to decide. I therefore see
no reason why it is necessary to delve into the propriety of
creating new causes of action. Nevertheless, because I
disagree with the premises on which the concurrence
relies, I offer two brief observations.
First, JUSTICE GORSUCH says it "pass[es] understand­
ing" why federal courts have exercised jurisdiction over
ATS claims raised by foreign plaintiffs against foreign
defendants for breaches of international norms. See ante,
at 1 (opinion concurring in part and concurring in judg­
ment). Modern ATS cases, however, are not being litigated
against a blank slate. The Court held in Sosa that Con­
16 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

gress authorized the federal courts to "recognize private
causes of action for certain torts in violation of the law of
nations," 542 U. S., at 724, so long as the underlying norm
had no "less definite content and acceptance among civi­
lized nations than the historical paradigms familiar when
was enacted," id., at 732. That holding was no mere
"suggestion," ante, at 2 (opinion of GORSUCH, J.), as this
Court has made clear. See Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 116 -- 117.
Given that the First Congress authorized suit for viola­
tions based on "the law of nations" and "treat[ies] of the
United States," 28 U. S. C., it is natural to conclude
that Congress intended the district courts to consider new
claims under the law of nations as that law and our Na­
tion's treaty obligations continued to develop. If Congress
intended to limit such cases to violations of safe conduct,
assaults against ambassadors, piracy, and -- as JUSTICE
GORSUCH suggests may have been the case -- " 'personal
injuries that US citizens inflicted upon aliens resulting in
less than $500 in damages,' " ante, at 10 ), it easily could have said
so. Instead, it granted the federal courts jurisdiction over
claims based on "the law of nations," a body of law that
Congress did not understand to be static. See United
States v. The La Jeune Eugenie, 26 F. Cas. 832, 846 (No.
15,551) (CC Mass. 1822) (Story, J.) ("What, therefore, the
law of nations is... may be considered as modified by
practice, or ascertained by the treaties of nations at differ­
ent periods. It does not follow... that because a principle
cannot be found settled by the consent or practice of na­
tions at one time, it is to be concluded, that at no subse­
quent period the principle can be considered as incorpo­
rated into the public code of nations").
The question for courts considering new ATS claims is,
"Who are today's pirates?" Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 129
(BREYER, J., concurring in judgment). Torturers and those
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 17

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

who commit genocide are now fairly viewed, like pirates,
as "common enemies of all mankind." Id., at 131. On remand, the Court of Ap­
peals would decide whether the financiers of terrorism are
the same. The fact that few norms have overcome Sosa's
high hurdle is strong evidence that the carefully consid­
ered standard set forth in that case is generating exactly
the kind of "judicial caution" the Court stressed as neces­
sary. See 542 U. S., at 725.
Second, the concurrence suggests that federal courts
may lack jurisdiction to entertain suits between aliens
based solely on a violation of the law of nations. It con­
tends that ATS suits between aliens fall under neither the
federal courts' diversity jurisdiction nor our federal ques­
tion jurisdiction. The Court was not unaware of this
argument when it decided Sosa. As noted, that case in­
volved an ATS suit brought by a citizen of Mexico against
a citizen of Mexico, and various amici argued that the
Court lacked Article III jurisdiction over such suits. See
Brief for National Foreign Trade Counsel et al. as Amici
Curiae in Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, O. T. 2003, No. 03 -- 
339, pp. 24 -- 25; see also Brief for Washington Legal Foun­
dation et al. as Amici Curiae in No. 03 -- 339, pp. 14 -- 21.
The Court nonetheless proceeded to decide the case, which
it could not have done had it been concerned about its
Article III power to do so. See Arbaugh v. Y & H Corp.,
(2006). That decision forecloses the
argument the concurrence now makes, as Sosa authorized
courts to "recognize private claims under federal common
law for violations of " certain international law norms.
542 U. S., at 732 ; see also id., at 729 -- 
730 (explaining that, post-Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins, (1938), there are "limited enclaves in which federal
courts may derive from substantive law in a common law
way," including the law of nations, and that "it would be
unreasonable to assume that the First Congress would
18 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

have expected federal courts to lose all capacity to recog­
nize enforceable international norms simply because the
common law might lose some metaphysical cachet on the
road to modern realism"); Sarei v. Rio Tinto, 671 F. 3d
736, 749 -- 754 (CA9 2011) (en banc) (discussing Sosa and
concluding that federal courts have Article III jurisdiction
to hear ATS cases between aliens), vacated and remanded,
(2013) (remanding for further consideration
in light of Kiobel).
Sosa was correct as a legal matter. Moreover, our Na­
tion has an interest not only in providing a remedy when
our own citizens commit law of nations violations, but also
in preventing our Nation from serving as a safe harbor
for today's pirates. See Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 133 -- 134
(BREYER, J., concurring in judgment). To that end, Con­
gress has ratified treaties requiring the United States "to
punish or extradite offenders, even when the offense was
not committed... by a national." 1 Restatement,
Reporters' Note 1, at 255 -- 257; see Torture Convention,
Arts. 5, 7; Convention on the Prevention and Punishment
of Crimes Against Internationally Protected Persons,
Including Diplomatic Agents, Art. 3, Dec. 14, 1973, 28
U. S. T. 1975, T. I. A. S. No. 8532; Convention for the
Suppression of Unlawful Acts Against the Safety of Civil
Aviation, Sept. 23, 1971, 24 U. S. T. 565, T. I. A. S. No.
7570; Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Seizure
of Aircraft, Art. 4, Dec. 16, 1970, 22 U. S. T. 1641,
T. I. A. S. No. 7192; Geneva Convention Relative to the
Treatment of Prisoners of War, Art. 129, Aug. 12, 1949, 6
U. S. T. 3316, T. I. A. S. No. 3364. To the extent suits
against foreign defendants may lead to international
friction, that concern is better addressed under the pre­
sumption the Court established in Kiobel against extrater­
ritorial application of the ATS, see 569 U. S., at 124 -- 125,
than it is by relitigating settled precedent.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 19

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

II
At its second step, Sosa cautions that courts should
consider whether permitting a case to proceed is an ap­
propriate exercise of judicial discretion in light of potential
foreign-policy implications. See 542 U. S., at 727 -- 728,
732 -- 733, 738. The plurality only assumes without decid­
ing that international law does not impose liability on
corporations, so it necessarily proceeds to Sosa's second
step. Here, too, its analysis is flawed.
A
Nothing about the corporate form in itself justifies
categorically foreclosing corporate liability in all ATS
actions. Each source of diplomatic friction that respond­
ent Arab Bank and the plurality identify can be addressed
with a tool more tailored to the source of the problem than
a blanket ban on corporate liability.
Arab Bank contends that foreign citizens should not be
able "to sue a Jordanian corporation in New York for
events taking place in the Middle East." Brief for Re­
spondent 42. The heart of that qualm was already ad­
dressed in Kiobel, which held that the presumption
against extraterritoriality applies to the ATS. 569 U. S.,
at 124. Only where the claims "touch and concern the
territory of the United States... with sufficient force" can
the presumption be displaced. Id., at 124 -- 125. "[M]ere
corporate presence" does not suffice. Id., at 125. Thus,
contrary to the majority's contention, "the relatively minor
connection between the terrorist attacks at issue in this
case and the alleged conduct in the United States" does
not "well illustrat[e] the perils of extending the scope of
ATS liability to foreign multinational corporations," ante,
at 25, but merely illustrates the risks of extending the
scope of ATS liability extraterritorially absent sufficient
connection to the United States.
Arab Bank also bemoans the unfairness of being sued
20 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

when others -- namely, the individuals and organizations
that carried out the terrorist attacks -- were "the direct
cause" of the harm petitioners here suffered. Brief for
Respondent 41. That complaint, though, is a critique of
the imposition of liability for financing terrorism, not an
argument that ATS suits against corporations generally
necessarily cause diplomatic tensions.
Arab Bank further expresses concern that ATS suits are
being filed against corporations in an effort to recover for
the bad acts of foreign governments or officials. See id., at
40. But the Bank's explanation of this problem reveals
that the true source of its grievance is the availability of
aiding and abetting liability. See ibid. ("[N]umerous ATS
suits have alleged that a corporation has aided or abetted
bad acts committed by a foreign government and its offi-
cials" (emphasis in original)); id., at 41 ("[A]iding and
abetting suits under the ATS have given plaintiffs 'a clear
means for effectively circumventing' critical limits on
foreign sovereign immunity" ). The plurality
too points to an aiding and abetting case to support its
contention that plaintiffs "use corporations as surrogate
defendants to challenge the conduct of foreign govern­
ments." Ante, at 21 (discussing Kiobel, in which plaintiffs
sought to hold a corporate defendant liable for " 'aiding
and abetting the Nigerian Government in committing' "
law-of-nations violations ). Yet
not all law-of-nations violations asserted against corpora­
tions are premised on aiding and abetting liability; it is
possible for a corporation to violate international-law
norms independent of a foreign state or foreign state
officials. In this respect, too, the Court's rule is ill fitted to
the problem identified.
Notably, even the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan does
not argue that there are foreign-policy tensions inherent
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 21

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

in suing a corporation generally. Instead, Jordan contends
that this particular suit is an affront to its sovereignty
because of its extraterritorial character and because of the
role that Arab Bank specifically plays in the Jordanian
economy. See Brief for Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan as
Amicus Curiae 6 -- 12.7
The majority also cites to instances in which other
foreign sovereigns have "appeared in this Court to note
[their] objections to ATS litigation," ante, at 26, but none
of those objections was about the availability of corporate
liability as a general matter. See Sosa, 542 U. S., at 733,
(noting argument of the European Commission that
"basic principles of international law require that before
asserting a claim in a foreign forum, the claimant must
have exhausted any remedies available in the domestic
legal system, and perhaps in other forums such as inter­
national claims tribunals"); ibid. (noting objections by
South Africa to "several class actions seeking damages
from various corporations alleged to have participated in,
or abetted, the regime of apartheid" on the basis that the
cases "interfere[d] with the policy embodied by its Truth
and Reconciliation Commission"); Brief for Federal Repub­
lic of Germany as Amicus Curiae in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch
Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No. 10 -- 1491, p. 1 ("The Federal
Republic of Germany has consistently maintained its
opposition to overly broad assertions of extraterritorial
civil jurisdiction arising out of aliens' claims against for­
eign defendants for alleged foreign activities that caused
injury on foreign soil"); Brief for Government of the United
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Jordan does argue that corporate liability is unavailable under the

ATS, but that argument is based on its view that there is no universally
recognized international-law norm of corporate liability, see Brief for
Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan as Amicus Curiae 12 -- 15, not a conten­
tion that corporate status alone presents foreign-policy concerns justify­
ing immunity for all corporations in all ATS suits irrespective of
circumstance.
22 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland et al. as
Amici Curiae in No. 10 -- 1491, p. 3 ("The Governments
remain deeply concerned about... suits by foreign plain­
tiffs against foreign defendants for conduct that entirely
took place in the territory of a foreign sovereign").
As the United States urged at oral argument, when
international friction arises, a court should respond with
the doctrine that speaks directly to the friction's source.
See Tr. of Oral. Arg. 28 (acknowledging that "ATS litiga­
tion in recent decades has raised international friction"
and explaining that "the way to deal with that friction is
with a doctrine that speaks directly to the international
entanglement... as those questions arise"). In addition to
the presumption against extraterritoriality, federal courts
have at their disposal a number of tools to address any
foreign-relations concerns that an ATS case may raise.
This Court has held that a federal court may exercise
personal jurisdiction over a foreign corporate defendant
only if the corporation is incorporated in the United
States, has its principal place of business or is otherwise
at home here, or if the activities giving rise to the lawsuit
occurred or had their impact here. See Daimler AG v.
Bauman, (2014). Courts also can dismiss
ATS suits for a plaintiff 's failure to exhaust the remedies
available in her domestic forum, on forum non conveniens
grounds, for reasons of international comity, or when
asked to do so by the State Department. See Kiobel, 569
U. S., at 133 (BREYER, J., concurring in judgment); Sosa,
542 U. S., at 733,.
Several of these doctrines might be implicated in this
case, and I would remand for the Second Circuit to ad­
dress them in the first instance.8 The majority, however,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 For instance, the alleged conduct might not sufficiently touch and

concern the United States to displace the presumption against extra­
territoriality; the prohibition on terrorism financing might not be a
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 23

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

prefers to use a sledgehammer to crack a nut. I see no
need for such an ill-fitting and disproportionate response.
Foreclosing foreign corporate liability in all ATS actions,
irrespective of circumstance or norm, is simply too broad a
response to case-specific concerns that can be addressed
via other means.9
B
1
The Court urges that "[t]he political branches, not the
Judiciary, have the responsibility and institutional capacity
to weigh foreign-policy concerns." Ante, at 19. I agree
that the political branches are well poised to assess the
foreign-policy concerns attending ATS litigation, which is
why I give significant weight to the fact that the Executive
Branch, in briefs signed by the Solicitor General and State
Department Legal Advisor, has twice urged the Court to
reach exactly the opposite conclusion of the one embraced
by the majority. See Brief for United States as Amicus
Curiae 5 ("This Court should vacate the decision below,
which rests on the mistaken premise that a federal common-
law claim under the ATS may never be brought against a
corporation"); Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae in
Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No. 10 -- 
1491, p. 7 ("Courts may recognize corporate liability in
actions under the ATS as a matter of federal common
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
specific, universal, and obligatory norm warranting recognition under
the ATS; and petitioners might not be able to prove the requisite mens
rea. In addition, petitioners have asserted direct, rather than vicarious,
liability against respondent. A suit based on only vicarious liability
may raise different questions not presented here.
9 The majority's overly blunt rule is also unlikely to resolve any foreign-

relations concerns at play in this case. Arab Bank is still being sued
under the Antiterrorism Act of 1990 for the exact same conduct as
alleged here. It is also hard to imagine that Jordan would have been
perfectly content to see the CEO of Arab Bank and high-level officials
at the New York branch sued under the ATS.
24 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

law.... Sosa's cautionary admonitions provide no reason
to depart from the common law on this issue"). At oral
argument in this case, the United States told the Court
that it saw no "sound reason to categorically exclude
corporate liability." Tr. of Oral Arg. 29. It explained that
another country would hold the United States accountable
for not providing a remedy against a corporate defendant
in a "classic" ATS case, such as one involving a "foreign
officia[l] injured in the United States," id., at 32 -- 33, and
suggested that foreclosing the ability to recover from a
corporation actually would raise "the possibility of fric­
tion," id., at 33. Notably, the Government's position that
categorically barring corporate liability under the ATS is
wrong has been consistent across two administrations led
by Presidents of different political parties.
Likewise, when Members of Congress have weighed in
on the question whether corporations can be proper de­
fendants in an ATS suit, it has been to advise the Court
against the rule it now adopts. See Brief for Sen. Sheldon
Whitehouse et al. as Amici Curiae 7 -- 11; Brief for Former
Sen. Arlen Specter et al. as Amici Curiae in Kiobel v.
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No. 10 -- 1491,
pp. 17 -- 18. Congress has also never seen it necessary to
immunize corporations from ATS liability even though
corporations have been named as defendants in ATS suits
for years. See Monessen Southwestern R. Co. v. Morgan,
(1988) ("Congress' failure to disturb
a consistent judicial interpretation of a statute may pro­
vide some indication that 'Congress at least acquiesces in,
and apparently affirms, that [interpretation]' " )).
Given the deference to the political branches that Sosa
encourages, I find it puzzling that the Court so eagerly
departs from the express assessment of the Executive
Branch and Members of Congress that corporations can be
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 25

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

defendants in ATS actions.
2
The plurality instead purports to defer to Congress by
relying heavily on the Torture Victim Protection Act of
1991 (TVPA), 106 Stat. 73, note following 28 U. S. C., to support its categorical bar. See ante, at 20. The
TVPA makes available to all individuals, not just foreign
citizens, a civil cause of action for torture and extrajudicial
killing that may be brought against natural persons. See
Mohamad v. Palestinian Authority, -- 
452, 454 (2012). The plurality extrapolates from Congress'
decision regarding the scope of liability under the TVPA a
rule that it contends should govern all ATS suits. See
ante, at 20. But there is no reason to think that because
Congress saw fit to permit suits only against natural
persons for two specific law-of-nations violations, Congress
meant to foreclose corporate liability for all law-of-nations
violations. The plurality's contrary conclusion ignores the
critical textual differences between the ATS and TVPA, as
well as the TVPA's legislative history, which emphasizes
Congress' intent to leave the ATS undisturbed.
On its face, the TVPA is different from the ATS in sev­
eral significant ways: It is focused on only two law-of­
nations violations, torture and extrajudicial killing; it
makes a cause of action available to all individuals, not
just foreign citizens; and it uses the word "individual" to
delineate who may be liable. See 28 U. S. C. note.
The ATS, by contrast, is concerned with all law-of-nations
violations generally, makes a cause of action available
only to foreign citizens, and is silent as to who may be
liable. Because of the textual differences between the two
statutes, the Court unanimously concluded in Mohamad
that the ATS "offers no comparative value" in ascertaining
the scope of liability under the TVPA. 566 U. S., at 458.
It makes little sense, then, to conclude that the TVPA has
26 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

dispositive comparative value in discerning the scope of
liability under the ATS.
Furthermore, Congress repeatedly emphasized in the
House and Senate Reports on the TVPA that the statute
was meant to supplement the ATS, not replace or cabin it.
See H. R. Rep. No. 102 -- 367, pt. 1, p. 3 (1991) ("Section
1350 has other important uses and should not be replaced.
There should also, however, be a clear and specific rem­
edy, not limited to aliens, for torture and extrajudicial
killing"); id., at 4 ("The TVPA... would also enhance the
remedy already available under section 1350 in an im­
portant respect: While the [ATS] provides a remedy to
aliens only, the TVPA would extend a civil remedy also to
U. S. citizens who may have been tortured abroad"); ibid.
("[C]laims based on torture or summary executions do not
exhaust the list of actions that may appropriately be
covered b[y] section 1350. That statute should remain
intact to permit suits based on other norms that already
exist or may ripen in the future into rules of customary
international law"); S. Rep. No. 102 -- 249, pp. 4 -- 5 (1991);
see also Sosa, 542 U. S., at 731 (explaining that the TVPA
"supplement[ed] the judicial determination" in Filartiga).
Lacking any affirmative evidence that Congress' deci­
sion to limit liability under the TVPA to natural persons
indicates a legislative judgment about the proper scope of
liability in all ATS suits, the plurality focuses its efforts on
dismissing petitioners' argument that Congress limited
TVPA liability to natural persons to harmonize the statute
with the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976
(FSIA), which generally immunizes foreign states from
suit. See ante, at 21.10 Contrary to the plurality's conten­
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 The TVPA requires state action to trigger liability. See 28 U. S. C.

note (imposing liability on "[a]n individual who, under actual or
apparent authority, or color of law, of any foreign nation" subjects an
individual to torture or extrajudicial killing). Absent a limitation on
suits against states and state entities, the TVPA arguably would have
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 27

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

tion, however, this Court did not reject petitioners' account
of the TVPA's legislative history in Mohamad. In fact,
that decision agreed that the legislative history "clarifi[es]
that the Act does not encompass liability against foreign
states." 566 U. S., at 459. What Mohamad rejected was
the argument that because the TVPA forecloses liability
against foreign states, it necessarily permits liability
against corporations. In concluding that the TVPA
encompasses only natural persons, Mohamad took no
position on why Congress excluded organizations from its
reach.11
To infer from the TVPA that no corporation may ever
be held liable under the ATS for any violation of any
international-law norm, moreover, ignores that Congress
has elsewhere imposed liability on corporations for conduct
prohibited by customary international law. For instance,
the Antiterrorism Act of 1990 (ATA) created a civil cause
of action for U. S. nationals injured by an act of interna­
tional terrorism and expressly provides for corporate
liability. 18 U. S. C.. That Congress foreclosed
corporate liability for torture and extrajudicial killing
claims under the TVPA but permitted corporate liability
for terrorism-related claims under the ATA is strong
evidence that Congress exercises its judgment as to the
appropriateness of corporate liability on a norm-by-norm
basis, and that courts should do the same when consider­
ing whether to permit causes of action against corpora­

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
been in conflict with the FSIA.
11 Petitioners may be right that Congress limited liability under the

TVPA to natural persons to harmonize the statute with the FSIA. That
Congress thought it necessary to achieve that goal by foreclosing
liability against all organizational defendants, not just those operating
under the authority of a foreign government, might indicate that
Congress thought such line drawing would be difficult, or that an
expansive approach was the cleanest way to avoid the statute becoming
a backdoor to suits against foreign governments.
28 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

tions for law-of-nations violations under the ATS.
The plurality dismisses the ATA as "an inapt analogy"
because the ATA "provides a cause of action only to 'na­
tional[s] of the United States,' " whereas the ATS "provides
a remedy for foreign nationals only." Ante, at 22 ). But if encompassing different
groups of plaintiffs is what makes two statutes poor com­
parators for each other, the TVPA, too, is an inapt analogy,
for it permits suits by all individuals, U. S. and foreign
nationals alike.
The plurality also posits that the ATA "suggests that
there should be no common-law action under the ATS for
allegations like petitioners'," ante, at 22, because permit­
ting such suits would allow foreign plaintiffs to "bypass
Congress' express limitations on liability under the [ATA]
simply by bringing an ATS lawsuit," ibid. Yet an ATS suit
alleging terrorism-related conduct does not "bypass" or
"displace" any "statutory and regulatory structure," ibid.,
any more than an ATA suit does. As this case demon­
strates, U. S. nationals and foreign citizens may bring
ATA and ATS suits in the same court, at the same time,
for the same underlying conduct. To the extent the plural­
ity is suggesting that Congress, in enacting the ATA,
meant to foreclose ATS suits based on terrorism financing,
the plurality offers no evidence to support that hypothesis,
and the legislative history suggests that Congress enacted
the ATA to provide U. S. citizens with the same remedy
already available to foreign citizens under the ATS. See
Hearing on S. 2465 before the Subcommittee on Courts
and Administrative Practice of the Senate Committee on
the Judiciary, 101st Cong., 1st Sess., 90 (1990) (testimony
of Joseph A. Morris) (noting that ATS actions for terrorism
"would be preserved").
At bottom, the ATS and TVPA are related but distinct
statutes that coexist independently. There is no basis to
conclude that the considered judgment Congress made
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 29

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

about who should be liable under the TVPA for torture
and extrajudicial killing should restrict who can be held
liable under the ATS for other law-of-nations violations,
particularly where Congress made a different judgment
about the scope of liability under the ATA for terrorism.
C
Finally, the plurality offers a set of "[o]ther considera­
tions relevant to the exercise of judicial discretion" that it
concludes "counsel against allowing liability under the
ATS for foreign corporations." Ante, at 23. None is
persuasive.
First, the plurality asserts that "[i]t has not been shown
that corporate liability under the ATS is essential to serve
the goals of the statute" because "the ATS will seldom be
the only way for plaintiffs to hold the perpetrators liable,"
and because "plaintiffs still can sue the individual corpo­
rate employees responsible for a violation of international
law under the ATS." Ibid. This Court has never previously
required that, to maintain an ATS action, a plaintiff must
show that the ATS is the exclusive means by which to hold
the alleged perpetrator liable and that no relief can be had
from other parties. Such requirements extend far beyond
the inquiry Sosa contemplated and are without any basis
in the statutory text.
Moreover, even if there are other grounds on which a
suit alleging conduct constituting a law-of-nations viola­
tion can be brought, such as a state-law tort claim, the
First Congress created the ATS because it wanted foreign
plaintiffs to be able to bring their claims in federal court
and sue for law-of-nations violations. A suit for state-law
battery, even if based on the same alleged conduct, is not
the equivalent of a federal suit for torture; the latter con­
tributes to the uptake of international human rights
30 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

norms, and the former does not.12
Furthermore, holding corporations accountable for
violating the human rights of foreign citizens when those
violations touch and concern the United States may well
be necessary to avoid the international tension with which
the First Congress was concerned. Consider again the
assault on the Secretary of the French Legation in Phila­
delphia by a French adventurer. See supra, at 14; ante, at
7 (majority opinion). Would the diplomatic strife that
followed really have been any less charged if a corporation
had sent its agent to accost the Secretary? Or, consider
piracy. If a corporation owned a fleet of vessels and di­
rected them to seize other ships in U. S. waters, there no
doubt would be calls to hold the corporation to account.
See Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 156, and (observing that
"Somali pirates essentially operate as limited partner­
ships"). Finally, take, for example, a corporation posing as
a job-placement agency that actually traffics in persons,
forcibly transporting foreign nationals to the United
States for exploitation and profiting from their abuse. Not
only are the individual employees of that business less
likely to be able fully to compensate successful ATS plain­
tiffs, but holding only individual employees liable does not
impose accountability for the institution-wide disregard
for human rights. Absent a corporate sanction, that harm
will persist unremedied. Immunizing the corporation from
suit under the ATS merely because it is a corporation,
even though the violations stemmed directly from corpo­
rate policy and practice, might cause serious diplomatic
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 Counsel for Arab Bank acknowledged the symbolic force of ATS

liability at oral argument. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 60 ("[T]he idea of the
ATS is... not just that you violated a statute, but that you have
violated some specific universal obligatory norm so you are essentially
an enemy of mankind. So, as much as my clients would not like to be
an ATA defendant, they would really, really, really not like to be...
labeled an enemy of mankind").
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 31

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

friction.13
Second, the plurality expresses concern that if foreign
corporations are subject to liability under the ATS, other
nations could hale American corporations into court and
subject them "to an immediate, constant risk of claims
seeking to impose massive liability for the alleged conduct
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 JUSTICE ALITO, adopting a more absolutist position than the plurality,
asserts without qualification that "federal courts should not create
causes of action under the ATS against foreign corporate defendants"
because doing so "would precipitate... diplomatic strife." Ante, at 1, 4
(opinion concurring in part and concurring in judgment). The conclu­
sion that ATS suits against foreign corporate defendants for law-of­
nations and treaty violations always will cause diplomatic friction, and
that such suits will never be necessary "to help the United States avoid
diplomatic friction," ante, at 4, however, is at odds with the considered
judgment of the Executive Branch and Congress regarding the im­
portance of holding foreign corporations to account for certain egregious
conduct. As noted, see Part II -- B -- 1, supra, the Executive Branch has
twice urged the Court not to foreclose the ability of foreign nationals to
sue foreign corporate defendants under the ATS. The United States
also has ratified several international agreements that require it to
impose liability on corporations, both foreign and domestic, for certain
actions, including the financing of terrorism. See supra, at 10 -- 11.
Congress, too, has expressly authorized civil suits against corporations
for acts related to terrorism. See 18 U. S. C.. The Executive
Branch and Congress surely would not have taken these positions,
entered into these obligations, or made available these causes of action
if the result were intolerable diplomatic strife.
JUSTICE ALITO also faults the lack of "real-world examples" of in­
stances in which diplomatic friction has resulted from a court's refusal
to permit an individual to bring an ATS suit against a foreign corpora­
tion solely because of the defendant's status as a foreign juridical
entity. Ante, at 6. Such refusals, though, have been rare, as no other
Court of Appeals besides the Second Circuit that has considered the
question has imposed a bar on corporate liability. Compare Doe v.
Drummond Co., 782 F. 3d 576, 584 (CA11 2015); Doe I v. Nestle USA,
Inc., 766 F. 3d 1013, 1022 (CA9 2014); Doe v. Exxon Mobil Corp., 654
F. 3d 11, 39 -- 57 (CADC 2011), vacated on other grounds, 527 Fed. Appx.
7 (CADC 2013); Flomo v. Firestone Nat. Rubber Co., 643 F. 3d 1013,
1017 -- 1021 (CA7 2011), with Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum, 621 F. 3d
111, 120 (CA2 2010).
32 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

of their employees and subsidiaries around the world," a
prospect that will deter American corporations from in­
vesting in developing economies. Ante, at 24. The plurality
offers no empirical evidence to support these alarmist
conjectures, which is especially telling given that plaintiffs
have been filing ATS suits against foreign corporations in
United States courts for years. It does cite to an amicus
brief for the United States in American Isuzu Motors, Inc.
v. Ntsebeza, see ante, at 24, but that case was concerned
with the availability of civil aiding and abetting liability,
not corporate liability generally, and the United States
never contended that permitting corporate liability under
the ATS would undermine global investment. Instead, it
argued that permitting extraterritorial aiding and abet­
ting cases would interfere with foreign relations and deter
"the free flow of trade and investment." See Brief for
United States as Amicus Curiae, O. T. 2007, No. 07 -- 919,
pp. 12 -- 16, 20. Driven by hypothetical worry about
besieged American corporations, today's decision needlessly
goes much further, encompassing all ATS suits against all
foreign corporations, not just those cases with extraterri­
torial dimensions premised on an aiding and abetting
theory.
* * *
In sum, international law establishes what conduct
violates the law of nations, and specifies whether, to con­
stitute a law-of-nations violation, the alleged conduct must
be undertaken by a particular type of actor. But it is
federal common law that determines whether corporations
may, as a general matter, be held liable in tort for law-of­
nations violations. Applying that framework here, I would
hold that the ATS does not categorically foreclose corpo­
rate liability. Tort actions against corporations have long
been available under federal common law. Whatever the
majority might think of the value of modern-day ATS
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 33

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

litigation, it has identified nothing to support its conclu­
sion that "foreign corporate defendants create unique
problems" that necessitate a categorical rule barring all
foreign corporate liability. Ante, at 26.
Absent any reason to believe that the corporate form in
itself raises serious foreign-policy concerns, and given the
repeated urging from the Executive Branch and Members
of Congress that the Court need not and should not fore­
close corporate liability, I would reverse the decision of the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and remand for
further proceedings, including whether the allegations
here sufficiently touch and concern the United States, see
Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 124 -- 125, and whether the international-
law norms alleged to have been violated by Arab Bank -- 
the prohibitions on genocide, crimes against humanity,
and financing of terrorism -- are of sufficiently definite
content and universal acceptance to give rise to a cause of
action under the ATS.
III
In categorically barring all suits against foreign corpora­
tions under the ATS, the Court ensures that foreign corpo­
rations -- entities capable of wrongdoing under our domes­
tic law -- remain immune from liability for human rights
abuses, however egregious they may be.
Corporations can be and often are a force for innovation
and growth. Many of their contributions to society should
be celebrated. But the unique power that corporations
wield can be used both for good and for bad. Just as cor­
porations can increase the capacity for production, so, too,
some can increase the capacity for suffering. Consider the
genocide that took upwards of 800,000 lives in Rwanda in
1994, which was fueled by incendiary rhetoric delivered
via a private radio station, the Radio Télévision Libre des
Mille Collines (RTLM). Men spoke the hateful words, but
34 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the RTLM made their widespread influence possible.14
There can be, and sometimes is, a profit motive for these
types of abuses. Although the market does not price all
externalities, the law does. We recognize as much when
we permit a civil suit to proceed against a paint company
that long knew its product contained lead yet continued to
sell it to families, or against an oil company that failed to
undertake the requisite safety checks on a pipeline that
subsequently burst. There is no reason why a different
approach should obtain in the human rights context.
Immunizing corporations that violate human rights
from liability under the ATS undermines the system of
accountability for law-of-nations violations that the First
Congress endeavored to impose. It allows these entities to
take advantage of the significant benefits of the corporate
form and enjoy fundamental rights, see, e.g., Citizens
United v. Federal Election Comm'n, (2010);
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc., 573 U. S. ___ (2014),
without having to shoulder attendant fundamental
responsibilities.
I respectfully dissent.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 See, e.g., Nahimana v. Prosecutor, Case No. ICTR 99 -- 52 -- A, Ap­
peals Judgment ¶176 (Nov. 28, 2007) (upholding finding that the RTLM
Collines broadcasts "contributed substantially to the killing of Tutsi");
G. Prunier, The Rwanda Crisis: History of a Genocide 224 (2d ed. 1999)
(detailing incitements to murder broadcast on the RTLM, including:
" 'The graves are not yet full. Who is going to do the good work and
help us fill them completely' "); Yanagizawa-Drott, Propaganda and
Conflict: Evidence From the Rwandan Genocide, 129 Q. J. Econ. 1947,
1950 (2014) (analyzing village-level data from Rwanda to estimate that
the RTLM's transmissions caused 10 percent of the total participation
in the genocide).

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to
Parts I, II -- B -- 1, and II -- C, concluding that foreign corporations may
not be defendants in suits brought under the ATS. Pp. 6 -- 11, 18 -- 19,
and 25 -- 27.
(a) The Judiciary Act of 1789 included what is now known as the
ATS, which provides: "The district courts shall have original jurisdic-
tion of any civil action by an alien for a tort only, committed in viola-
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Syllabus

tion of the law of nations or a treaty of the United States." 28
U. S. C.. The ATS is "strictly jurisdictional" and does not by its
own terms provide or delineate the definition of a cause of action for
international-law violations. Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, -- 714. It was enacted against the backdrop of the general common
law, which in 1789 recognized a limited category of "torts in violation
of the law of nations," id., at 714; and one of its principal objectives
was to avoid foreign entanglements by ensuring the availability of a
federal forum where the failure to have one might cause another na-
tion to hold the United States responsible for an injury to a foreign
citizen, see id., at 715 -- 719. The ATS was invoked but a few times
over its first 190 years, but with the evolving recognition -- e.g., in the
Nuremberg trials -- that certain crimes against humanity violate
basic precepts of international law, courts began to give some redress
for violations of clear and unambiguous international human-rights
protections. After the Second Circuit first permitted plaintiffs to
bring ATS actions based on modern human-rights laws, Congress en-
acted the Torture Victim Protection Act of 1991 (TVPA), creating an
express cause of action for victims of torture and extrajudicial killing
in violation of international law. ATS suits became more frequent;
and modern ATS litigation has the potential to involve groups of for-
eign plaintiffs suing foreign corporations in the United States for al-
leged human-rights violations in other nations. In Sosa, the Court
held that in certain narrow circumstances courts may recognize a
common-law cause of action for claims based on the present-day law
of nations, 542 U. S., at 732, but it explicitly held that ATS litigation
implicates serious separation-of-powers and foreign-relations con-
cerns, id., at 727 -- 728. The Court subsequently held in Kiobel that
"the presumption against extraterritoriality applies to [ATS] claims,"
569 U. S., at 124, and that even claims that "touch and concern the
territory of the United States... must do so with sufficient force to
displace" that presumption, id., at 124 -- 125. Pp. 6 -- 11.
(b) Sosa is consistent with this Court's general reluctance to extend
judicially created private rights of action. Recent precedents cast
doubt on courts' authority to extend or create private causes of action,
even in the realm of domestic law, rather than leaving such decisions
to the Legislature, which is better positioned "to consider if the public
interest would be served by imposing a new substantive legal liabil-
ity," Ziglar v. Abbasi, 582 U. S. ___, ___. This caution extends to the question whether the courts
should exercise the judicial authority to mandate a rule imposing lia-
bility upon artificial entities like corporations. Thus, in Correctional
Services Corp. v. Malesko, the Court concluded that
Congress, not the courts, should decide whether corporate defendants
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Syllabus

could be held liable in actions under Bivens v. Six Unknown Fed.
Narcotics Agents,.
Neither the language of the ATS nor precedent supports an excep-
tion to these general principles in this context. Separation-of-powers
concerns that counsel against courts creating private rights of action
apply with particular force in the context of the ATS, which impli-
cates foreign-policy concerns that are the province of the political
branches. And courts must exercise "great caution" before recogniz-
ing new forms of liability under the ATS. Sosa, supra, at 728. The
question whether a proper application of Sosa would preclude courts
from ever recognizing new ATS causes of action need not be decided
here, for either way it would be inappropriate for courts to extend
ATS liability to foreign corporations absent further action from Con-
gress. Pp. 18 -- 19.
(c) The ATS was intended to promote harmony in international re-
lations by ensuring foreign plaintiffs a remedy for international-law
violations when the absence of such a remedy might provoke foreign
nations to hold the United States accountable. But here, and in simi-
lar cases, the opposite is occurring. Petitioners are foreign nationals
seeking millions of dollars in damages from a major Jordanian finan-
cial institution for injuries suffered in attacks by foreign terrorists in
the Middle East. The only alleged connections to the United States
are the CHIPS transactions in Arab Bank's New York branch and a
brief allegation about a charity in Texas. At a minimum, the rela-
tively minor connection between the terrorist attacks and the alleged
conduct in the United States illustrates the perils of extending the
scope of ATS liability to foreign multinational corporations like Arab
Bank.
For 13 years, this litigation has caused considerable diplomatic
tensions with Jordan, a critical ally that considers the litigation an
affront to its sovereignty. And this is not the first time that a foreign
sovereign has raised objections to ATS litigation in this Court. See
Sosa, supra, at 733,. These are the very foreign-relations ten-
sions the First Congress sought to avoid.
Nor are the courts well suited to make the required policy judg-
ments implicated by foreign corporate liability. Like the presumption
against extraterritoriality, judicial caution under Sosa "guards
against our courts triggering... serious foreign policy consequences,
and instead defers such decisions, quite appropriately, to the political
branches." Kiobel, supra, at 124. Accordingly, the Court holds that
foreign corporations may not be defendants in suits brought under
the ATS. Pp. 25 -- 27.
JUSTICE KENNEDY, joined by THE CHIEF JUSTICE and JUSTICE THOM-
AS, concluded in Parts II -- A, II -- B -- 2, II -- B -- 3, and III:
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Syllabus

(a) Before recognizing an ATS common-law action, federal courts
must apply the two-part test announced in Sosa. The threshold
question is whether a plaintiff can demonstrate that the alleged vio-
lation is " 'of a norm that is specific, universal, and obligatory.' " 542
U. S., at 732. Assuming that such a norm can control, it must be de-
termined whether allowing the case to proceed under the ATS is a
proper exercise of judicial discretion or whether caution requires the
political branches to grant specific authority before corporate liability
can be imposed. Id., at 732 -- 733, and nn. 20 -- 21. With regard to the
first Sosa question, the Court need not resolve whether corporate lia-
bility is a question governed by international law or whether that law
imposes liability on corporations, because, as shown by the parties'
opposing arguments, there is at least sufficient doubt on the point to
turn to Sosa's second question: whether the Judiciary must defer to
Congress to determine in the first instance whether that universal
norm has been recognized and, if so, whether it should be enforced in
ATS suits. Pp. 11 -- 18.
(b) Especially here, in the realm of international law, it is im-
portant to look to analogous statutes for guidance on the appropriate
boundaries of judge-made causes of action. The logical statutory
analogy for an ATS common-law action is the TVPA -- the only ATS
cause of action created by Congress rather than the courts. Drafted
as "an unambiguous and modern basis for [an ATS] cause of action,"
H. R. Rep. No. 102 -- 367, p. 3, the TVPA reflects Congress' considered
judgment of the proper structure for such an action. Absent a com-
pelling justification, courts should not deviate from that model. Rel-
evant here, the TVPA limits liability to "individuals," a term which
unambiguously limits liability to natural persons, Mohamad v. Pales-
tinian Authority, -- 456. Congress' decision to ex-
clude liability for corporations in TVPA actions is all but dispositive
in this case. Pp. 19 -- 23.
(c) Other considerations relevant to the exercise of judicial discre-
tion also counsel against allowing liability under the ATS for foreign
corporations, absent congressional instructions. Corporate liability
under the ATS has not been shown to be essential to serving that
statute's goals, the ATS will seldom be the only way for plaintiffs to
hold the perpetrators liable, and plaintiffs still can sue the individual
corporate employees responsible for a violation of international law
under the ATS. That the corporate form can be an instrument for in-
flicting grave harm and suffering poses serious and complex ques-
tions for the international community and for Congress. And this
complexity makes it all the more important that Congress determine
whether victims of human-rights abuses may sue foreign corpora-
tions in federal court. Pp. 23 -- 25.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Syllabus

(d) In making its determination, Congress might decide that viola-
tions of international law do, or should, impose that liability to en-
sure that corporations make every effort to deter human-rights viola-
tions, and so that compensation for injured persons will be a cost of
doing business. Or Congress could conclude that neutral judicial
safeguards may not be ensured in every country and that, as a recip-
rocal matter, ATS liability for foreign corporations should be subject
to some limitations or preconditions. Finally, Congress might find
that corporate liability should be limited to cases where a corpora-
tion's management was actively complicit in the crime. Pp. 27 -- 29.
JUSTICE ALITO concluded that the outcome in this case is justified
not only by "judicial caution" but also by the separation of powers.
Assuming that Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, correctly held
that federal courts, exercising their authority in limited circumstanc-
es to make federal common law, may create causes of action under
the ATS, this Court should not create such causes of action against
foreign corporate defendants. The objective for courts in any case re-
quiring the creation of federal common law must be "to find the rule
that will best effectuate the federal policy." Textile Workers v. Lin-
coln Mills of Ala.,. The First Congress enacted the
ATS to help the United States avoid diplomatic friction. Putting that
objective together with the rules governing federal common law gen-
erally, the following principle emerges: Federal courts should decline
to create federal common law causes of action whenever doing so
would not materially advance the ATS's objective of avoiding diplo-
matic strife. Applying that principle here, it is clear that courts
should not create causes of action under the ATS against foreign cor-
porate defendants. Customary international law does not generally
require corporate liability, so declining to create it under the ATS
cannot give other nations just cause for complaint against the United
States. To the contrary, creating causes of action against foreign cor-
porations under the ATS may instead provoke exactly the sort of dip-
lomatic strife inimical to the statute's fundamental purpose. Pp. 1 -- 7.
JUSTICE GORSUCH concluded that there are two more fundamental
reasons why this lawsuit should be dismissed. Pp. 1 -- 14.
(a) This Court has suggested that Congress originally enacted the
ATS to afford federal courts jurisdiction to hear tort claims related to
three violations of international law that were already embodied in
English common law: violations of safe conducts extended to aliens,
interference with ambassadors, and piracy. Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain,. Here, the plaintiffs seek much more. They want
the federal courts to recognize a new cause of action, one that did not
exist at the time of the statute's adoption, one that Congress has nev-
er authorized. They find support in a passage suggesting that the
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Syllabus

ATS may afford federal judges "discretion [to] conside[r] [creating]
new cause[s] of action" if they "rest on a norm of international char-
acter accepted by the civilized world and defined with a specificity
comparable to the features of the [three specified] 18th-century"
torts. Id., at 725. This is doubtful, for the people's elected represent-
atives, not judges, make the laws that govern them. But even accept-
ing Sosa's framework, a proper application of that framework would
preclude courts from recognizing any new causes of action under the
ATS. When courts are confronted with a request to fashion a new
cause of action, "separation-of-powers principles are or should be cen-
tral to the analysis." Ziglar v. Abbasi, 582 U. S. ___, ___. The first
and most important question is whether Congress or the courts
should decide, and the right answer "most often will be Congress."
Ibid. There is no reason to make a special exception for the ATS,
which was designed as "a jurisdictional statute creating no new caus-
es of action." Sosa, 542 U. S., at 724. The context in which any Sosa
discretion would be exercised confirms the wisdom of restraint. The
"practical consequences" that might follow a decision to create a new
ATS cause of action, see id., at 732 -- 733, would likely involve ques-
tions of foreign affairs and national security -- matters implicating the
expertise and authority not of the Judiciary but of the political
branches. Pp. 2 -- 5.
(b) Another independent problem is that this suit is by foreigners
against a foreigner over the meaning of international norms. The
original understanding of the ATS, which was but one clause in one
section of the Judiciary Act of 1789, likely would have required a do-
mestic defendant in order to comply with the requirements of the Di-
versity-of-Citizenship Clause of Article III. Precedent interpreting a
neighboring provision of the Judiciary Act confirms that conclusion.
See Mossman v. Higginson, 4 Dall. 12, 14. In any event, separation-
of-powers limits on the judicial function and deference to the political
branches should lead federal courts to require a domestic defendant
before agreeing to exercise any Sosa-generated discretion to entertain
an ATS suit. Pp. 5 -- 14.

KENNEDY, J., announced the judgment of the Court and delivered the
opinion of the Court with respect to Parts I, II -- B -- 1, and II -- C, in which
ROBERTS, C. J., and THOMAS, ALITO, and GORSUCH, JJ., joined, and an
opinion with respect to Parts II -- A, II -- B -- 2, II -- B -- 3, and III, in which
ROBERTS, C. J., and THOMAS, J., joined. THOMAS, J., filed a concurring
opinion. ALITO, J., and GORSUCH, J., filed opinions concurring in part
and concurring in the judgment. SOTOMAYOR, J., filed a dissenting
opinion, in which GINSBURG, BREYER, and KAGAN, JJ., joined.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of the Court

NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the
preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to
notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Wash-
ington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other formal errors, in order
that corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE KENNEDY announced the judgment of the Court
and delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to
Parts I, II -- B -- 1, and II -- C, and an opinion with respect to
Parts II -- A, II -- B -- 2, II -- B -- 3, and III, in which THE CHIEF
JUSTICE and JUSTICE THOMAS join.
Petitioners in this case, or the persons on whose behalf
petitioners now assert claims, allegedly were injured or
killed by terrorist acts committed abroad. Those terrorist
acts, it is contended, were in part caused or facilitated by a
foreign corporation. Petitioners now seek to impose liabil-
ity on the foreign corporation for the conduct of its human
agents, including its then-chairman and other high-
ranking management officials. The suits were filed in a
United States District Court under the Alien Tort Statute,
commonly referred to as the ATS. See 28 U. S. C..
The foreign corporation charged with liability in these
ATS suits is Arab Bank, PLC; and it is respondent here.
Some of Arab Bank's officials, it is alleged, allowed the
Bank to be used to transfer funds to terrorist groups in the
Middle East, which in turn enabled or facilitated criminal
acts of terrorism, causing the deaths or injuries for which
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

petitioners now seek compensation. Petitioners seek to
prove Arab Bank helped the terrorists receive the moneys
in part by means of currency clearances and bank transac-
tions passing through its New York City offices, all by
means of electronic transfers.
It is assumed here that those individuals who inflicted
death or injury by terrorism committed crimes in violation
of well-settled, fundamental precepts of international law,
precepts essential for basic human-rights protections. It is
assumed as well that individuals who knowingly and
purposefully facilitated banking transactions to aid, en-
able, or facilitate the terrorist acts would themselves be
committing crimes under the same international-law
prohibitions.
Petitioners contend that international and domestic
laws impose responsibility and liability on a corporation if
its human agents use the corporation to commit crimes in
violation of international laws that protect human rights.
The question here is whether the Judiciary has the au-
thority, in an ATS action, to make that determination and
then to enforce that liability in ATS suits, all without any
explicit authorization from Congress to do so.
The answer turns upon the proper interpretation and
implementation of the ATS. The statute provides: "The
district courts shall have original jurisdiction of any civil
action by an alien for a tort only, committed in violation of
the law of nations or a treaty of the United States.".
The Court must first ask whether the law of nations im-
poses liability on corporations for human-rights violations
committed by its employees. The Court must also ask
whether it has authority and discretion in an ATS suit to
impose liability on a corporation without a specific direc-
tion from Congress to do so.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of the Court

I

A

Petitioners are plaintiffs in five ATS lawsuits filed
against Arab Bank in the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of New York. The suits were filed
between 2004 and 2010.
A significant majority of the plaintiffs in these law-
suits -- about 6,000 of them -- are foreign nationals whose
claims arise under the ATS. These foreign nationals are
petitioners here. They allege that they or their family
members were injured by terrorist attacks in the Middle
East over a 10-year period. Two of the five lawsuits also
included claims brought by American nationals under the
Anti-Terrorism Act, 18 U. S. C., but those claims
are not at issue.
Arab Bank is a major Jordanian financial institution
with branches throughout the world, including in New
York. According to the Kingdom of Jordan, Arab Bank
"accounts for between one-fifth and one-third of the total
market capitalization of the Amman Stock Exchange."
Brief for Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan as Amicus Curiae
2. Petitioners allege that Arab Bank helped finance at-
tacks by Hamas and other terrorist groups. Among other
claims, petitioners allege that Arab Bank maintained
bank accounts for terrorists and their front groups and
allowed the accounts to be used to pay the families of
suicide bombers.
Most of petitioners' allegations involve conduct that
occurred in the Middle East. Yet petitioners allege as well
that Arab Bank used its New York branch to clear dollar-
denominated transactions through the Clearing House
Interbank Payments System. That elaborate system is
commonly referred to as CHIPS. It is alleged that some of
these CHIPS transactions benefited terrorists.
Foreign banks often use dollar-clearing transactions to
facilitate currency exchanges or to make payments in
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

dollars from one foreign bank account to another. Arab
Bank and certain amici point out that CHIPS transactions
are enormous both in volume and in dollar amounts. The
transactions occur predominantly in the United States but
are used by major banks both in the United States and
abroad. The CHIPS system is used for dollar-denominated
transactions and for transactions where the dollar is used
as an intermediate currency to facilitate a currency ex-
change. Brief for Institute of International Bankers as
Amicus Curiae 12 -- 13, and. In New York each day, on
average, about 440,000 of these transfers occur, in dollar
amounts totaling about $1.5 trillion. Id., at 14. The
"clearance activity is an entirely mechanical function; it
occurs without human intervention in the proverbial 'blink
of an eye.' " Ibid. There seems to be no dispute that the
speed and volume of these transactions are such that
individual supervision is simply not a systemic reality. As
noted below, substantial regulations govern these transac-
tions, both in the United States and in Jordan.
In addition to the dollar-clearing transactions, petition-
ers allege that Arab Bank's New York branch was used to
launder money for the Holy Land Foundation for Relief
and Development (HLF), a Texas-based charity that peti-
tioners say is affiliated with Hamas. According to peti-
tioners, Arab Bank used its New York branch to facilitate
the transfer of funds from HLF to the bank accounts of
terrorist-affiliated charities in the Middle East.
During the pendency of this litigation, there was an
unrelated case that also implicated the issue whether the
ATS is applicable to suits in this country against foreign
corporations. See Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co.,
621 F. 3d 111 (CA2 2010). That suit worked its way
through the trial court and the Court of Appeals for the
Second Circuit. The Kiobel litigation did not involve bank-
ing transactions. Its allegations were that holding compa-
nies incorporated in the Netherlands and the United
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of the Court

Kingdom had, through a Nigerian subsidiary, aided and
abetted the Nigerian Government in human-rights abuses.
Id., at 123. In Kiobel, the Court of Appeals held that the
ATS does not extend to suits against corporations. Id., at
120. This Court granted certiorari in Kiobel. (2011).
After additional briefing and reargument in Kiobel, this
Court held that, given all the circumstances, the suit could
not be maintained under the ATS. Kiobel v. Royal Dutch
Petroleum Co., 124 -- 125 (2013). The
rationale of the holding, however, was not that the ATS
does not extend to suits against foreign corporations. That
question was left unresolved. The Court ruled, instead,
that "all the relevant conduct took place outside the United
States." Id., at 124. Dismissal of the action was required
based on the presumption against extraterritorial applica-
tion of statutes.
So while this Court in Kiobel affirmed the ruling that
the action there could not be maintained, it did not ad-
dress the broader holding of the Court of Appeals that
dismissal was required because corporations may not be
sued under the ATS. Still, the courts of the Second Circuit
deemed that broader holding to be binding precedent. As
a consequence, in the instant case the District Court dis-
missed petitioners' ATS claims based on the earlier Kiobel
holding in the Court of Appeals; and on review of the
dismissal order the Court of Appeals, also adhering to its
earlier holding, affirmed. In re Arab Bank, PLC Alien Tort
Statute Litigation, 808 F. 3d 144 (2015). This Court
granted certiorari in the instant case. 581 U. S. ___
(2017).
Since the Court of Appeals relied on its Kiobel holding in
the instant case, it is instructive to begin with an analysis
of that decision. The majority opinion in Kiobel, written
by Judge Cabranes, held that the ATS does not apply to
alleged international-law violations by a corporation. 621
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

F. 3d, at 120. Judge Cabranes relied in large part on the
fact that international criminal tribunals have consistently
limited their jurisdiction to natural persons. Id., at 132 -- 
137.
Judge Leval filed a separate opinion. He concurred in
the judgment on other grounds but disagreed with the
proposition that the foreign corporation was not subject to
suit under the ATS. Id., at 196. Judge Leval conceded
that "international law, of its own force, imposes no liabili-
ties on corporations or other private juridical entities."
Id., at 186. But he reasoned that corporate liability for
violations of international law is an issue of "civil compen-
satory liability" that international law leaves to individual
nations. Ibid. Later decisions in the Courts of Appeals for
the Seventh, Ninth, and District of Columbia Circuits
agreed with Judge Leval and held that corporations can be
subject to suit under the ATS. See Flomo v. Firestone Nat.
Rubber Co., 643 F. 3d 1013, 1017 -- 1021 (CA7 2011); Doe I
v. Nestle USA, Inc., 766 F. 3d 1013, 1020 -- 1022 (CA9
2014); Doe VIII v. Exxon Mobil Corp., 654 F. 3d 11, 40 -- 55
(CADC 2011), vacated on other grounds, 527 Fed. Appx. 7
(CADC 2013). The respective opinions by Judges
Cabranes and Leval are scholarly and extensive, providing
significant guidance for this Court in the case now before
it.
With this background, it is now proper to turn to the
history of the ATS and the decisions interpreting it.
B
Under the Articles of Confederation, the Continental
Congress lacked authority to " 'cause infractions of trea-
ties, or of the law of nations to be punished.' " Sosa v.
Alvarez-Machain, (2004) ). The Continental Congress urged the
States to authorize suits for damages sustained by foreign
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of the Court

citizens as a result of violations of international law;
but the state courts' vindication of the law of nations
remained unsatisfactory. Concerns with the consequent
international-relations tensions "persisted through the
time of the Constitutional Convention." 542 U. S., at 717.
Under the Articles of Confederation, the inability of the
central government to ensure adequate remedies for for-
eign citizens caused substantial foreign-relations prob-
lems. In 1784, the French Minister lodged a protest with
the Continental Congress after a French adventurer, the
Chevalier de Longchamps, assaulted the Secretary of the
French Legation in Philadelphia. See Kiobel, 569 U. S., at
120. A few years later, a New York constable caused an
international incident when he entered the house of the
Dutch Ambassador and arrested one of his servants. Ibid.
Under the Articles of Confederation, there was no national
forum available to resolve disputes like these under any
binding laws that were or could be enacted or enforced by
a central government.
The Framers addressed these matters at the 1787 Phil-
adelphia Convention; and, as a result, Article III of the
Constitution extends the federal judicial power to "all
cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers and
consuls," and "to controversies... between a state, or the
citizens thereof, and foreign states, citizens, or subjects.". The First Congress passed a statute to implement
these provisions: The Judiciary Act of 1789 authorized
federal jurisdiction over suits involving disputes between
aliens and United States citizens and suits involving
diplomats., 11, 1 Stat. 76 -- 79.
The Judiciary Act also included what is now the statute
known as the ATS., id., at 76. As noted, the ATS is
central to this case and its brief text bears repeating. Its
full text is: "The district courts shall have original jurisdic-
tion of any civil action by an alien for a tort only, commit-
ted in violation of the law of nations or a treaty of the
8 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

United States." 28 U. S. C..
The ATS is "strictly jurisdictional" and does not by its
own terms provide or delineate the definition of a cause of
action for violations of international law. Sosa, 542 U. S.,
at 713 -- 714. But the statute was not enacted to sit on a
shelf awaiting further legislation. Id., at 714. Rather,
Congress enacted it against the backdrop of the general
common law, which in 1789 recognized a limited category
of "torts in violation of the law of nations." Ibid.
In the 18th century, international law primarily gov-
erned relationships between and among nation-states, but
in a few instances it governed individual conduct occurring
outside national borders (for example, "disputes relating to
prizes, to shipwrecks, to hostages, and ransom bills"). Id.,
at 714 -- 715. There
was, furthermore, a narrow domain in which "rules bind-
ing individuals for the benefit of other individuals over-
lapped with" the rules governing the relationships be-
tween nation-states. Id., at 715. As understood by
Blackstone, this domain included "three specific offenses
against the law of nations addressed by the criminal law
of England: violation of safe conducts, infringement of the
rights of ambassadors, and piracy." Ibid. ). "It was this narrow set of violations of the law of
nations, admitting of a judicial remedy and at the same
time threatening serious consequences in international
affairs, that was probably on the minds of the men who
drafted the ATS." 542 U. S., at 715.
This history teaches that Congress drafted the ATS "to
furnish jurisdiction for a relatively modest set of actions
alleging violations of the law of nations." Id., at 720. The
principal objective of the statute, when first enacted, was
to avoid foreign entanglements by ensuring the availabil-
ity of a federal forum where the failure to provide one
might cause another nation to hold the United States
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of the Court

responsible for an injury to a foreign citizen. See id., at
715 -- 719; Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 123 -- 124.
Over the first 190 years or so after its enactment, the
ATS was invoked but a few times. Yet with the evolving
recognition -- for instance, in the Nuremberg trials after
World War II -- that certain acts constituting crimes
against humanity are in violation of basic precepts of
international law, courts began to give some redress for
violations of international human-rights protections that
are clear and unambiguous. In the modern era this began
with the decision of the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit in Filartiga v. Pena-Irala, 630 F. 2d 876 (1980).
In Filartiga, it was alleged that a young man had been
tortured and murdered by Peruvian police officers, and
that an officer named Pena-Irala was one of the supervi-
sors and perpetrators. Some members of the victim's
family were in the United States on visas. When they
discovered that Pena-Irala himself was living in New
York, they filed suit against him. The action, seeking
damages for the suffering and death he allegedly had
caused, was filed in the United States District Court for
the Eastern District of New York. The Court of Appeals
found that there was jurisdiction under the ATS. For this
holding it relied upon the universal acknowledgment that
acts of official torture are contrary to the law of nations.
Id., at 890. This Court did not review that decision.
In the midst of debates in the courts of appeals over
whether the court in Filartiga was correct in holding that
plaintiffs could bring ATS actions based on modern human-
rights laws absent an express cause of action created
by an additional statute, Congress enacted the Torture
Victim Protection Act of 1991 (TVPA), 106 Stat. 73, note
following 28 U. S. C.. H. R. Rep. No. 102 -- 367,
pp. 3 -- 4 (1991) (H. R. Rep.) ); S. Rep. No. 102 -- 
249, pp. 3 -- 5 (1991) (S. Rep.) (same). The TVPA -- which is
10 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

codified as a note following the ATS -- creates an express
cause of action for victims of torture and extrajudicial
killing in violation of international law.
After Filartiga and the TVPA, ATS lawsuits became
more frequent. Modern ATS litigation has the potential to
involve large groups of foreign plaintiffs suing foreign
corporations in the United States for alleged human-rights
violations in other nations. For example, in Kiobel the
plaintiffs were Nigerian nationals who sued Dutch, Brit-
ish, and Nigerian corporations for alleged crimes in Nige-
ria. 569 U. S., at 111 -- 112. The extent and scope of this
litigation in United States courts have resulted in criti-
cism here and abroad. See id., at 124 (noting objections to
ATS litigation by Canada, Germany, Indonesia, Papua
New Guinea, South Africa, Switzerland, and the United
Kingdom).
In Sosa, the Court considered the question whether
courts may recognize new, enforceable international
norms in ATS lawsuits. 542 U. S., at 730 -- 731. The Sosa
Court acknowledged the decisions made in Filartiga and
similar cases; and it held that in certain narrow circum-
stances courts may recognize a common-law cause of
action for claims based on the present-day law of nations,
in addition to the "historical paradigms familiar when
was enacted." 542 U. S., at 732. The Court was
quite explicit, however, in holding that ATS litigation
implicates serious separation-of-powers and foreign-
relations concerns. Id., at 727 -- 728. Thus, ATS claims
must be "subject to vigilant doorkeeping." Id., at 729.
This Court next addressed the ATS in Kiobel, the case
already noted. There, this Court held that "the presump-
tion against extraterritoriality applies to claims under the
ATS, and that nothing in the statute rebuts the presump-
tion." 569 U. S., at 124. The Court added that "even
where the claims touch and concern the territory of the
United States, they must do so with sufficient force to
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

displace the presumption against extraterritorial applica-
tion." Id., at 124 -- 125.
II
With these principles in mind, this Court now must
decide whether common-law liability under the ATS ex-
tends to a foreign corporate defendant. It could be argued,
under the Court's holding in Kiobel, that even if, under
accepted principles of international law and federal com-
mon law, corporations are subject to ATS liability for
human-rights crimes committed by their human agents, in
this case the activities of the defendant corporation and
the alleged actions of its employees have insufficient
connections to the United States to subject it to jurisdic-
tion under the ATS. Various amici urge this as a rationale
to affirm here, while the Government argues that the
Court should remand this case so the Court of Appeals can
address the issue in the first instance. There are substan-
tial arguments on both sides of that question; but it is not
the question on which this Court granted certiorari, nor is
it the question that has divided the Courts of Appeals.
The question whether foreign corporations are subject to
liability under the ATS should be addressed; for, if there is
no liability for Arab Bank, the lengthy and costly litigation
concerning whether corporate contacts like those alleged
here suffice to impose liability would be pointless. In
addition, a remand to the Court of Appeals would require
prolonging litigation that already has caused significant
diplomatic tensions with Jordan for more than a decade.
So it is proper for this Court to decide whether corpora-
tions, or at least foreign corporations, are subject to liabil-
ity in an ATS suit filed in a United States district court.
Before recognizing a common-law action under the ATS,
federal courts must apply the test announced in Sosa. An
initial, threshold question is whether a plaintiff can
demonstrate that the alleged violation is "of a norm that is
12 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

specific, universal, and obligatory." 542 U. S., at 732. And even assuming
that, under international law, there is a specific norm that
can be controlling, it must be determined further whether
allowing this case to proceed under the ATS is a proper
exercise of judicial discretion, or instead whether caution
requires the political branches to grant specific authority
before corporate liability can be imposed. See id., at 732 -- 
733, and nn. 20 -- 21. "[T]he potential implications for the
foreign relations of the United States of recognizing such
causes should make courts particularly wary of impinging
on the discretion of the Legislative and Executive
Branches in managing foreign affairs." Id., at 727.
It must be said that some of the considerations that
pertain to determining whether there is a specific, univer-
sal, and obligatory norm that is established under interna-
tional law are applicable as well in determining whether
deference must be given to the political branches. For
instance, the fact that the charters of some international
tribunals and the provisions of some congressional stat-
utes addressing international human-rights violations are
specifically limited to individual wrongdoers, and thus
foreclose corporate liability, has significant bearing both
on the content of the norm being asserted and the question
whether courts should defer to Congress. The two inquir-
ies inform each other and are, to that extent, not altogether
discrete.
With that introduction, it is proper now to turn first to
the question whether there is an international-law norm
imposing liability on corporations for acts of their employ-
ees that contravene fundamental human rights.
A
Petitioners and Arab Bank disagree as to whether cor-
porate liability is a question of international law or only a
question of judicial authority and discretion under domes-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

tic law. The dispute centers on a footnote in Sosa. In the
course of holding that international norms must be "suffi-
ciently definite to support a cause of action," the Court in
Sosa noted that a "related consideration is whether inter-
national law extends the scope of liability for a violation of
a given norm to the perpetrator being sued, if the defend-
ant is a private actor such as a corporation or individual."
Id., at 732, and.
In the Court of Appeals' decision in Kiobel, the majority
opinion by Judge Cabranes interpreted footnote 20 to
mean that corporate defendants may be held liable under
the ATS only if there is a specific, universal, and obligatory
norm that corporations are liable for violations of interna-
tional law. 621 F. 3d, at 127. In Judge Cabranes' view,
"[i]nternational law is not silent on the question of the
subjects of international law -- that is, those that, to vary-
ing extents, have legal status, personality, rights, and
duties under international law," "[n]or does international
law leave to individual States the responsibility of defin-
ing those subjects." Id., at 126. There is considerable force and weight to the
position articulated by Judge Cabranes. And, assuming
the Court of Appeals was correct that under Sosa corpo-
rate liability is a question of international law, there is an
equally strong argument that petitioners cannot satisfy
the high bar of demonstrating a specific, universal, and
obligatory norm of liability for corporations. Indeed,
Judge Leval agreed with the conclusion that international
law does "not provide for any form of liability of corpora-
tions." Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 186.
1
In modern times, there is no doubt, of course, that "the
international community has come to recognize the com-
mon danger posed by the flagrant disregard of basic hu-
man rights," leading "the nations of the world to recognize
14 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

that respect for fundamental human rights is in their
individual and collective interest." Filartiga, 630 F. 2d, at
890. That principle and commitment support the conclu-
sion that human-rights norms must bind the individual
men and women responsible for committing humanity's
most terrible crimes, not just nation-states in their inter-
actions with one another. "The singular achievement of
international law since the Second World War has come in
the area of human rights," where international law now
imposes duties on individuals as well as nation-states.
Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 118.
It does not follow, however, that current principles of
international law extend liability -- civil or criminal -- for
human-rights violations to corporations or other artificial
entities. This is confirmed by the fact that the charters of
respective international criminal tribunals often exclude
corporations from their jurisdictional reach.
The Charter for the Nuremberg Tribunal, created by the
Allies after World War II, provided that the Tribunal had
jurisdiction over natural persons only. See Agreement for
Prosecution and Punishment of Major War Criminals of
the European Axis, Art. 6, Aug. 8, 1945, 59 Stat. 1547,
E. A. S. 472. Later, a United States Military Tribunal
prosecuted 24 executives of the German corporation IG
Farben. 7 Trials of War Criminals Before the Nuernberg
Military Tribunals Under Control Council Law No. 10,
pp. 11 -- 60 (1952) (The Farben Case). Among other crimes,
Farben's employees had operated a slave-labor camp at
Auschwitz and "knowingly and intentionally manufac-
tured and provided" the poison gas used in the Nazi death
chambers. Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 135. Although the Mili-
tary Tribunal "used the term 'Farben' as descriptive of the
instrumentality of cohesion in the name of which" the
crimes were committed, the Tribunal noted that "corpora-
tions act through individuals." 8 The Farben Case, at
1153. Farben itself was not held liable. See ibid.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 15

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

The jurisdictional reach of more recent international
tribunals also has been limited to "natural persons." See
Statute of the International Criminal Tribunal for the
Former Yugoslavia, S. C. Res. 827 (May 25, 1993), adopt-
ing U. N. Secretary-General Rep. Pursuant to Paragraph 2
of Security Council Resolution 808, Art. 6, U. N. Doc.
S/25704 (May 3, 1993); Statute of the International Tribu-
nal for Rwanda, Art. 5, S. C. Res. 955, Art. 5 (Nov. 8,
1994). The Rome Statute of the International Criminal
Court, for example, limits that tribunal's jurisdiction to
"natural persons." See Rome Statute of the International
Criminal Court, Art. 25(1), July 17, 1998, 2187 U. N. T. S.
90. The drafters of the Rome Statute considered, but
rejected, a proposal to give the International Criminal
Court jurisdiction over corporations. Eser, Individual
Criminal Responsibility, in 1 Rome Statute of the Interna-
tional Criminal Court 767, 778 -- 779 (A. Cassese et al. eds.
2002).
The international community's conscious decision to
limit the authority of these international tribunals to
natural persons counsels against a broad holding that
there is a specific, universal, and obligatory norm of corpo-
rate liability under currently prevailing international law.
2
In light of the sources just discussed, the sources peti-
tioners rely on to support their contention that liability for
corporations is well established as a matter of interna-
tional law lend weak support to their position.
Petitioners first point to the International Convention
for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism. This
Convention imposes an obligation on "Each State Party"
"to enable a legal entity located in its territory or orga-
nized under its laws to be held liable when a person re-
sponsible for the management or control of that legal
entity has, in that capacity," violated the Convention.
16 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

International Convention for the Suppression of the Fi-
nancing of Terrorism, Dec. 9, 1999, S. Treaty Doc. No.
106 -- 49, 2178 U. N. T. S. 232. But by its terms the Con-
vention imposes its obligations only on nation-states "to
enable" corporations to be held liable in certain circum-
stances under domestic law. The United States and other
nations, including Jordan, may fulfill their obligations
under the Convention by adopting detailed regulatory
regimes governing financial institutions. See, e.g., 18
U. S. C. (private right of action under the Anti-
Terrorism Act); 31 U. S. C. et seq. (Bank Secrecy
Act); 31 CFR pt. 595 (2017) (Terrorism Sanctions Regula-
tions); Brief for Central Bank of Jordan as Amicus Curiae
5 (describing Jordan's "comprehensive approach to pre-
venting money laundering and terrorist financing"). The
Convention neither requires nor authorizes courts, with-
out congressional authorization, to displace those detailed
regulatory regimes by allowing common-law actions under
the ATS. And nothing in the Convention's text requires
signatories to hold corporations liable in common-law tort
actions raising claims under international law.
In addition, petitioners and their amici cite a few cases
from other nations and the Special Tribunal for Lebanon
that, according to petitioners, are examples of corporations
being held liable for violations of international law. E.g.,
Brief for Petitioners 50 -- 51. Yet even assuming that these
cases are relevant examples, at most they demonstrate
that corporate liability might be permissible under inter-
national law in some circumstances. That falls far short of
establishing a specific, universal, and obligatory norm of
corporate liability.
It must be remembered that international law is distinct
from domestic law in its domain as well as its objectives.
International human-rights norms prohibit acts repug-
nant to all civilized peoples -- crimes like genocide, torture,
and slavery, that make their perpetrators "enem[ies] of all
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 17

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

mankind." Sosa, 542 U. S., at 732. In the American legal system, of course,
corporations are often subject to liability for the conduct of
their human employees, and so it may seem necessary and
natural that corporate entities are liable for violations of
international law under the ATS. It is true, furthermore,
that the enormity of the offenses that can be committed
against persons in violation of international human-rights
protections can be cited to show that corporations should
be subject to liability for the crimes of their human agents.
But the international community has not yet taken that
step, at least in the specific, universal, and obligatory
manner required by Sosa. Indeed, there is precedent to
the contrary in the statement during the Nuremberg
proceedings that "[c]rimes against international law are
committed by men, not by abstract entities, and only by
punishing individuals who commit such crimes can the
provisions of international law be enforced." The Nurn-
berg Trial, 6 F. R. D. 69, 110 (1946).
Petitioners also contend that international law leaves
questions of remedies open for determination under do-
mestic law. As they see it, corporate liability is a remedial
consideration, not a substantive principle that must be
supported by a universal and obligatory norm if it is to be
implemented under the ATS. According to petitioners,
footnote 20 in Sosa does no more than recognize the dis-
tinction in international law between state and private
actors. But, as just explained, there is a similar distinc-
tion in international law between corporations and natu-
ral persons. And it is far from obvious why the question
whether corporations may be held liable for the interna-
tional crimes of their employees is a mere question of
remedy.
In any event, the Court need not resolve the questions
whether corporate liability is a question that is governed
by international law, or, if so, whether international law
18 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

imposes liability on corporations. There is at least suffi-
cient doubt on the point to turn to Sosa's second ques-
tion -- whether the Judiciary must defer to Congress,
allowing it to determine in the first instance whether that
universal norm has been recognized and, if so, whether it
is prudent and necessary to direct its enforcement in suits
under the ATS.
B
1
Sosa is consistent with this Court's general reluctance
to extend judicially created private rights of action. The
Court's recent precedents cast doubt on the authority of
courts to extend or create private causes of action even in
the realm of domestic law, where this Court has "recently
and repeatedly said that a decision to create a private
right of action is one better left to legislative judgment in
the great majority of cases." 542 U. S., at 727 ;
Alexander v. Sandoval, -- 287 (2001)).
That is because "the Legislature is in the better position to
consider if the public interest would be served by imposing
a new substantive legal liability." Ziglar v. Abbasi, 582
U. S. ___, ___ (2017). Thus, "if there are sound reasons to think
Congress might doubt the efficacy or necessity of a dam-
ages remedy,... courts must refrain from creating the
remedy in order to respect the role of Congress." Id., at
___.
This caution extends to the question whether the courts
should exercise the judicial authority to mandate a rule
that imposes liability upon artificial entities like corpora-
tions. Thus, in Malesko the Court held that corporate
defendants may not be held liable in Bivens actions. See
Bivens v. Six Unknown Fed. Narcotics Agents, (1971). Allowing corporate liability would have been a
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 19

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

"marked extension" of Bivens that was unnecessary to
advance its purpose of holding individual officers respon-
sible for "engaging in unconstitutional wrongdoing."
Malesko, 534 U. S., at 74. Whether corporate defendants
should be subject to suit was "a question for Congress, not
us, to decide." Id., at 72.
Neither the language of the ATS nor the precedents
interpreting it support an exception to these general prin-
ciples in this context. In fact, the separation-of-powers
concerns that counsel against courts creating private
rights of action apply with particular force in the context
of the ATS. See infra, at 25 -- 26. The political branches,
not the Judiciary, have the responsibility and institutional
capacity to weigh foreign-policy concerns. See Kiobel, 569
U. S., at 116 -- 117. That the ATS implicates foreign rela-
tions "is itself a reason for a high bar to new private causes
of action for violating international law." Sosa, supra,
at 727.
In Sosa, the Court emphasized that federal courts must
exercise "great caution" before recognizing new forms of
liability under the ATS. 542 U. S., at 728. In light of the
foreign-policy and separation-of-powers concerns inherent
in ATS litigation, there is an argument that a proper
application of Sosa would preclude courts from ever recog-
nizing any new causes of action under the ATS. But the
Court need not resolve that question in this case. Either
way, absent further action from Congress it would be
inappropriate for courts to extend ATS liability to foreign
corporations.
2
Even in areas less fraught with foreign-policy conse-
quences, the Court looks to analogous statutes for guid-
ance on the appropriate boundaries of judge-made causes
of action. See, e.g., Miles v. Apex Marine Corp., (1990); Blue Chip Stamps v. Manor Drug Stores,
20 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

(1975). Doing so is even more im-
portant in the realm of international law, where "the
general practice has been to look for legislative guidance
before exercising innovative authority over substantive
law." Sosa, supra, at 726.
Here, the logical place to look for a statutory analogy to
an ATS common-law action is the TVPA -- the only cause
of action under the ATS created by Congress rather than
the courts. As explained above, Congress drafted the
TVPA to "establish an unambiguous and modern basis for
a cause of action" under the ATS. H. R. Rep., at 3; S. Rep.,
at 4 -- 5. Congress took care to delineate the TVPA's
boundaries. In doing so, it could weigh the foreign-policy
implications of its rule. Among other things, Congress
specified who may be liable, created an exhaustion re-
quirement, and established a limitations period. Kiobel,
569 U. S., at 117. In Kiobel, the Court recognized that
"[e]ach of these decisions carries with it significant foreign
policy implications." Ibid. The TVPA reflects Congress'
considered judgment of the proper structure for a right of
action under the ATS. Absent a compelling justification,
courts should not deviate from that model.
The key feature of the TVPA for this case is that it
limits liability to "individuals," which, the Court has held,
unambiguously limits liability to natural persons. Mo-
hamad v. Palestinian Authority, -- 456
(2012). Congress' decision to exclude liability for corpora-
tions in actions brought under the TVPA is all but disposi-
tive of the present case. That decision illustrates that
significant foreign-policy implications require the courts to
draw a careful balance in defining the scope of actions
under the ATS. It would be inconsistent with that balance
to create a remedy broader than the one created by Con-
gress. Indeed, it "would be remarkable to take a more
aggressive role in exercising a jurisdiction that remained
largely in shadow for much of the prior two centuries."
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 21

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

Sosa, supra, at 726.
According to petitioners, the TVPA is not a useful
guidepost because Congress limited liability under that
statute to "individuals" out of concern for the sovereign
immunity of foreign governmental entities, not out of
general hesitation about corporate liability under the ATS.
The argument seems to run as follows: The TVPA provides
a right of action to victims of torture and extrajudicial
killing, and under international law those human-rights
violations require state action. For a corporation's em-
ployees to violate these norms therefore would require the
corporation to be an instrumentality of a foreign state or
other sovereign entity. That concern is absent, petitioners
insist, for crimes that lack a state-action requirement -- for
example, genocide, slavery, or, in the present case, the
financing of terrorists.
At least two flaws inhere in this argument. First, in
Mohamad the Court unanimously rejected petitioners'
account of the TVPA's legislative history. 566 U. S., at
453, 458 -- 460. The Court instead read that history to
demonstrate that Congress acted to exclude all corporate
entities, not just the sovereign ones. Id., at 459 -- 460 (cit-
ing Hearing and Markup on H. R. 1417 before the House
Committee on Foreign Affairs and Its Subcommittee on
Human Rights and International Organizations, 100th
Cong., 2d Sess., 87 -- 88 (1988)); see also 566 U. S., at 461 -- 
462 (BREYER, J., concurring). Second, even for international-
law norms that do not require state action, plaintiffs
can still use corporations as surrogate defendants to
challenge the conduct of foreign governments. In Kiobel,
for example, the plaintiffs sought to hold a corporate
defendant liable for "aiding and abetting the Nigerian
Government in committing," among other things, "crimes
against humanity." 569 U. S., at 114; see also, e.g., Sarei
v. Rio Tinto, PLC, 671 F. 3d 736, 761 -- 763 (CA9 2011) (en
banc) (corporate defendant allegedly used Papua New
22 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

Guinea's military to commit genocide), vacated and re-
manded, (2013).
Petitioners contend that, instead of the TVPA, the most
analogous statute here is the Anti-Terrorism Act. That
Act does permit suits against corporate entities. See 18
U. S. C., 2333(d)(2). In fact, in these suits some
of the foreign plaintiffs joined their claims to those of
United States nationals suing Arab Bank under the Anti-
Terrorism Act. But the Anti-Terrorism Act provides a
cause of action only to "national[s] of the United States,"
and their "estate, survivors, or heirs.". In con-
trast, the ATS is available only for claims brought by "an
alien." 28 U. S. C.. A statute that excludes foreign
nationals (with the possible exception of foreign survivors
or heirs) is an inapt analogy for a common-law cause of
action that provides a remedy for foreign nationals only.
To the extent, furthermore, that the Anti-Terrorism Act
is relevant it suggests that there should be no common-
law action under the ATS for allegations like petitioners'.
Otherwise, foreign plaintiffs could bypass Congress' ex-
press limitations on liability under the Anti-Terrorism Act
simply by bringing an ATS lawsuit. The Anti-Terrorism
Act, as mentioned above, is part of a comprehensive statu-
tory and regulatory regime that prohibits terrorism and
terrorism financing. The detailed regulatory structures
prescribed by Congress and the federal agencies charged
with oversight of financial institutions reflect the careful
deliberation of the political branches on when, and how,
banks should be held liable for the financing of terrorism.
It would be inappropriate for courts to displace this con-
sidered statutory and regulatory structure by holding
banks subject to common-law liability in actions filed
under the ATS.
In any event, even if the Anti-Terrorism Act were a
suitable model for an ATS suit, Congress' decision in the
TVPA to limit liability to individuals still demonstrates
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 23

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

that there are two reasonable choices. In this area, that is
dispositive -- Congress, not the Judiciary, must decide
whether to expand the scope of liability under the ATS to
include foreign corporations.
3
Other considerations relevant to the exercise of judicial
discretion also counsel against allowing liability under the
ATS for foreign corporations, absent instructions from
Congress to do so. It has not been shown that corporate
liability under the ATS is essential to serve the goals of
the statute. As to the question of adequate remedies, the
ATS will seldom be the only way for plaintiffs to hold the
perpetrators liable. See, e.g., 18 U. S. C. (criminal
prohibition on genocide); (civil remedy for victims of
slavery). And plaintiffs still can sue the individual corpo-
rate employees responsible for a violation of international
law under the ATS. If the Court were to hold that foreign
corporations have liability for international-law violations,
then plaintiffs may well ignore the human perpetrators
and concentrate instead on multinational corporate
entities.
As explained above, in the context of criminal tribunals
international law itself generally limits liability to natural
persons. Although the Court need not decide whether the
seeming absence of a specific, universal, and obligatory
norm of corporate liability under international law by
itself forecloses petitioners' claims against Arab Bank, or
whether this is an issue governed by international law,
the lack of a clear and well-established international-law
rule is of critical relevance in determining whether courts
should extend ATS liability to foreign corporations without
specific congressional authorization to do so. That is
especially so in light of the TVPA's limitation of liability to
natural persons, which parallels the distinction between
corporations and individuals in international law.
24 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

If, moreover, the Court were to hold that foreign corpo-
rations may be held liable under the ATS, that precedent-
setting principle "would imply that other nations, also
applying the law of nations, could hale our [corporations]
into their courts for alleged violations of the law of na-
tions." Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 124. This judicially mandated
doctrine, in turn, could subject American corporations to
an immediate, constant risk of claims seeking to impose
massive liability for the alleged conduct of their employees
and subsidiaries around the world, all as determined in
foreign courts, thereby "hinder[ing] global investment in
developing economies, where it is most needed." Brief for
United States as Amicus Curiae in American Isuzu Mo-
tors, Inc. v. Ntsebeza, O. T. 2007, No. 07 -- 919, p. 20 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted).
In other words, allowing plaintiffs to sue foreign corpo-
rations under the ATS could establish a precedent that
discourages American corporations from investing abroad,
including in developing economies where the host govern-
ment might have a history of alleged human-rights viola-
tions, or where judicial systems might lack the safeguards
of United States courts. And, in consequence, that often
might deter the active corporate investment that contrib-
utes to the economic development that so often is an es-
sential foundation for human rights.
It is also true, of course, that natural persons can and do
use corporations for sinister purposes, including conduct
that violates international law. That the corporate form
can be an instrument for inflicting grave harm and suffer-
ing poses serious and complex questions both for the in-
ternational community and for Congress. So there are
strong arguments for permitting the victims to seek relief
from corporations themselves. Yet the urgency and com-
plexity of this problem make it all the more important that
Congress determine whether victims of human-rights
abuses may sue foreign corporations in federal courts in
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 25

Opinion of the Court

the United States. Congress, not the Judiciary, is the
branch with "the facilities necessary to make fairly such
an important policy decision where the possibilities of
international discord are so evident and retaliative action
so certain." Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 116. As noted further below, there are many
delicate and important considerations that Congress is in
a better position to examine in determining whether and
how best to impose corporate liability. And, as the TVPA
illustrates, Congress is well aware of the necessity of
clarifying the proper scope of liability under the ATS in a
timely way.
C
The ATS was intended to promote harmony in interna-
tional relations by ensuring foreign plaintiffs a remedy for
international-law violations in circumstances where the
absence of such a remedy might provoke foreign nations to
hold the United States accountable. Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 7. But here, and in similar cases,
the opposite is occurring.
Petitioners are foreign nationals seeking hundreds of
millions of dollars in damages from a major Jordanian
financial institution for injuries suffered in attacks by
foreign terrorists in the Middle East. The only alleged
connections to the United States are the CHIPS transac-
tions in Arab Bank's New York branch and a brief allega-
tion regarding a charity in Texas. The Court of Appeals
did not address, and the Court need not now decide,
whether these allegations are sufficient to "touch and
concern" the United States under Kiobel. See 569 U. S., at
124 -- 125.
At a minimum, the relatively minor connection between
the terrorist attacks at issue in this case and the alleged
conduct in the United States well illustrates the perils of
extending the scope of ATS liability to foreign multina-
26 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of the Court

tional corporations like Arab Bank. For 13 years, this
litigation has "caused significant diplomatic tensions" with
Jordan, a critical ally in one of the world's most sensitive
regions. Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 30.
"Jordan is a key counterterrorism partner, especially in
the global campaign to defeat the Islamic State in Iraq
and Syria." Id., at 31. The United States explains that
Arab Bank itself is "a constructive partner with the
United States in working to prevent terrorist financing." Id.,
at 32. Jordan consid-
ers the instant litigation to be a "grave affront" to its
sovereignty. See Brief for Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan
as Amicus Curiae 3; see ibid. ("By exposing Arab Bank to
massive liability, this suit thus threatens to destabilize
Jordan's economy and undermine its cooperation with the
United States").
This is not the first time, furthermore, that a foreign
sovereign has appeared in this Court to note its objections
to ATS litigation. Sosa, 542 U. S., at 733, (noting
objections by the European Commission and South Africa);
Brief for the Federal Republic of Germany as Amicus
Curiae in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012,
No. 10 -- 1491, p. 1; Brief for the Government of the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the
Kingdom of the Netherlands as Amici Curiae in No. 10 -- 
1491, p. 3. These are the very foreign-relations tensions
the First Congress sought to avoid.
Petitioners insist that whatever the faults of this litiga-
tion -- for example, its tenuous connections to the United
States and the prolonged diplomatic disruptions it has
caused -- the fact that Arab Bank is a foreign corporate
entity, as distinct from a natural person, is not one of
them. That misses the point. As demonstrated by this
litigation, foreign corporate defendants create unique
problems. And courts are not well suited to make the
required policy judgments that are implicated by corporate
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 27

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

liability in cases like this one.
Like the presumption against extraterritoriality, judi-
cial caution under Sosa "guards against our courts trigger-
ing... serious foreign policy consequences, and instead
defers such decisions, quite appropriately, to the political
branches." Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 124. If, in light of all the
concerns that must be weighed before imposing liability on
foreign corporations via ATS suits, the Court were to hold
that it has the discretion to make that determination, then
the cautionary language of Sosa would be little more than
empty rhetoric. Accordingly, the Court holds that foreign
corporations may not be defendants in suits brought under
the ATS.
III
With the ATS, the First Congress provided a federal
remedy for a narrow category of international-law viola-
tions committed by individuals. Whether, more than two
centuries on, a similar remedy should be available against
foreign corporations is similarly a decision that Congress
must make.
The political branches can determine, referring to inter-
national law to the extent they deem proper, whether to
impose liability for human-rights violations upon foreign
corporations in this Nation's courts, and, conversely, that
courts in other countries should be able to hold United
States corporations liable. Congress might determine that
violations of international law do, or should, impose that
liability to ensure that corporations make every effort to
deter human-rights violations, and so that, even when
those efforts cannot be faulted, compensation for injured
persons will be a cost of doing business. If Congress and
the Executive were to determine that corporations should
be liable for violations of international law, that decision
would have special power and force because it would be
made by the branches most immediately responsive to,
28 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

and accountable to, the electorate.
It is still another possibility that, in the careful exercise
of its expertise in the field of foreign affairs, Congress
might conclude that neutral judicial safeguards may not
be ensured in every country; and so, as a reciprocal mat-
ter, it could determine that liability of foreign corporations
under the ATS should be subject to some limitations or
preconditions. Congress might deem this more careful
course to be the best way to encourage American corpora-
tions to undertake the extensive investments and foreign
operations that can be an important beginning point for
creating the infrastructures that allow human rights, as
well as judicial safeguards, to emerge. These delicate
judgments, involving a balance that it is the prerogative of
the political branches to make, especially in the field of
foreign affairs, would, once again, also be entitled to spe-
cial respect, especially because those careful distinctions
might themselves advance the Rule of Law. All this un-
derscores the important separation-of-powers concerns
that require the Judiciary to refrain from making these
kinds of decisions under the ATS. The political branches,
moreover, surely are better positioned than the Judiciary
to determine if corporate liability would, or would not,
create special risks of disrupting good relations with for-
eign governments.
Finally, Congress might find that corporate liability
should be limited to cases where a corporation's manage-
ment was actively complicit in the crime. Cf. ALI, Model
Penal Code.07(1)(c) (1985) (a corporation may be held
criminally liable where "the commission of the offense was
authorized, requested, commanded, performed or recklessly
tolerated by the board of directors or by a high managerial
agent acting on behalf of the corporation within the scope
of his office or employment"). Again, the political branches
are better equipped to make the preliminary findings
and consequent conclusions that should inform this
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 29

OpinionofofKthe
Opinion Court
ENNEDY, J.

determination.
These and other considerations that must shape and
instruct the formulation of principles of international and
domestic law are matters that the political branches are in
the better position to define and articulate. For these
reasons, judicial deference requires that any imposition of
corporate liability on foreign corporations for violations of
international law must be determined in the first instance
by the political branches of the Government.
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is affirmed.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full because it correctly
applies our precedents. I also agree with the points raised
by my concurring colleagues. Courts should not be in the
business of creating new causes of action under the Alien
Tort Statute, see post, at 2 -- 5 (GORSUCH, J., concurring in
part and concurring in judgment), especially when it risks
international strife, see post, at 3 -- 7 (ALITO, J., concurring
in part and concurring in judgment). And the Alien Tort
Statute likely does not apply to suits between foreign
plaintiffs and foreign defendants. See post, at 5 -- 14 (opin-
ion of GORSUCH, J.).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of ALITO, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE ALITO, concurring in part and concurring in the
judgment.
Creating causes of action under the Alien Tort Statute
against foreign corporate defendants would precipitate
exactly the sort of diplomatic strife that the law was en-
acted to prevent. As a result, I agree with the Court that
we should not take that step, and I join Parts I, II -- B -- 1,
and II -- C of the opinion of the Court. I write separately to
elaborate on why that outcome is compelled not only by
"judicial caution," ante, at 27 (majority opinion), but also
by the separation of powers.
I
The ATS is a jurisdictional statute. It provides that
"[t]he district courts shall have original jurisdiction of any
civil action by an alien for a tort only, committed in viola-
tion of the law of nations or a treaty of the United States."
28 U. S. C.. By its terms, the ATS does not create
any causes of action.
In Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, (2004), how-
ever, this Court nevertheless held that federal courts,
exercising their authority in limited circumstances to
make federal common law, may create causes of action
that aliens may assert under the ATS. That holding takes
some explaining.
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of ALITO, J.

According to Sosa, when the First Congress enacted the
ATS in 1789, it assumed that the statute would "have
practical effect the moment it became law" because the
general common law "would provide a cause of action for
[a] modest number of international law violations." Id., at
724. That assumption, however, depended on the contin-
ued existence of the general common law. And in 1938 -- a
century and a half after Congress enacted the ATS -- this
Court rejected the "fallacy" underlying the general com-
mon law, declaring definitively that "[t]here is no federal
general common law." Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins, 79 (1938). That left the ATS in an awkward spot:
Congress had not created any causes of action for the
statute on the assumption that litigants would use those
provided by the general common law, but now the general
common law was no more.
In Sosa, this Court did its best to resolve that problem.
"[I]t would be unreasonable to assume," the Court ex-
plained, "that the First Congress would have expected
federal courts to lose all capacity to recognize enforceable
international norms simply because the [general] common
law might lose some metaphysical cachet on the road to
modern realism." 542 U. S., at 730. Although the general
common law was gone, the Court concluded, federal courts
could still exercise their authority to create so-called "fed-
eral common law" for those " 'few and restricted' " areas "in
which Congress has given the courts the power to develop
substantive law." Texas Industries, Inc. v. Radcliff Mate-
rials, Inc., (1981). Sosa interpreted the
ATS as conferring such authorization.
As a result, Sosa held that federal courts, subject to
certain conditions, may "recognize private causes of action
[under the ATS] for certain torts in violation of the law of
nations." 542 U. S., at 724. But before doing so, Sosa
stressed, courts should follow a two-step process. First,
they should ensure that the contemplated cause of action
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of ALITO, J.

reflects an international law norm that is " 'specific, uni-
versal and obligatory.' " Id., at 732. Second, if a suitable
norm is identified, federal courts should decide whether
there is any other reason to limit "the availability of re-
lief." Id., at 733,.
II
For the reasons articulated by Justice Scalia in Sosa
and by JUSTICE GORSUCH today, I am not certain that
Sosa was correctly decided. See id., at 739 -- 751 (Scalia, J.,
dissenting); post, at 2 -- 5 (GORSUCH, J., concurring in part
and concurring in judgment). But even taking that deci-
sion on its own terms, this Court should not create causes
of action under the ATS against foreign corporate defend-
ants. As part of Sosa's second step, a court should decline
to create a cause of action as a matter of federal common
law where the result would be to further, not avoid, dip-
lomatic strife. Properly applied, that rule easily resolves
the question presented by this case.*
Sosa interpreted the ATS to authorize the federal courts
to create causes of action as a matter of federal common
law. We have repeatedly emphasized that "in fashioning
federal [common law] principles to govern areas left open
by Congress, our function is to effectuate congressional
policy." United States v. Kimbell Foods, Inc., (1979). Fidelity to congressional policy is not
only prudent but necessary: Going beyond the bounds of
Congress's authorization would mean unconstitutionally
usurping part of the "legislative Powers." U. S. Const.,
Art. I,. Accordingly, the objective for courts in every
case requiring the creation of federal common law must be
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* Because this case involves a foreign corporation, we have no need to
reach the question whether an alien may sue a United States corpora-
tion under the ATS. And since such a suit may generally be brought in
federal court based on diversity jurisdiction, 28 U. S. C. (2), it
is unclear why ATS jurisdiction would be needed in that situation.
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of ALITO, J.

"to find the rule that will best effectuate the federal policy."
Textile Workers v. Lincoln Mills of Ala., (1957).
The ATS was meant to help the United States avoid
diplomatic friction. The First Congress enacted the law to
provide a forum for adjudicating that "narrow set of viola-
tions of the law of nations" that, if left unaddressed,
"threaten[ed] serious consequences" for the United States.
Sosa, 542 U. S., at 715; see also Brief for Professors of
International Law et al. as Amici Curiae 7 -- 12. Specifically,
the First Congress was concerned about offenses like
piracy, violation of safe conducts, and infringement of the
rights of ambassadors, each of which "if not adequately
redressed could rise to an issue of war." Sosa, supra, at
715. That threat was existentially terrifying for the young
Nation. See Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., -- 124 (2013). To minimize the danger, the
First Congress enacted the ATS, "ensur[ing] that the
United States could provide a forum for adjudicating such
incidents" and thus helping the Nation avoid further
diplomatic imbroglios. Id., at 124; see ante, at 25 (majority
opinion).
Putting that objective together with the rules governing
federal common law generally, the following principle
emerges: Federal courts should decline to create federal
common law causes of action under Sosa's second step
whenever doing so would not materially advance the
ATS's objective of avoiding diplomatic strife. And apply-
ing that principle here, it is clear that federal courts
should not create causes of action under the ATS against
foreign corporate defendants. All parties agree that cus-
tomary international law does not require corporate liabil-
ity as a general matter. See Brief for Petitioners 30; Brief
for Respondent 22; see also ante, at 17 (plurality opinion);
post, at 3 -- 4 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting). But if customary
international law does not require corporate liability, then
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of ALITO, J.

declining to create it under the ATS cannot give other
nations just cause for complaint against the United States.
To the contrary, ATS suits against foreign corporations
may provoke -- and, indeed, frequently have provoked -- 
exactly the sort of diplomatic strife inimical to the funda-
mental purpose of the ATS. Some foreign states appear to
interpret international law as foreclosing civil corporate
liability for violations of the law of nations. See Brief for
Government of the United Kingdom et al. as Amici Curiae
in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No.
10 -- 1491, p. 14. Creating ATS causes of action against
foreign corporate defendants would put the United States
at odds with these nations. Even when states do not
object to this sort of corporate liability as a legal matter,
they may be concerned about ATS suits against their
corporations for political reasons. For example, Jordan
considers this suit "a direct affront" to its sovereignty and
one that "risks destabilizing Jordan's economy and under-
cutting one of the most stable and productive alliances the
United States has in the Middle East." Brief for Hashe-
mite Kingdom of Jordan as Amicus Curiae 4. Courting
these sorts of problems -- which seem endemic to ATS
litigation -- was the opposite of what the First Congress
had in mind.
In response, the dissent argues merely that any diplo-
matic friction "can be addressed with a tool more tailored
to the source of the problem than a blanket ban on corpo-
rate liability." Post, at 19. Even on its own terms, that
argument is problematic: Many of the "more tailored" tools
offered by the dissent will still be hotly litigated by ATS
plaintiffs, and it may be years before incorrect initial
decisions about their applicability can be reviewed by the
courts of appeals. See ante, at 11 (plurality opinion).
In any event, the dissent misunderstands the relevant
standard. The question before us is whether the United
States would be embroiled in fewer international contro-
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of ALITO, J.

versies if we created causes of action under the ATS
against foreign corporate defendants. Unless corporate
liability would actively decrease diplomatic disputes, we
have no authority to act. On that score, the dissent can
only speculate that declining to create causes of action
against foreign corporate defendants "might" lead to dip-
lomatic friction. Post, at 30. But the dissent has no real-
world examples to support its hunch, and that is not sur-
prising; the ATS already goes further than any other
statute in the world in granting aliens the right to sue
civilly for violations of international law, especially in
light of the many other avenues for relief available. See
ante, at 23 (plurality opinion). It would be rather rich for
any other nation to complain that the ATS does not go far
enough. Indeed, no country has.
Finally, the dissent invokes "the considered judgment of
the Executive Branch and Congress" that ATS suits
against foreign corporations are "necessary 'to help the
United States avoid diplomatic friction.' " Post, at 31,. Tellingly, however, the dissent cannot muster a
single source that actually supports that bold contention.
Instead, the dissent immediately retreats to two far more
modest assertions. First, the dissent observes that the
Executive Branch has twice suggested that this Court
should allow causes of action against corporate defendants
under the ATS. But both times the Executive Branch
defended that perspective primarily under the first step of
Sosa; here, however, we are dealing with Sosa's second
step, and with the risk of diplomatic friction in particular.
Second, the dissent also notes that the Executive Branch
and Congress have each taken steps to hold corporations
liable for certain acts like terrorism. Post, at 31,.
That is, of course, true, but it is also entirely irrelevant.
Congress and the Executive Branch may be willing to
trade off the risk of some diplomatic friction in exchange
for the promotion of other objectives (such as "holding
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of ALITO, J.

foreign corporations to account for certain egregious con-
duct," ibid.). That is their prerogative as the political
branches. But consistent with the separation of powers,
we have neither the luxury nor the right to make such
policy decisions ourselves.
Creating causes of action under the ATS against foreign
corporate defendants would be a no-win proposition.
Foreign corporate liability would not only fail to meaning-
fully advance the objectives of the ATS, but it would also
lead to precisely those "serious consequences in interna-
tional affairs" that the ATS was enacted to avoid. Sosa,
542 U. S., at 715. Under those circumstances, federal
courts have a duty to refrain from acting. Although that
may make it more difficult for aliens to hold foreign corpo-
rations liable for human rights abuses, we have repeatedly
rejected the view that the ATS was meant to transform
the federal courts into forums for the litigation of all hu-
man rights suits. See ante, at 8 -- 9, 25 -- 27 (majority opin-
ion); Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 123 -- 124; Sosa, supra, at 715 -- 
718. Declining to extend the ATS to foreign corporate
defendants is thus not about "[i]mmunizing corporations
that violate human rights," post, at 34, but rather about
furthering the purpose that the ATS was actually meant
to serve -- avoiding diplomatic strife.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE GORSUCH, concurring in part and concurring in
the judgment.
I am pleased to join the Court's judgment and Parts I,
II -- B -- 1, and II -- C of its opinion. Respectfully, though, I
believe there are two more fundamental reasons why this
lawsuit must be dismissed. A group of foreign plaintiffs
wants a federal court to invent a new cause of action so
they can sue another foreigner for allegedly breaching
international norms. In any other context, a federal judge
faced with a request like that would know exactly what to
do with it: dismiss it out of hand. Not because the defend-
ant happens to be a corporation instead of a human being.
But because the job of creating new causes of action and
navigating foreign policy disputes belongs to the political
branches. For reasons passing understanding, federal
courts have sometimes treated the Alien Tort Statute as a
license to overlook these foundational principles. I would
end ATS exceptionalism. We should refuse invitations to
create new forms of legal liability. And we should not
meddle in disputes between foreign citizens over interna-
tional norms. I write because I am hopeful that courts in
the future might pause to consider both of these reasons
for restraint before taking up cases like this one. Whatever
powers courts may possess in ATS suits, they are powers
judges should be doubly careful not to abuse.
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

I
First adopted in 1789, the current version of the ATS
provides that "[t]he district courts shall have original
jurisdiction of any civil action by an alien for a tort only,
committed in violation of the law of nations or a treaty of
the United States." 28 U. S. C.. More than two
hundred years later, the meaning of this terse provision
has still "proven elusive." Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, (2004). At the same time, this Court has
suggested that Congress enacted the statute to afford
federal courts jurisdiction to hear tort claims related to
three violations of international law that were already
embodied in English common law: violations of safe con-
ducts extended to aliens, interference with ambassadors,
and piracy. Id., at 715; 4 W. Blackstone, Commentaries on
the Laws of England 68 (1769) (Blackstone); see also
Bellia & Clark, The Alien Tort Statute and the Law of
Nations, 78 U. Chi. L. Rev. 445 (2011) (arguing that the
ATS meant to supply jurisdiction over a slightly larger set
of claims involving intentional torts by Americans against
aliens).
In this case, the plaintiffs seek much more. They want
the federal courts to recognize a new cause of action, one
that did not exist at the time of the statute's adoption, one
that Congress has never authorized. While their request
might appear inconsistent with Sosa's explanation of the
ATS's modest origin, the plaintiffs say that a caveat later
in the opinion saves them. They point to a passage where
the Court went on to suggest that the ATS may also afford
federal judges "discretion [to] conside[r] [creating] new
cause[s] of action" if they "rest on a norm of international
character accepted by the civilized world and defined with
a specificity comparable to the features of the [three] 18th-
century" torts the Court already described. 542 U. S., at
725.
I harbor serious doubts about Sosa's suggestion. In our
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

democracy the people's elected representatives make the
laws that govern them. Judges do not. The Constitution's
provisions insulating judges from political accountability
may promote our ability to render impartial judgments
in disputes between the people, but they do nothing
to recommend us as policymakers for a large nation.
Recognizing just this, our cases have held that when
confronted with a request to fashion a new cause of action,
"separation-of-powers principles are or should be central
to the analysis." Ziglar v. Abbasi, 582 U. S. ___, ___ (2017). The first and most important question in
that analysis "is 'who should decide'..., Congress or the
courts?" and the right answer "most often will be Con-
gress." Ibid. Deciding that, henceforth, persons like A
who engage in certain conduct will be liable to persons like
B is, in every meaningful sense, just like enacting a new
law. And in our constitutional order the job of writing new
laws belongs to Congress, not the courts. Adopting new
causes of action may have been a "proper function for
common-law courts," but it is not appropriate "for federal
tribunals" mindful of the limits of their constitutional
authority. Alexander v. Sandoval, 
(2001).
Nor can I see any reason to make a special exception for
the ATS. As Sosa initially acknowledged, the ATS was
designed as "a jurisdictional statute creating no new
causes of action." 542 U. S., at 724; accord, ante, at 8
(majority opinion). And I would have thought that the end
of the matter. A statute that creates no new causes of
action... creates no new causes of action. To the extent
Sosa continued on to claim for federal judges the discre-
tionary power to create new forms of liability on their own,
it invaded terrain that belongs to the people's representa-
tives and should be promptly returned to them. 542 U. S.,
at 747 (Scalia, J., concurring in part and concurring in
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

judgment).1
But even accepting Sosa's framework does not end the
matter. As the Court acknowledges, there is a strong
argument that "a proper application of Sosa would pre-
clude courts from ever recognizing any new causes of
action under the ATS." Ante, at 19. I believe that argu-
ment is correct. For the reasons just described, separation
of powers considerations ordinarily require us to defer to
Congress in the creation of new forms of liability. This
Court hasn't yet used Sosa's assertion of discretionary
authority to recognize a new cause of action, and I cannot
imagine a sound reason, hundreds of years after the stat-
ute's passage, to start now. For a court inclined to claim
the discretion to enter this field, it is a discretion best
exercised by staying out of it.
The context in which any Sosa discretion would be
exercised confirms the wisdom of restraint. Sosa acknowl-
edged that any decision to create a new cause of action
would "inevitably [involve] an element of judgment about
the practical consequences" that might follow. Id., at 732 -- 
733. But because the point of such a claim would be to
vindicate "a norm of international character," id., at 725,
those "practical consequences" would likely involve ques-
tions of foreign affairs and national security -- matters that
implicate neither judicial expertise nor authority. It is for
Congress to "define and punish... Offences against the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Thedissent claims that Congress's decision to give federal courts
"jurisdiction over claims based on 'the law of nations,' " necessarily
implies the authority to develop that law. Post, at 16. That does not
follow. Federal courts have jurisdiction over all kinds of cases -- for
example, those arising under the law of torts or contracts. Yet follow-
ing our decision in Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins, (1938), federal
courts are generally no longer permitted to promulgate new federal
common law causes of action in those areas. Id., at 75. I can see no
reason to treat the law of nations differently. See Sosa v. Alvarez-
Machain, -- 746 (2004) (Scalia, J., concurring in part
and concurring in judgment).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

Law of Nations" and to regulate foreign commerce. U. S.
Const., Art. I.,. And it is for the President to resolve
diplomatic disputes and command the armed forces. Art.
II, -- 3. Foreign policy and national security decisions
are "delicate, complex, and involve large elements of
prophecy" for which "the Judiciary has neither aptitude,
facilities[,] nor responsibility." Chicago & Southern Air
Lines, Inc. v. Waterman S. S. Corp., 
(1948) (Jackson, J.). And I find it difficult to imagine a
case in which a federal court might safely conclude other-
wise. Take this very lawsuit by way of example. The
Kingdom of Jordan considers it to be "a 'grave affront' to
its sovereignty," and the State Department worries about
its foreign policy implications. Ante, at 26. Whether
American interests justify the "practical consequence" of
offending another nation in this way (or in worse ways
yet) is a question that should be addressed "only by those
directly responsible to the people whose welfare" such
decisions "advance or imperil." Waterman S. S. Corp.,
supra, at 111. So while I have no quarrel with the dis-
sent's observation, post, at 15 -- 16, that lower federal courts
are not free to overrule Sosa's framework or treat it as
optional, I do know that the analysis Sosa requires should
come out the same way in virtually every case. If Sosa is
right -- and I am sure it is -- that federal courts must "inev-
itably" exercise "an element of judgment" about delicate
questions of foreign affairs when deciding whether to
create a new cause of action, then judges should exercise
good judgment by declining the project before we create
real trouble.
II
Another independent problem lurks here. This is a suit
by foreigners against a foreigner over the meaning of
international norms. Respectfully, I do not think the
original understanding of the ATS or our precedent per-
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

mits federal courts to hear cases like this. At a minimum,
both those considerations and simple common sense about
the limits of the judicial function should lead federal
courts to require a domestic defendant before agreeing to
exercise any Sosa-generated discretion to entertain an
ATS suit.
Start with the statute. What we call the Alien Tort
Statute began as just one clause among many in of the
Judiciary Act of 1789, which specified the jurisdiction of
the federal courts. 1 Stat. 76 -- 78. The ATS clause gave
the district courts "cognizance, concurrent with the courts
of the several States, or the circuit courts, as the case may
be, of all causes where an alien sues for a tort only in
violation of the law of nations or a treaty of the United
States."2 Like today's recodified version, 28 U. S. C.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 "Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the district courts shall

have, exclusively of the courts of the several States, cognizance of all
crimes and offences that shall be cognizable under the authority of the
United States, committed within their respective districts, or upon the
high seas; where no other punishment than whipping, not exceeding
thirty stripes, a fine not exceeding one hundred dollars, or a term of
imprisonment not exceeding six months, is to be inflicted; and shall also
have exclusive original cognizance of all civil causes of admiralty and
maritime jurisdiction, including all seizures under laws of impost,
navigation or trade of the United States, where the seizures are made,
on waters which are navigable from the sea by vessels of ten or more
tons burthen, within their respective districts as well as upon the high
seas; saving to suitors, in all cases, the right of a common law remedy,
where the common law is competent to give it; and shall also have
exclusive original cognizance of all seizures on land, or other waters
than as aforesaid, made, and of all suits for penalties and forfeitures
incurred, under the laws of the United States. And shall also have
cognizance, concurrent with the courts of the several States, or the
circuit courts, as the case may be, of all causes where an alien sues for a
tort only in violation of the law of nations or a treaty of the United
States. And shall also have cognizance, concurrent as last mentioned,
of all suits at common law where the United States sue, and the matter
in dispute amounts, exclusive of costs, to the sum or value of one
hundred dollars. And shall also have jurisdiction, exclusively of the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

Opinion of GORSUCH, J., the original text of the ATS did not expressly call
for a U. S. defendant. But I think it likely would have
been understood to contain such a requirement when
adopted.
That is because the First Congress passed the Judiciary
Act in the shadow of the Constitution. The Act created the
federal courts and vested them with statutory authority to
entertain claims consistent with the newly ratified terms
of Article III. Meanwhile, under Article III, Congress
could not have extended to federal courts the power to
hear just any suit between two aliens (unless, for example,
one was a diplomat). Diversity of citizenship was re-
quired. So, because Article III's diversity-of-citizenship
clause calls for a U. S. party, and because the ATS clause
requires an alien plaintiff, it follows that an American
defendant was needed for an ATS suit to proceed.
Precedent confirms this conclusion. In Mossman v.
Higginson, 4 Dall. 12, 14 (1800), this Court addressed the
meaning of a neighboring provision of the Judiciary Act.
Section 11 gave the circuit courts power to hear, among
other things, civil cases where "an alien is a party." 1
Stat. 78. As with, you might think 's language could
be read to permit a suit between aliens. Yet this Court
held must instead be construed to refer only to cases
"where, indeed, an alien is one party, but a citizen is the
other." Mossman, 4 Dall., at 14. That was necessary, Mossman explained, to give
the statute a "constructio[n] consistent" with the diversity-
jurisdiction clause of Article III. Ibid. And as a matter of
precedent, I cannot think of a good reason why we would
now read differently than Mossman read. Like
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
courts of the several States, of all suits against consuls or vice-consuls,
except for offences above the description aforesaid. And the trial of
issues in fact, in the district courts, in all causes except civil causes of
admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, shall be by jury." 1 Stat. 76 -- 77
(some emphasis added; footnotes omitted).
8 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

cases are, after all, supposed to come out alike. See Sarei
v. Rio Tinto, PLC, 671 F. 3d 736, 828 (CA9 2011) (Ikuta,
J., dissenting) ("Mossman's analysis [of ] is equally
applicable to.... ATS does not give federal courts
jurisdiction to hear international law claims between two
aliens"), vacated and remanded, (2013).
Nor does it appear the ATS meant to rely on any other
head of Article III jurisdiction. You might wonder, for
example, if the First Congress considered a "violation of
the law of nations" to be a violation of, and thus "arise
under," federal law. But that does not seem likely. At the
founding, the law of nations was considered a distinct
"system of rules, deducible by natural reason, and estab-
lished by universal consent among the civilized inhabit-
ants of the world," 4 Blackstone 66. While this Court has
called international law "part of our law," The Paquete
Habana, (1900), and a component of the
"law of the land," The Nereide, 9 Cranch 388, 423 (1815),
that simply meant international law was no different than
the law of torts or contracts -- it was "part of the so-called
general common law," but not part of federal law. Sosa,
542 U. S., at 739 -- 740 (opinion of Scalia, J.). See Bradley &
Goldsmith, Customary International Law as Federal
Common Law: A Critique of the Modern Position, 110
Harv. L. Rev. 815, 824, 849 -- 850 (1997); see also Young,
Sorting Out the Debate Over Customary International
Law, 42 Va. J. Int'l L. 365, 374 -- 375 (2002). The text of the
Constitution appears to recognize just this distinction.
Article I speaks of "Offences against the Law of Nations,"
while both Article III and Article VI's Supremacy Clause,
which defines the scope of pre-emptive federal law, omit
that phrase while referring to the "Laws of the United
States." Congress may act to bring provisions of interna-
tional law into federal law, but they cannot find their way
there on their own. "The law of nations is not embodied in
any provision of the Constitution, nor in any treaty, act of
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

Congress, or any authority, or commission derived from
the United States." Caperton v. Bowyer, 14 Wall. 216, 228
(1872).
Even so, that hardly left the ATS without important
work to perform. At the time of the founding, "[i]f a nation
failed to redress injuries by its citizens upon the citizens of
another nation, the perpetrators' nation violated the 'per-
fect rights' of the other nation," which "provided the of-
fended nation with just cause for reprisals or war." Bellia
& Clark, 78 U. Chi. L. Rev., at 476.3 This reality posed an
existential threat to the new nation. Under the Articles of
Confederation, States regularly refused to redress injuries
their citizens caused foreigners. British creditors, for
example, often found their efforts to collect debts from
American debtors thwarted. Id., at 498 -- 501. Seeking to
remedy these and similar problems, the Continental Con-
gress in 1781 passed a resolution encouraging the States,
among other things, to establish tribunals for vindicating
"offences against the law of nations" and to "authorise
suits to be instituted for damages by the party injured."
Id., at 495 -- 496. But the States did too little, too late. So
when the framers gathered to write the Constitution they
included among their chief priorities endowing the national
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 As a leading treatise explained, a sovereign "ought not to suffer his

subjects to molest the subjects of others, or to do them an injury, much
less should he permit them audaciously to offend foreign powers." E. de
Vattel, 1 The Law of Nations, bk. II, p. 145 (1760). Instead, the
nation "ought to oblige the guilty to repair the damage, if that be
possible, to inflict on him an exemplary punishment, or, in short,
according to the nature of the case, and the circumstances attending it,
to deliver him up to the offended state there to receive justice." Ibid. A
sovereign who "refuses to cause a reparation to be made of the damage
caused by his subject, or to punish the guilty, or, in short, to deliver him
up, renders himself in some measure an accomplice in the injury, and
becomes responsible for it." Id., at 145; see also Bellia & Clark,
The Alien Tort Statute and the Law of Nations, 78 U. Chi. L. Rev. 472 -- 
477 (2011).
10 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

government with sufficient power to ensure the country's
compliance with the law of nations. See 1 Records of the
Federal Convention of 1787, pp. 24 -- 25 (M. Farrand rev.
1966).
Together with other provisions of the Judiciary Act, the
ATS served that purpose. The law of nations required
countries to ensure foreign citizens could obtain redress
for wrongs committed by domestic defendants, whether
"through criminal punishment, extradition, or a civil
remedy." Bellia & Clark, 78 U. Chi. L. Rev., at 509. Yet
in 1789 this country had no comprehensive criminal code
and no extradition treaty with Great Britain. Id., at 509 -- 
510. Section 11 achieved a partial solution to the problem
by permitting civil diversity suits in federal court between
aliens and domestic parties, but that provision required at
least $500 in controversy. 1 Stat. 78; cf. 28 U. S. C.
(today's minimum is $75,000). But, as Professors
Bellia and Clark have explained, "[h]ad Congress stopped
there, it would have omitted an important category of law
of nations violations that threatened the peace of the
United States: personal injuries that US citizens inflicted
upon aliens resulting in less than $500 in damages." 78 U.
Chi. L. Rev., at 509. So the ATS neatly filled the remain-
ing gap by allowing aliens to sue in federal court for a tort
in violation of the law of nations regardless of the amount
in controversy. One obvious advantage of this solution
"was that it was self-executing -- it placed the burden on
injured aliens to bring suit and did not require the still-
forming US government immediately to marshal the
resources necessary to prosecute crimes" or aid extradi-
tions. Id., at 510.
Any attempt to decipher a cryptic old statute is sure to
meet with challenges. For example, one could object that
this reading of the Act does not assign to the ATS the
work of addressing assaults by aliens against foreign
ambassadors on our soil, even though Sosa suggested the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

statute was enacted partly in response to precisely such a
case: the "Marbois incident of May 1784, in which a
French adventurer, De Longchamps, verbally and physi-
cally assaulted the Secretary of the French Legion in
Philadelphia." 542 U. S., at 716. Many thought that the
States' failure to provide a forum for relief to the foreign
minister was a scandal and part of what prompted the
framers of the Constitution to strengthen the national
government. Id., at 717; Bellia & Clark, supra, at 467
("The Confederation's inability to remedy or curtail viola-
tions like these was a significant factor precipitating the
Federal Convention of 1787").
But worries along these lines may be misplaced. The
ATS was never meant to serve as a freestanding statute,
only as one clause in one section of the Judiciary Act. So
even if you think something in the Judiciary Act must be
interpreted to address the Marbois incident, that doesn't
mean it must be the ATS clause. And, as it happens, a
different provision of the Act did deal expressly with the
problem of ambassadorial assaults: Section 13 conferred
on this Court "original, but not exclusive jurisdiction of all
suits brought by ambassadors, or other public ministers,
or in which a consul, or vice consul shall be a party." 1
Stat. 80 -- 81. That implemented Article III's provision
empowering us to hear suits "affecting Ambassadors, other
public ministers and Consuls.". And given that 
deals with the problem of "ambassadors" so directly, it is
unclear why we must read to address that same prob-
lem. See Lee, The Safe-Conduct Theory of the Alien Tort
Statute, 106 Colum. L. Rev. 830, 855 -- 858 (2006).
Along different but similar lines, some might be con-
cerned that requiring a U. S. defendant in ATS suits
would leave the problem of piracy inadequately addressed,
given that Sosa suggested that piracy was one of the three
offenses the ATS may have meant to capture, and many
pirates were foreigners. See 542 U. S., at 719. But here
12 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

the response is much the same. A separate clause of 
gave the district courts "exclusive original cognizance of
all civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction." 1
Stat. 77. That statute has long been given a broad con-
struction covering "all maritime contracts, torts and inju-
ries," DeLovio v. Boit, 7 F. Cas. 418, 442 (No. 3,776) (CC
Mass. 1815) (Story, J.), along with "prize jurisdiction,
which probably included almost all 'piracy' cases after
1789," Lee, supra, at 867. So it is not clear why it's neces-
sary to cram the problem of piracy into the ATS. If any-
thing, it may be necessary not to do so. Structural fea-
tures of make it at least questionable that both
provisions were meant to address the same subject matter:
Cases falling within 's ATS clause could also be brought
in state court or in the circuit courts, 1 Stat. 77, while 's
admiralty jurisdiction was generally exclusive, id., at 76 -- 
77. See Lee, supra, at 868. And the two provisions also
called for incompatible procedures: Section 9 required jury
trials "in all causes except civil causes of admiralty and
maritime jurisdiction." 1 Stat. 77.
If doubt lingers on these historical questions, it is a
doubt that should counsel restraint all the same. Even if
the ATS might have meant to allow foreign ambassadors
to sue foreign defendants, or foreign plaintiffs to sue for-
eign pirates, what would that prove about more mine-run
cases like ours, where none of those special concerns are
implicated? There are at least serious historical argu-
ments suggesting the ATS was not meant to apply to suits
like this one. And to the extent Sosa affords courts discre-
tion to proceed, these arguments should inform any deci-
sion whether to exercise that discretion. In Kiobel v.
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., -- 117 (2013),
the Court invoked Sosa discretion to refuse to hear cases
involving foreign conduct. I can see no reason why courts
should respond differently when it comes to cases involv-
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

ing foreign defendants.4
Any consideration of Sosa's discretion must also account
for proper limits on the judicial function. As discussed
above, federal courts generally lack the institutional ex-
pertise and constitutional authority to oversee foreign
policy and national security, and should be wary of stray-
ing where they do not belong. See supra, at 4 -- 5. Yet
there are degrees of institutional incompetence and consti-
tutional evil. It is one thing for courts to assume the task
of creating new causes of action to ensure our citizens
abide by the law of nations and avoid reprisals against
this country. It is altogether another thing for courts to
punish foreign parties for conduct that could not be at-
tributed to the United States and thereby risk reprisals
against this country. If a foreign state or citizen violates
an "international norm" in a way that offends another
foreign state or citizen, the Constitution arms the Presi-
dent and Congress with ample means to address it. Or, if
they think best, the political branches may choose to look
the other way. But in all events, the decision to impose
sanctions in disputes between foreigners over international
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The dissent is wrong to suggest, post, at 17, that Sosa "forecloses"

the possibility of recognizing a U. S.-defendant requirement in ATS
cases. Sosa said nothing about the subject. And were Sosa taken to
preclude any future limits on ATS suits it did not itself anticipate, then
Kiobel must have been wrong to apply the canon against extraterrito-
rial application to that statute. But that is not so. The dissent also
observes that Sosa "involved an ATS suit brought by a citizen of Mexico
against a citizen of Mexico," and that certain amici in Sosa filed briefs
arguing that the Court lacked authority over the ATS claims for that
reason. See post, at 17. But Sosa did not address those arguments;
questions that "merely lurk in the record are not resolved, and no
resolution of them may be inferred." Illinois Bd. of Elections v. Social-
ist Workers Party, (1979) (citations and internal
quotation marks omitted); accord, RJR Nabisco, Inc. v. European
Community, 579 U. S. ___, ___, (2016) (, ) (issue
present but unaddressed by the Court in a previous case was not
implicitly decided).
14 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

Opinion of GORSUCH, J.

norms is not ours to make. It is a decision that belongs to
those answerable to the people and assigned by the Con-
stitution to defend this nation. If they wish our help, they
are free to enlist it, but we should not ever be in the busi-
ness of elbowing our way in.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 499
_________________

JOSEPH JESNER, ET AL., PETITIONERS v.

ARAB BANK, PLC

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[April 24, 2018] 

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE GINSBURG,
JUSTICE BREYER, and JUSTICE KAGAN join, dissenting.
The Court today holds that the Alien Tort Statute
(ATS), 28 U. S. C., categorically forecloses foreign
corporate liability. In so doing, it absolves corporations
from responsibility under the ATS for conscience-shocking
behavior. I disagree both with the Court's conclusion and
its analytic approach. The text, history, and purpose of
the ATS, as well as the long and consistent history of
corporate liability in tort, confirm that tort claims for law­
of-nations violations may be brought against corporations
under the ATS. Nothing about the corporate form in itself
raises foreign-policy concerns that require the Court, as a
matter of common-law discretion, to immunize all foreign
corporations from liability under the ATS, regardless of
the specific law-of-nations violations alleged. I respectfully
dissent.
I
The plurality assumes without deciding that whether
corporations can be permissible defendants under the ATS
turns on the first step of the two-part inquiry set out in
Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, (2004). But by
asking whether there is "a specific, universal, and obliga­
tory norm of liability for corporations" in international
2 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

law, ante, at 13, the plurality fundamentally misconceives
how international law works and so misapplies the first
step of Sosa.
A
In Sosa, the Court considered whether a Mexican citizen
could recover under the ATS for a claim of arbitrary de­
tention by a Mexican national who had been hired by the
Drug Enforcement Administration to seize and transport
him to the United States. See 542 U. S., at 697 -- 698. The
Court held that the ATS permits federal courts to "recog­
nize private causes of action for certain torts in violation of
the law of nations," id., at 724, without the need for any
"further congressional action," id., at 712. The Court then
articulated a two-step framework to guide that inquiry.
First, a court must determine whether the particular
international-law norm alleged to have been violated is
"accepted by the civilized world and defined with a speci­
ficity comparable to the features of the 18th-century para­
digms," i.e., "violation of safe conducts, infringement of the
rights of ambassadors, and piracy." Id., at 724 -- 725. Only
if the norm is " 'specific, universal, and obligatory' " may
federal courts recognize a cause of action for its violation.
Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., 
(2013). Second, if that
threshold hurdle is satisfied, a court should consider
whether allowing a particular case to proceed is an appro­
priate exercise of judicial discretion. Sosa, 542 U. S., at
727 -- 728, 732 -- 733, 738. Applying that framework, Sosa
held that the alleged arbitrary detention claim at issue
failed at step one because "a single illegal detention of less
than a day, followed by the transfer of custody to lawful
authorities and a prompt arraignment, violates no norm of
customary international law so well defined as to support
the creation of a federal remedy." Id., at 738.
Sosa's norm-specific first step is inapposite to the cate­
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

gorical question whether corporations may be sued under
the ATS as a general matter. International law imposes
certain obligations that are intended to govern the behav­
ior of states and private actors. See id., at 714 -- 715; 1
Restatement (Third) of Foreign Relations Law of the
United States, pt. II, Introductory Note, pp. 70 -- 71 (1987)
(Restatement). Among those obligations are substantive
prohibitions on certain conduct thought to violate human
rights, such as genocide, slavery, extrajudicial killing, and
torture. See 2 Restatement. Substantive prohibi­
tions like these are the norms at which Sosa's step-one
inquiry is aimed and for which Sosa requires that there be
sufficient international consensus.
Sosa does not, however, demand that there be sufficient
international consensus with regard to the mechanisms of
enforcing these norms, for enforcement is not a question
with which customary international law is concerned.
Although international law determines what substantive
conduct violates the law of nations, it leaves the specific
rules of how to enforce international-law norms and remedy
their violation to states, which may act to impose liability
collectively through treaties or independently via their
domestic legal systems. See, e.g., L. Henkin, Foreign
Affairs and the United States Constitution 245 (2d ed.
1996) ("International law itself... does not require
any particular reaction to violations of law"); Denza,
The Relationship Between International and National
Law, in International Law 423 (M. Evans ed. 2006)
("[I]nternational law does not itself prescribe how it should
be applied or enforced at the national level"); 1 Restate­
ment, Comment h ("In the absence of special agree­
ment, it is ordinarily for the United States to decide how it
will carry out its international obligations"); Brief for
International Law Scholars as Amici Curiae 9 -- 10.
In keeping with the nature of international law, Sosa
consistently used the word "norm" to refer to substantive
4 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

conduct. For example, Sosa commands that "federal
courts should not recognize private claims under federal
common law for violations of any international law norm
with less definite content and acceptance among civilized
nations than the historical paradigms familiar when
was enacted." 542 U. S., at 732. That statement
would make little sense if "norm" encompassed enforce­
ment mechanisms like "corporate liability." Unlike "the
prohibition on genocide," "corporate liability" cannot be
violated. Moreover, "the historical paradigms familiar
when was enacted" are all prohibitions on conduct,
and Sosa clearly contemplated that courts should compare
the charged conduct with the historical conduct. See ibid.,
where the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit com­
pared a " 'torturer' " to " 'the pirate and slave trader before
him,' " id., at 890, and Judge Edwards' concurrence in Tel-
Oren v. Libyan Arab Republic, 726 F. 2d 774 (CADC
1984), which suggested that the " 'limits of section 1350's
reach' " be defined by " 'a handful of heinous actions -- each
of which violates definable, universal and obligatory
norms,' " id., at 781). There is no indication in Sosa that
the Court also intended for courts to undertake the apples-
to-oranges comparison of the conduct proscribed under
customary international law and the forms of liability
available under domestic law.
The text of the ATS also reflects this distinction between
prohibiting conduct and determining enforcement. The
statute provides: "The district courts shall have original
jurisdiction of any civil action by an alien for a tort only,
committed in violation of the law of nations or a treaty of
the United States." 28 U. S. C.. The phrase "of the
law of nations" modifies "violation," not "civil action." The
statutory text thus requires only that the alleged conduct
be specifically and universally condemned under interna­
tional law, not that the civil action be of a type that the
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

international community specifically and universally
practices or endorses.
B
1
The plurality nonetheless allies itself with the view that
international law supplies the rule of decision in this case
based on its reading of footnote 20 in Sosa. That footnote
sets out "[a] related consideration" to "the determination
whether a norm is sufficiently definite to support a cause
of action." 542 U. S., at 732, and. In full, it states:
"A related consideration is whether international law
extends the scope of liability for a violation of a given
norm to the perpetrator being sued, if the defendant is
a private actor such as a corporation or individual.
Compare Tel-Oren v. Libyan Arab Republic, 726 F. 2d
774, 791 -- 795 (CADC 1984) (Edwards, J., concurring)
(insufficient consensus in 1984 that torture by private
actors violates international law), with Kadic v.
Karadžić, 70 F. 3d 232, 239 -- 241 (CA2 1995) (suffi­
cient consensus in 1995 that genocide by private ac­
tors violates international law)." 542 U. S., at 732,.
In the Second Circuit's decision in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch
Petroleum, 621 F. 3d 111 (2010), the majority opinion read
footnote 20 to "requir[e] that [courts] look to international
law to determine [their] jurisdiction over ATS claims
against a particular class of defendant, such as corpora­
tions." Id., at 127 (emphasis in original). The plurality
today accords "considerable force and weight to [that]
position," ante, at 13, and so proceeds to assess whether
there exists a specific, universal, and obligatory norm of
liability for corporations in international law, ante, at 13 -- 
17. But the Court of Appeals mistook the meaning of
footnote 20, which simply draws attention to the fact that,
6 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

under international law, "the distinction between conduct
that does and conduct that does not violate the law of
nations can turn on whether the conduct is done by or on
behalf of a State or by a private actor independently of a
State." Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 177 (Leval, J., concurring in
judgment).
The international-law norm against genocide, for exam­
ple, imposes obligations on all actors. Acts of genocide
thus violate the norm irrespective of whether they are
committed privately or in concert with the state. See
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the
Crime of Genocide, Art. II, Dec. 9, 1948, 102 Stat. 3045
(defining "genocide" as "any of the following acts commit­
ted with intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a national,
ethnical, racial or religious group"); see also 18 U. S. C.
("Whoever" commits genocide "shall be punished
as provided in subsection (b)"). In contrast, other norms,
like the prohibition on torture, require state action. Con­
duct thus qualifies as torture and violates the norm only
when done "by or at the instigation of or with the consent
or acquiescence of a public official or other person acting
in an official capacity." Convention Against Torture and
Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Pun­
ishment, Art. 1, Dec. 10, 1984, S. Treaty Doc. No. 100 -- 20,
1465 U. N. T. S. 114 (Torture Convention).1
Footnote 20 in Sosa flags this distinction and instructs
courts to consider whether there is "sufficient consensus"
that, with respect to the particular conduct prohibited
under "a given norm," the type of defendant being sued
can be alleged to have violated that specific norm. 542
U. S., at 732,. Because footnote 20 contemplates a
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 This distinction is similar to the state-action doctrine in domestic

law. The prohibitions in the Bill of Rights, for instance, apply only to
state actors, whereas the Thirteenth Amendment's prohibition on
slavery applies to all actors, state and private. See United States v.
Kozminski, (1988).
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

norm-specific inquiry, not a categorical one, it is irrelevant
to the categorical question presented here. Assuming the
prohibition against financing of terrorism is sufficiently
"specific, universal, and obligatory" to satisfy the first step
of Sosa, a question on which I would remand to the Court
of Appeals, nothing in international law suggests a corpo­
ration may not violate it.2

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 At present, the norm-specific query contemplated by footnote 20 is

likely resolved simply by considering whether the given international-
law norm binds only state actors or state and nonstate actors alike,
because there does not appear to be an international-law norm that
contemplates a finer distinction between types of private actors. See
Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch
Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No. 10 -- 1491, p. 20 ("At the present time, the
United States is not aware of any international-law norm, accepted by
civilized nations and defined with the degree of specificity required by
Sosa, that requires, or necessarily contemplates, a distinction between
natural and juridical actors"); Dodge, Corporate Liability Under Cus­
tomary International Law, 43 Geo. J. Int'l L. 1045, 1050 (2012) ("None
of the norms that are actionable under Sosa distinguish between
natural and juridical persons").
Sosa itself supports the proposition that international law does not
distinguish between types of private actors, but rather treats natural
persons and corporations alike. Footnote 20 groups corporations and
individuals together under the larger category of "private actor." Sosa,
542 U. S., at 732, ("if the defendant is a private actor such as a
corporation or an individual"); see also id., at 760 (BREYER, J., concur­
ring in part and concurring in judgment) ("The norm must extend
liability to the type of perpetrator (e.g., a private actor) the plaintiff
seeks to sue" ). Sosa also describes the two
Court of Appeals decisions on which it relies as having considered
whether there was sufficient consensus that particular conduct -- 
torture or genocide -- "violates international law" when undertaken "by
private actors." Id., at 732, (discussing Tel-Oren v. Libyan Arab
Republic, 726 F. 2d 774, 791 -- 795 (CADC 1984) (Edwards, J., concur­
ring), and Kadic v. Karadžić, 70 F. 3d 232, 239 -- 241 (CA2 1995)). Even
though the defendant in Kadic was a natural person, see id., at 237,
and the defendants in Tel-Oren were juridical entities, see 726 F. 2d, at
775 -- 776, Sosa refers to them all as "private actors," 542 U. S., at 732,.
8 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

2
The plurality briefly acknowledges this critique of its
reading of footnote 20, but nonetheless assumes the cor­
rectness of its approach because of its view that there
exists a "distinction in international law between corpora­
tions and natural persons." Ante, at 17. The plurality
attempts to substantiate this proposition by pointing to
the charters of certain international criminal tribunals
and noting that none was given jurisdiction over corporate
defendants. That argument, however, confuses the sub­
stance of international law with how it has been enforced
in particular contexts.
Again, the question of who must undertake the prohib­
ited conduct for there to be a violation of an international-
law norm is one of international law, but how a particular
actor is held liable for a given law-of-nations violation
generally is a question of enforcement left up to individual
states. Sometimes, states act collectively and establish
international tribunals to punish certain international-law
violations. Each such tribunal is individually negotiated,
and the limitations placed on its jurisdiction are typi-
cally driven by strategic considerations and resource
constraints.
For example, the Allies elected not to prosecute corpora­
tions at Nuremberg because of pragmatic factors. Those
factors included scarce judicial resources, a preference of
the occupation governments to swiftly dismantle the most
culpable German companies without destroying Germa­
ny's postwar economy, and a desire to focus on establish­
ing the principle of nonstate criminal responsibility for
human-rights violations. See Brief for Nuremberg Schol­
ars as Amici Curiae 4, 11 -- 13.
More recently, the delegations that negotiated the Rome
Statute of the International Criminal Court in the 1990's
elected not to extend that tribunal's jurisdiction to corpo­
rations in part because states had varying domestic prac­
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

tices as to whether and how to impose criminal liability on
corporations. See Frulli, Jurisdiction Ratione Personae, in
1 Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court 527,
532 -- 533 (A. Cassese et al. eds. 2002); Brief for Ambassa­
dor David J. Scheffer as Amicus Curiae 8 -- 10.
Taken to its natural conclusion, the plurality's focus on
the practice of international criminal tribunals would
prove too much. No international tribunal has been created
and endowed with the jurisdiction to hold natural persons
civilly (as opposed to criminally) liable, yet the majority
and respondent accept that natural persons can be held
liable under the ATS. See ante, at 26; Tr. of Oral Arg. 62.
It cannot be persuasive evidence for purposes of ascertain­
ing the availability of corporate civil liability under the
ATS, then, that the jurisdiction of the handful of interna­
tional criminal tribunals that states have seen fit to
create in the last 75 years has not extended to corporate
defendants.
Ultimately, the evidence on which the plurality relies
does not prove that international law distinguishes be­
tween corporations and natural persons as a categorical
matter. To the contrary, it proves only that states' collec­
tive efforts to enforce various international-law norms
have, to date, often focused on natural rather than corpo­
rate defendants.
In fact, careful review of states' collective and individual
enforcement efforts makes clear that corporations are
subject to certain obligations under international law. For
instance, the United States Military Tribunal that prose­
cuted several corporate executives of IG Farben declared
that corporations could violate international law. See 8
Trials of War Criminals Before the Nuernberg Military
Tribunals Under Council Control Law No. 10, p. 1132
(1952) ("Where private individuals, including juristic
persons, proceed to exploit the military occupancy by
acquiring private property against the will and consent of
10 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the former owner, such action... is in violation of interna­
tional law").3 Similarly, the International Criminal Tri­
bunal for Rwanda found that three nonnatural entities -- a
private radio station, newspaper, and political party -- 
were responsible for genocide. See Prosecutor v. Nahimana,
Case No. ICTR -- 99 -- 52 -- T, Judgment and Sentence ¶953
(Dec. 3, 2003). Most recently, the appeals panel of the
Special Tribunal for Lebanon held that corporations may
be prosecuted for contempt. See Prosecutor v. New TV
S. A. L., Case No. STL -- 14 -- 05/PT/AP/AR126.1, Decision on
Interlocutory Appeal Concerning Personal Jurisdiction in
Contempt Proceedings ¶74 (Oct. 2, 2014).
In addition, various international agreements require
signatory states to impose liability on corporations for
certain conduct.4 Of particular relevance here, the Inter­
national Convention for the Suppression of the Financing
of Terrorism provides: "Any person commits an offence
within the meaning of this Convention if that person by
any means, directly or indirectly, unlawfully and wilfully,
provides or collects funds with the intention that they
should be used or in the knowledge that they are to be
used, in full or in part, in order to carry out" an act of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The Nuremberg Tribunal also was empowered to adjudicate a form

of criminal organizational liability, pursuant to which an individual
member of a convicted organization would face a rebuttable presump­
tion of guilt in a subsequent proceeding. Brief for Nuremberg Scholars
as Amici Curiae 4, 20 -- 21 (declaring three organiza­
tions criminal)).
4 See, e.g., United Nations Convention Against Transnational Orga­

nized Crime, Art. 10(1), Nov. 15, 2000, T. I. A. S. No. 13127, S. Treaty
Doc. No. 108 -- 16; Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public
Officials in International Business Transactions, Art. 2, Dec. 17, 1997,
2802 U. N. T. S. 230.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

terrorism. Dec. 9, 1999, Art. 2, S. Treaty Doc. No. 106 -- 49,
2178 U. N. T. S. 230. It then requires each signatory
state, "in accordance with its domestic legal principles," to
"take the necessary measures to enable a legal entity
located in its territory or organized under its laws to be
held liable when a person responsible for the management
or control of that legal entity has, in that capacity," violated
the Convention. Id., Art. 5(1). The Convention provides
that "[s]uch liability may be criminal, civil, or administra­
tive," ibid., so long as the penalties, which can include
monetary sanctions, are "effective, proportionate and
dissuasive." Id., Art. 5(3). The United States is a party to
the Convention, along with 131 other states.5
The plurality dismisses the relevance of this Convention
because it does not require states parties to hold corpora­
tions liable in common-law tort actions, but rather permits
them to "fulfill their obligations... by adopting detailed
regulatory regimes governing financial institutions." Ante,
at 16. That critique misses the point. The significance of
the Convention is that the international community
agreed that financing terrorism is unacceptable conduct
and that such conduct violates the Convention when un­
dertaken by corporations. That the Convention leaves up
to each state party how to impose liability on corporations,
e.g., via erecting a regulatory regime, providing for tort
actions, or imposing criminal sanctions, is unremarkable,6
and simply reflects that international law sets out stand­
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing

of Terrorism, online at https://treaties.un.org/doc/Publication/MTDSG/
Volume%20II/Chapter%20XVIII/XVIII-11.en.pdf (all Internet materials
as last visited Apr. 16, 2018).
6 The Genocide Convention also does not specifically require that

states parties recognize tort claims for genocide, but federal courts have
long permitted such actions under the ATS as a matter of federal
common law. See, e.g., Kadic, 70 F. 3d, at 236. The same is true of the
Torture Convention. See, e.g., Filartiga v. Pena-Irala, 630 F. 2d 876,
885 (CA2 1980).
12 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

ards of conduct and leaves it to individual states to deter­
mine how best to enforce those standards.
Finally, a number of states, acting individually, have
imposed criminal and civil liability on corporations for
law-of-nations violations through their domestic legal
systems. See, e.g., New TV S. A. L., Case No. STL -- 14 -- 
05/PT/AP/AR126.1, ¶¶52 -- 55 (listing more than 40 coun­
tries that provide for corporate criminal liability); A. Ra­
masastry & R. Thompson, Commerce, Crime and Conflict:
Legal Remedies for Private Sector Liability for Grave
Breaches of International Law 22 -- 24 (2006), available at
https://www.biicl.org/files/4364_536.pdf (noting that 15 of
16 countries surveyed permit civil claims against corpora­
tions for human rights violations); Brief for Comparative
Law Scholars and Practitioners as Amici Curiae 15 -- 19
(detailing provisions creating corporate civil liability for
international-law violations in England, France, the Neth­
erlands, and Canada).
C
Instead of asking whether there exists a specific, uni­
versal, and obligatory norm of corporate liability under
international law, the relevant inquiry in response to the
question presented here is whether there is any reason -- 
under either international law or our domestic law -- to
distinguish between a corporation and a natural person
who is alleged to have violated the law of nations under
the ATS. As explained above, international law provides
no such reason. See Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 175 (Leval, J.,
concurring in judgment) ("[T]he answer international law
furnishes is that it takes no position on the question").
Nor does domestic law. The text, history, and purpose of
the ATS plainly support the conclusion that corporations
may be held liable.
Beginning "with the language of the statute itself,"
United States v. Ron Pair Enterprises, Inc., Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

241 (1989), two aspects of the text of the ATS make clear
that the statute allows corporate liability. First, the text
confers jurisdiction on federal district courts to hear "civil
action[s]" for "tort[s]." 28 U. S. C.. Where Congress
uses a term of art like tort, "it presumably knows and
adopts the cluster of ideas that were attached to [the]
borrowed word in the body of learning from which it was
taken and the meaning its use will convey to the judicial
mind unless otherwise instructed." Morissette v. United
States, (1952).
Corporations have long been held liable in tort under
the federal common law. See Philadelphia, W., & B. R.
Co. v. Quigley, 21 How. 202, 210 (1859) ("At a very early
period, it was decided in Great Britain, as well as in the
United States, that actions might be maintained against
corporations for torts; and instances may be found, in the
judicial annals of both countries, of suits for torts arising
from the acts of their agents, of nearly every variety");
Chestnut Hill & Spring House Turnpike Co. v. Rutter, 4
Serg. & Rawle 6, 17 (Pa. 1818) ("[F]rom the earliest times
to the present, corporations have been held liable for
torts"). This Court "has assumed that, when Congress
creates a tort action, it legislates against a legal back­
ground of ordinary tort-related... rules and consequently
intends its legislation to incorporate those rules." Meyer v.
Holley, (2003). The presumption, then,
is that, in providing for "tort" liability, the ATS provides
for corporate liability.
Second, whereas the ATS expressly limits the class of
permissible plaintiffs to "alien[s],", it "does not
distinguish among classes of defendants," Argentine Re-
public v. Amerada Hess Shipping Corp., 
(1989). That silence as to defendants cannot be presumed
to be inadvertent. That is because in the same section of
the Judiciary Act of 1789 as what is now the ATS, Con­
gress provided the federal district courts with jurisdiction
14 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

over "all suits against consuls or vice-consuls.", 1 Stat.
76 -- 77. Where Congress wanted to limit the range of
permissible defendants, then, it clearly knew how to do so.
Russello v. United States, (1983) ("[W]here
Congress includes particular language in one section of a
statute but omits it in another section of the same Act, it
is generally presumed that Congress acts intentionally
and purposely in the disparate inclusion or exclusion"
).
Nothing about the historical background against which
the ATS was enacted rebuts the presumption that the
statute incorporated the accepted principle of corporate
liability for tortious conduct. Under the Articles of Con­
federation, the Continental Congress was unable to pro­
vide redress to foreign citizens for violations of treaties or
the law of nations, which threatened to undermine the
United States' relationships with other nations. See
Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 123. The First Congress responded
with, inter alia, the ATS. Although the two incidents that
highlighted the need to provide foreign citizens with a
federal forum in which to pursue their grievances involved
conflicts between natural persons, see ante, at 7 (majority
opinion) (describing the assault by a French adventurer on
the Secretary of the French Legation and the arrest of one
of the Dutch Ambassador's servants by a New York con­
stable), there is "no reason to conclude that the First
Congress was supremely concerned with the risk that
natural persons would cause the United States to be
drawn into foreign entanglements, but was content to
allow formal legal associations of individuals, i.e., corpora­
tions, to do so," Doe v. Exxon Mobil Corp., 654 F. 3d 11, 47
(CADC 2011), vacated on other grounds, 527 Fed. Appx. 7
(CADC 2013); see also Brief for United States as Amicus
Curiae 6 ("The ATS was enacted to ensure a private dam­
ages remedy for incidents with the potential for serious
diplomatic consequences, and Congress had no good rea­
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 15

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

son to limit the set of possible defendants in such actions
to potentially judgment-proof individuals"). Indeed, fore­
closing corporations from liability under the ATS would
have been at odds with the contemporaneous practice of
imposing liability for piracy on ships, juridical entities.
See, e.g., Skinner v. East India Co., 6 State Trials 710, 711
(1666); The Marianna Flora, 11 Wheat. 1, 40 -- 41 (1826);
Harmony v. United States, 2 How. 210, 233 (1844).
Finally, the conclusion that corporations may be held
liable under the ATS for violations of the law of nations is
not of recent vintage. More than a century ago, the Attor­
ney General acknowledged that corporations could be held
liable under the ATS. See 26 Op. Atty. Gen. 250, 252
(1907) (stating that citizens of Mexico could bring a claim
under the ATS against a corporation, the American Rio
Grande Land and Irrigation Company, for violating provi­
sions of a treaty between the United States and Mexico).
D
In his concurrence, JUSTICE GORSUCH urges courts to
exercise restraint in recognizing causes of action under the
ATS. But whether the ATS provides a cause of action for
violations of the norms against genocide, crimes against
humanity, and financing of terrorism is not the question
the parties have asked the Court to decide. I therefore see
no reason why it is necessary to delve into the propriety of
creating new causes of action. Nevertheless, because I
disagree with the premises on which the concurrence
relies, I offer two brief observations.
First, JUSTICE GORSUCH says it "pass[es] understand­
ing" why federal courts have exercised jurisdiction over
ATS claims raised by foreign plaintiffs against foreign
defendants for breaches of international norms. See ante,
at 1 (opinion concurring in part and concurring in judg­
ment). Modern ATS cases, however, are not being litigated
against a blank slate. The Court held in Sosa that Con­
16 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

gress authorized the federal courts to "recognize private
causes of action for certain torts in violation of the law of
nations," 542 U. S., at 724, so long as the underlying norm
had no "less definite content and acceptance among civi­
lized nations than the historical paradigms familiar when
was enacted," id., at 732. That holding was no mere
"suggestion," ante, at 2 (opinion of GORSUCH, J.), as this
Court has made clear. See Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 116 -- 117.
Given that the First Congress authorized suit for viola­
tions based on "the law of nations" and "treat[ies] of the
United States," 28 U. S. C., it is natural to conclude
that Congress intended the district courts to consider new
claims under the law of nations as that law and our Na­
tion's treaty obligations continued to develop. If Congress
intended to limit such cases to violations of safe conduct,
assaults against ambassadors, piracy, and -- as JUSTICE
GORSUCH suggests may have been the case -- " 'personal
injuries that US citizens inflicted upon aliens resulting in
less than $500 in damages,' " ante, at 10 ), it easily could have said
so. Instead, it granted the federal courts jurisdiction over
claims based on "the law of nations," a body of law that
Congress did not understand to be static. See United
States v. The La Jeune Eugenie, 26 F. Cas. 832, 846 (No.
15,551) (CC Mass. 1822) (Story, J.) ("What, therefore, the
law of nations is... may be considered as modified by
practice, or ascertained by the treaties of nations at differ­
ent periods. It does not follow... that because a principle
cannot be found settled by the consent or practice of na­
tions at one time, it is to be concluded, that at no subse­
quent period the principle can be considered as incorpo­
rated into the public code of nations").
The question for courts considering new ATS claims is,
"Who are today's pirates?" Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 129
(BREYER, J., concurring in judgment). Torturers and those
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 17

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

who commit genocide are now fairly viewed, like pirates,
as "common enemies of all mankind." Id., at 131. On remand, the Court of Ap­
peals would decide whether the financiers of terrorism are
the same. The fact that few norms have overcome Sosa's
high hurdle is strong evidence that the carefully consid­
ered standard set forth in that case is generating exactly
the kind of "judicial caution" the Court stressed as neces­
sary. See 542 U. S., at 725.
Second, the concurrence suggests that federal courts
may lack jurisdiction to entertain suits between aliens
based solely on a violation of the law of nations. It con­
tends that ATS suits between aliens fall under neither the
federal courts' diversity jurisdiction nor our federal ques­
tion jurisdiction. The Court was not unaware of this
argument when it decided Sosa. As noted, that case in­
volved an ATS suit brought by a citizen of Mexico against
a citizen of Mexico, and various amici argued that the
Court lacked Article III jurisdiction over such suits. See
Brief for National Foreign Trade Counsel et al. as Amici
Curiae in Sosa v. Alvarez-Machain, O. T. 2003, No. 03 -- 
339, pp. 24 -- 25; see also Brief for Washington Legal Foun­
dation et al. as Amici Curiae in No. 03 -- 339, pp. 14 -- 21.
The Court nonetheless proceeded to decide the case, which
it could not have done had it been concerned about its
Article III power to do so. See Arbaugh v. Y & H Corp.,
(2006). That decision forecloses the
argument the concurrence now makes, as Sosa authorized
courts to "recognize private claims under federal common
law for violations of " certain international law norms.
542 U. S., at 732 ; see also id., at 729 -- 
730 (explaining that, post-Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins, (1938), there are "limited enclaves in which federal
courts may derive from substantive law in a common law
way," including the law of nations, and that "it would be
unreasonable to assume that the First Congress would
18 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

have expected federal courts to lose all capacity to recog­
nize enforceable international norms simply because the
common law might lose some metaphysical cachet on the
road to modern realism"); Sarei v. Rio Tinto, 671 F. 3d
736, 749 -- 754 (CA9 2011) (en banc) (discussing Sosa and
concluding that federal courts have Article III jurisdiction
to hear ATS cases between aliens), vacated and remanded,
(2013) (remanding for further consideration
in light of Kiobel).
Sosa was correct as a legal matter. Moreover, our Na­
tion has an interest not only in providing a remedy when
our own citizens commit law of nations violations, but also
in preventing our Nation from serving as a safe harbor
for today's pirates. See Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 133 -- 134
(BREYER, J., concurring in judgment). To that end, Con­
gress has ratified treaties requiring the United States "to
punish or extradite offenders, even when the offense was
not committed... by a national." 1 Restatement,
Reporters' Note 1, at 255 -- 257; see Torture Convention,
Arts. 5, 7; Convention on the Prevention and Punishment
of Crimes Against Internationally Protected Persons,
Including Diplomatic Agents, Art. 3, Dec. 14, 1973, 28
U. S. T. 1975, T. I. A. S. No. 8532; Convention for the
Suppression of Unlawful Acts Against the Safety of Civil
Aviation, Sept. 23, 1971, 24 U. S. T. 565, T. I. A. S. No.
7570; Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Seizure
of Aircraft, Art. 4, Dec. 16, 1970, 22 U. S. T. 1641,
T. I. A. S. No. 7192; Geneva Convention Relative to the
Treatment of Prisoners of War, Art. 129, Aug. 12, 1949, 6
U. S. T. 3316, T. I. A. S. No. 3364. To the extent suits
against foreign defendants may lead to international
friction, that concern is better addressed under the pre­
sumption the Court established in Kiobel against extrater­
ritorial application of the ATS, see 569 U. S., at 124 -- 125,
than it is by relitigating settled precedent.
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 19

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

II
At its second step, Sosa cautions that courts should
consider whether permitting a case to proceed is an ap­
propriate exercise of judicial discretion in light of potential
foreign-policy implications. See 542 U. S., at 727 -- 728,
732 -- 733, 738. The plurality only assumes without decid­
ing that international law does not impose liability on
corporations, so it necessarily proceeds to Sosa's second
step. Here, too, its analysis is flawed.
A
Nothing about the corporate form in itself justifies
categorically foreclosing corporate liability in all ATS
actions. Each source of diplomatic friction that respond­
ent Arab Bank and the plurality identify can be addressed
with a tool more tailored to the source of the problem than
a blanket ban on corporate liability.
Arab Bank contends that foreign citizens should not be
able "to sue a Jordanian corporation in New York for
events taking place in the Middle East." Brief for Re­
spondent 42. The heart of that qualm was already ad­
dressed in Kiobel, which held that the presumption
against extraterritoriality applies to the ATS. 569 U. S.,
at 124. Only where the claims "touch and concern the
territory of the United States... with sufficient force" can
the presumption be displaced. Id., at 124 -- 125. "[M]ere
corporate presence" does not suffice. Id., at 125. Thus,
contrary to the majority's contention, "the relatively minor
connection between the terrorist attacks at issue in this
case and the alleged conduct in the United States" does
not "well illustrat[e] the perils of extending the scope of
ATS liability to foreign multinational corporations," ante,
at 25, but merely illustrates the risks of extending the
scope of ATS liability extraterritorially absent sufficient
connection to the United States.
Arab Bank also bemoans the unfairness of being sued
20 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

when others -- namely, the individuals and organizations
that carried out the terrorist attacks -- were "the direct
cause" of the harm petitioners here suffered. Brief for
Respondent 41. That complaint, though, is a critique of
the imposition of liability for financing terrorism, not an
argument that ATS suits against corporations generally
necessarily cause diplomatic tensions.
Arab Bank further expresses concern that ATS suits are
being filed against corporations in an effort to recover for
the bad acts of foreign governments or officials. See id., at
40. But the Bank's explanation of this problem reveals
that the true source of its grievance is the availability of
aiding and abetting liability. See ibid. ("[N]umerous ATS
suits have alleged that a corporation has aided or abetted
bad acts committed by a foreign government and its offi-
cials" (emphasis in original)); id., at 41 ("[A]iding and
abetting suits under the ATS have given plaintiffs 'a clear
means for effectively circumventing' critical limits on
foreign sovereign immunity" ). The plurality
too points to an aiding and abetting case to support its
contention that plaintiffs "use corporations as surrogate
defendants to challenge the conduct of foreign govern­
ments." Ante, at 21 (discussing Kiobel, in which plaintiffs
sought to hold a corporate defendant liable for " 'aiding
and abetting the Nigerian Government in committing' "
law-of-nations violations ). Yet
not all law-of-nations violations asserted against corpora­
tions are premised on aiding and abetting liability; it is
possible for a corporation to violate international-law
norms independent of a foreign state or foreign state
officials. In this respect, too, the Court's rule is ill fitted to
the problem identified.
Notably, even the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan does
not argue that there are foreign-policy tensions inherent
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 21

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

in suing a corporation generally. Instead, Jordan contends
that this particular suit is an affront to its sovereignty
because of its extraterritorial character and because of the
role that Arab Bank specifically plays in the Jordanian
economy. See Brief for Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan as
Amicus Curiae 6 -- 12.7
The majority also cites to instances in which other
foreign sovereigns have "appeared in this Court to note
[their] objections to ATS litigation," ante, at 26, but none
of those objections was about the availability of corporate
liability as a general matter. See Sosa, 542 U. S., at 733,
(noting argument of the European Commission that
"basic principles of international law require that before
asserting a claim in a foreign forum, the claimant must
have exhausted any remedies available in the domestic
legal system, and perhaps in other forums such as inter­
national claims tribunals"); ibid. (noting objections by
South Africa to "several class actions seeking damages
from various corporations alleged to have participated in,
or abetted, the regime of apartheid" on the basis that the
cases "interfere[d] with the policy embodied by its Truth
and Reconciliation Commission"); Brief for Federal Repub­
lic of Germany as Amicus Curiae in Kiobel v. Royal Dutch
Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No. 10 -- 1491, p. 1 ("The Federal
Republic of Germany has consistently maintained its
opposition to overly broad assertions of extraterritorial
civil jurisdiction arising out of aliens' claims against for­
eign defendants for alleged foreign activities that caused
injury on foreign soil"); Brief for Government of the United
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Jordan does argue that corporate liability is unavailable under the

ATS, but that argument is based on its view that there is no universally
recognized international-law norm of corporate liability, see Brief for
Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan as Amicus Curiae 12 -- 15, not a conten­
tion that corporate status alone presents foreign-policy concerns justify­
ing immunity for all corporations in all ATS suits irrespective of
circumstance.
22 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland et al. as
Amici Curiae in No. 10 -- 1491, p. 3 ("The Governments
remain deeply concerned about... suits by foreign plain­
tiffs against foreign defendants for conduct that entirely
took place in the territory of a foreign sovereign").
As the United States urged at oral argument, when
international friction arises, a court should respond with
the doctrine that speaks directly to the friction's source.
See Tr. of Oral. Arg. 28 (acknowledging that "ATS litiga­
tion in recent decades has raised international friction"
and explaining that "the way to deal with that friction is
with a doctrine that speaks directly to the international
entanglement... as those questions arise"). In addition to
the presumption against extraterritoriality, federal courts
have at their disposal a number of tools to address any
foreign-relations concerns that an ATS case may raise.
This Court has held that a federal court may exercise
personal jurisdiction over a foreign corporate defendant
only if the corporation is incorporated in the United
States, has its principal place of business or is otherwise
at home here, or if the activities giving rise to the lawsuit
occurred or had their impact here. See Daimler AG v.
Bauman, (2014). Courts also can dismiss
ATS suits for a plaintiff 's failure to exhaust the remedies
available in her domestic forum, on forum non conveniens
grounds, for reasons of international comity, or when
asked to do so by the State Department. See Kiobel, 569
U. S., at 133 (BREYER, J., concurring in judgment); Sosa,
542 U. S., at 733,.
Several of these doctrines might be implicated in this
case, and I would remand for the Second Circuit to ad­
dress them in the first instance.8 The majority, however,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 For instance, the alleged conduct might not sufficiently touch and

concern the United States to displace the presumption against extra­
territoriality; the prohibition on terrorism financing might not be a
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 23

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

prefers to use a sledgehammer to crack a nut. I see no
need for such an ill-fitting and disproportionate response.
Foreclosing foreign corporate liability in all ATS actions,
irrespective of circumstance or norm, is simply too broad a
response to case-specific concerns that can be addressed
via other means.9
B
1
The Court urges that "[t]he political branches, not the
Judiciary, have the responsibility and institutional capacity
to weigh foreign-policy concerns." Ante, at 19. I agree
that the political branches are well poised to assess the
foreign-policy concerns attending ATS litigation, which is
why I give significant weight to the fact that the Executive
Branch, in briefs signed by the Solicitor General and State
Department Legal Advisor, has twice urged the Court to
reach exactly the opposite conclusion of the one embraced
by the majority. See Brief for United States as Amicus
Curiae 5 ("This Court should vacate the decision below,
which rests on the mistaken premise that a federal common-
law claim under the ATS may never be brought against a
corporation"); Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae in
Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No. 10 -- 
1491, p. 7 ("Courts may recognize corporate liability in
actions under the ATS as a matter of federal common
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
specific, universal, and obligatory norm warranting recognition under
the ATS; and petitioners might not be able to prove the requisite mens
rea. In addition, petitioners have asserted direct, rather than vicarious,
liability against respondent. A suit based on only vicarious liability
may raise different questions not presented here.
9 The majority's overly blunt rule is also unlikely to resolve any foreign-

relations concerns at play in this case. Arab Bank is still being sued
under the Antiterrorism Act of 1990 for the exact same conduct as
alleged here. It is also hard to imagine that Jordan would have been
perfectly content to see the CEO of Arab Bank and high-level officials
at the New York branch sued under the ATS.
24 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

law.... Sosa's cautionary admonitions provide no reason
to depart from the common law on this issue"). At oral
argument in this case, the United States told the Court
that it saw no "sound reason to categorically exclude
corporate liability." Tr. of Oral Arg. 29. It explained that
another country would hold the United States accountable
for not providing a remedy against a corporate defendant
in a "classic" ATS case, such as one involving a "foreign
officia[l] injured in the United States," id., at 32 -- 33, and
suggested that foreclosing the ability to recover from a
corporation actually would raise "the possibility of fric­
tion," id., at 33. Notably, the Government's position that
categorically barring corporate liability under the ATS is
wrong has been consistent across two administrations led
by Presidents of different political parties.
Likewise, when Members of Congress have weighed in
on the question whether corporations can be proper de­
fendants in an ATS suit, it has been to advise the Court
against the rule it now adopts. See Brief for Sen. Sheldon
Whitehouse et al. as Amici Curiae 7 -- 11; Brief for Former
Sen. Arlen Specter et al. as Amici Curiae in Kiobel v.
Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., O. T. 2012, No. 10 -- 1491,
pp. 17 -- 18. Congress has also never seen it necessary to
immunize corporations from ATS liability even though
corporations have been named as defendants in ATS suits
for years. See Monessen Southwestern R. Co. v. Morgan,
(1988) ("Congress' failure to disturb
a consistent judicial interpretation of a statute may pro­
vide some indication that 'Congress at least acquiesces in,
and apparently affirms, that [interpretation]' " )).
Given the deference to the political branches that Sosa
encourages, I find it puzzling that the Court so eagerly
departs from the express assessment of the Executive
Branch and Members of Congress that corporations can be
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 25

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

defendants in ATS actions.
2
The plurality instead purports to defer to Congress by
relying heavily on the Torture Victim Protection Act of
1991 (TVPA), 106 Stat. 73, note following 28 U. S. C., to support its categorical bar. See ante, at 20. The
TVPA makes available to all individuals, not just foreign
citizens, a civil cause of action for torture and extrajudicial
killing that may be brought against natural persons. See
Mohamad v. Palestinian Authority, -- 
452, 454 (2012). The plurality extrapolates from Congress'
decision regarding the scope of liability under the TVPA a
rule that it contends should govern all ATS suits. See
ante, at 20. But there is no reason to think that because
Congress saw fit to permit suits only against natural
persons for two specific law-of-nations violations, Congress
meant to foreclose corporate liability for all law-of-nations
violations. The plurality's contrary conclusion ignores the
critical textual differences between the ATS and TVPA, as
well as the TVPA's legislative history, which emphasizes
Congress' intent to leave the ATS undisturbed.
On its face, the TVPA is different from the ATS in sev­
eral significant ways: It is focused on only two law-of­
nations violations, torture and extrajudicial killing; it
makes a cause of action available to all individuals, not
just foreign citizens; and it uses the word "individual" to
delineate who may be liable. See 28 U. S. C. note.
The ATS, by contrast, is concerned with all law-of-nations
violations generally, makes a cause of action available
only to foreign citizens, and is silent as to who may be
liable. Because of the textual differences between the two
statutes, the Court unanimously concluded in Mohamad
that the ATS "offers no comparative value" in ascertaining
the scope of liability under the TVPA. 566 U. S., at 458.
It makes little sense, then, to conclude that the TVPA has
26 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

dispositive comparative value in discerning the scope of
liability under the ATS.
Furthermore, Congress repeatedly emphasized in the
House and Senate Reports on the TVPA that the statute
was meant to supplement the ATS, not replace or cabin it.
See H. R. Rep. No. 102 -- 367, pt. 1, p. 3 (1991) ("Section
1350 has other important uses and should not be replaced.
There should also, however, be a clear and specific rem­
edy, not limited to aliens, for torture and extrajudicial
killing"); id., at 4 ("The TVPA... would also enhance the
remedy already available under section 1350 in an im­
portant respect: While the [ATS] provides a remedy to
aliens only, the TVPA would extend a civil remedy also to
U. S. citizens who may have been tortured abroad"); ibid.
("[C]laims based on torture or summary executions do not
exhaust the list of actions that may appropriately be
covered b[y] section 1350. That statute should remain
intact to permit suits based on other norms that already
exist or may ripen in the future into rules of customary
international law"); S. Rep. No. 102 -- 249, pp. 4 -- 5 (1991);
see also Sosa, 542 U. S., at 731 (explaining that the TVPA
"supplement[ed] the judicial determination" in Filartiga).
Lacking any affirmative evidence that Congress' deci­
sion to limit liability under the TVPA to natural persons
indicates a legislative judgment about the proper scope of
liability in all ATS suits, the plurality focuses its efforts on
dismissing petitioners' argument that Congress limited
TVPA liability to natural persons to harmonize the statute
with the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976
(FSIA), which generally immunizes foreign states from
suit. See ante, at 21.10 Contrary to the plurality's conten­
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 The TVPA requires state action to trigger liability. See 28 U. S. C.

note (imposing liability on "[a]n individual who, under actual or
apparent authority, or color of law, of any foreign nation" subjects an
individual to torture or extrajudicial killing). Absent a limitation on
suits against states and state entities, the TVPA arguably would have
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 27

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

tion, however, this Court did not reject petitioners' account
of the TVPA's legislative history in Mohamad. In fact,
that decision agreed that the legislative history "clarifi[es]
that the Act does not encompass liability against foreign
states." 566 U. S., at 459. What Mohamad rejected was
the argument that because the TVPA forecloses liability
against foreign states, it necessarily permits liability
against corporations. In concluding that the TVPA
encompasses only natural persons, Mohamad took no
position on why Congress excluded organizations from its
reach.11
To infer from the TVPA that no corporation may ever
be held liable under the ATS for any violation of any
international-law norm, moreover, ignores that Congress
has elsewhere imposed liability on corporations for conduct
prohibited by customary international law. For instance,
the Antiterrorism Act of 1990 (ATA) created a civil cause
of action for U. S. nationals injured by an act of interna­
tional terrorism and expressly provides for corporate
liability. 18 U. S. C.. That Congress foreclosed
corporate liability for torture and extrajudicial killing
claims under the TVPA but permitted corporate liability
for terrorism-related claims under the ATA is strong
evidence that Congress exercises its judgment as to the
appropriateness of corporate liability on a norm-by-norm
basis, and that courts should do the same when consider­
ing whether to permit causes of action against corpora­

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
been in conflict with the FSIA.
11 Petitioners may be right that Congress limited liability under the

TVPA to natural persons to harmonize the statute with the FSIA. That
Congress thought it necessary to achieve that goal by foreclosing
liability against all organizational defendants, not just those operating
under the authority of a foreign government, might indicate that
Congress thought such line drawing would be difficult, or that an
expansive approach was the cleanest way to avoid the statute becoming
a backdoor to suits against foreign governments.
28 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

tions for law-of-nations violations under the ATS.
The plurality dismisses the ATA as "an inapt analogy"
because the ATA "provides a cause of action only to 'na­
tional[s] of the United States,' " whereas the ATS "provides
a remedy for foreign nationals only." Ante, at 22 ). But if encompassing different
groups of plaintiffs is what makes two statutes poor com­
parators for each other, the TVPA, too, is an inapt analogy,
for it permits suits by all individuals, U. S. and foreign
nationals alike.
The plurality also posits that the ATA "suggests that
there should be no common-law action under the ATS for
allegations like petitioners'," ante, at 22, because permit­
ting such suits would allow foreign plaintiffs to "bypass
Congress' express limitations on liability under the [ATA]
simply by bringing an ATS lawsuit," ibid. Yet an ATS suit
alleging terrorism-related conduct does not "bypass" or
"displace" any "statutory and regulatory structure," ibid.,
any more than an ATA suit does. As this case demon­
strates, U. S. nationals and foreign citizens may bring
ATA and ATS suits in the same court, at the same time,
for the same underlying conduct. To the extent the plural­
ity is suggesting that Congress, in enacting the ATA,
meant to foreclose ATS suits based on terrorism financing,
the plurality offers no evidence to support that hypothesis,
and the legislative history suggests that Congress enacted
the ATA to provide U. S. citizens with the same remedy
already available to foreign citizens under the ATS. See
Hearing on S. 2465 before the Subcommittee on Courts
and Administrative Practice of the Senate Committee on
the Judiciary, 101st Cong., 1st Sess., 90 (1990) (testimony
of Joseph A. Morris) (noting that ATS actions for terrorism
"would be preserved").
At bottom, the ATS and TVPA are related but distinct
statutes that coexist independently. There is no basis to
conclude that the considered judgment Congress made
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 29

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

about who should be liable under the TVPA for torture
and extrajudicial killing should restrict who can be held
liable under the ATS for other law-of-nations violations,
particularly where Congress made a different judgment
about the scope of liability under the ATA for terrorism.
C
Finally, the plurality offers a set of "[o]ther considera­
tions relevant to the exercise of judicial discretion" that it
concludes "counsel against allowing liability under the
ATS for foreign corporations." Ante, at 23. None is
persuasive.
First, the plurality asserts that "[i]t has not been shown
that corporate liability under the ATS is essential to serve
the goals of the statute" because "the ATS will seldom be
the only way for plaintiffs to hold the perpetrators liable,"
and because "plaintiffs still can sue the individual corpo­
rate employees responsible for a violation of international
law under the ATS." Ibid. This Court has never previously
required that, to maintain an ATS action, a plaintiff must
show that the ATS is the exclusive means by which to hold
the alleged perpetrator liable and that no relief can be had
from other parties. Such requirements extend far beyond
the inquiry Sosa contemplated and are without any basis
in the statutory text.
Moreover, even if there are other grounds on which a
suit alleging conduct constituting a law-of-nations viola­
tion can be brought, such as a state-law tort claim, the
First Congress created the ATS because it wanted foreign
plaintiffs to be able to bring their claims in federal court
and sue for law-of-nations violations. A suit for state-law
battery, even if based on the same alleged conduct, is not
the equivalent of a federal suit for torture; the latter con­
tributes to the uptake of international human rights
30 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

norms, and the former does not.12
Furthermore, holding corporations accountable for
violating the human rights of foreign citizens when those
violations touch and concern the United States may well
be necessary to avoid the international tension with which
the First Congress was concerned. Consider again the
assault on the Secretary of the French Legation in Phila­
delphia by a French adventurer. See supra, at 14; ante, at
7 (majority opinion). Would the diplomatic strife that
followed really have been any less charged if a corporation
had sent its agent to accost the Secretary? Or, consider
piracy. If a corporation owned a fleet of vessels and di­
rected them to seize other ships in U. S. waters, there no
doubt would be calls to hold the corporation to account.
See Kiobel, 621 F. 3d, at 156, and (observing that
"Somali pirates essentially operate as limited partner­
ships"). Finally, take, for example, a corporation posing as
a job-placement agency that actually traffics in persons,
forcibly transporting foreign nationals to the United
States for exploitation and profiting from their abuse. Not
only are the individual employees of that business less
likely to be able fully to compensate successful ATS plain­
tiffs, but holding only individual employees liable does not
impose accountability for the institution-wide disregard
for human rights. Absent a corporate sanction, that harm
will persist unremedied. Immunizing the corporation from
suit under the ATS merely because it is a corporation,
even though the violations stemmed directly from corpo­
rate policy and practice, might cause serious diplomatic
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
12 Counsel for Arab Bank acknowledged the symbolic force of ATS

liability at oral argument. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 60 ("[T]he idea of the
ATS is... not just that you violated a statute, but that you have
violated some specific universal obligatory norm so you are essentially
an enemy of mankind. So, as much as my clients would not like to be
an ATA defendant, they would really, really, really not like to be...
labeled an enemy of mankind").
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 31

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

friction.13
Second, the plurality expresses concern that if foreign
corporations are subject to liability under the ATS, other
nations could hale American corporations into court and
subject them "to an immediate, constant risk of claims
seeking to impose massive liability for the alleged conduct
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 JUSTICE ALITO, adopting a more absolutist position than the plurality,
asserts without qualification that "federal courts should not create
causes of action under the ATS against foreign corporate defendants"
because doing so "would precipitate... diplomatic strife." Ante, at 1, 4
(opinion concurring in part and concurring in judgment). The conclu­
sion that ATS suits against foreign corporate defendants for law-of­
nations and treaty violations always will cause diplomatic friction, and
that such suits will never be necessary "to help the United States avoid
diplomatic friction," ante, at 4, however, is at odds with the considered
judgment of the Executive Branch and Congress regarding the im­
portance of holding foreign corporations to account for certain egregious
conduct. As noted, see Part II -- B -- 1, supra, the Executive Branch has
twice urged the Court not to foreclose the ability of foreign nationals to
sue foreign corporate defendants under the ATS. The United States
also has ratified several international agreements that require it to
impose liability on corporations, both foreign and domestic, for certain
actions, including the financing of terrorism. See supra, at 10 -- 11.
Congress, too, has expressly authorized civil suits against corporations
for acts related to terrorism. See 18 U. S. C.. The Executive
Branch and Congress surely would not have taken these positions,
entered into these obligations, or made available these causes of action
if the result were intolerable diplomatic strife.
JUSTICE ALITO also faults the lack of "real-world examples" of in­
stances in which diplomatic friction has resulted from a court's refusal
to permit an individual to bring an ATS suit against a foreign corpora­
tion solely because of the defendant's status as a foreign juridical
entity. Ante, at 6. Such refusals, though, have been rare, as no other
Court of Appeals besides the Second Circuit that has considered the
question has imposed a bar on corporate liability. Compare Doe v.
Drummond Co., 782 F. 3d 576, 584 (CA11 2015); Doe I v. Nestle USA,
Inc., 766 F. 3d 1013, 1022 (CA9 2014); Doe v. Exxon Mobil Corp., 654
F. 3d 11, 39 -- 57 (CADC 2011), vacated on other grounds, 527 Fed. Appx.
7 (CADC 2013); Flomo v. Firestone Nat. Rubber Co., 643 F. 3d 1013,
1017 -- 1021 (CA7 2011), with Kiobel v. Royal Dutch Petroleum, 621 F. 3d
111, 120 (CA2 2010).
32 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

of their employees and subsidiaries around the world," a
prospect that will deter American corporations from in­
vesting in developing economies. Ante, at 24. The plurality
offers no empirical evidence to support these alarmist
conjectures, which is especially telling given that plaintiffs
have been filing ATS suits against foreign corporations in
United States courts for years. It does cite to an amicus
brief for the United States in American Isuzu Motors, Inc.
v. Ntsebeza, see ante, at 24, but that case was concerned
with the availability of civil aiding and abetting liability,
not corporate liability generally, and the United States
never contended that permitting corporate liability under
the ATS would undermine global investment. Instead, it
argued that permitting extraterritorial aiding and abet­
ting cases would interfere with foreign relations and deter
"the free flow of trade and investment." See Brief for
United States as Amicus Curiae, O. T. 2007, No. 07 -- 919,
pp. 12 -- 16, 20. Driven by hypothetical worry about
besieged American corporations, today's decision needlessly
goes much further, encompassing all ATS suits against all
foreign corporations, not just those cases with extraterri­
torial dimensions premised on an aiding and abetting
theory.
* * *
In sum, international law establishes what conduct
violates the law of nations, and specifies whether, to con­
stitute a law-of-nations violation, the alleged conduct must
be undertaken by a particular type of actor. But it is
federal common law that determines whether corporations
may, as a general matter, be held liable in tort for law-of­
nations violations. Applying that framework here, I would
hold that the ATS does not categorically foreclose corpo­
rate liability. Tort actions against corporations have long
been available under federal common law. Whatever the
majority might think of the value of modern-day ATS
 Cite as: 584 U. S. ____ (2018) 33

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

litigation, it has identified nothing to support its conclu­
sion that "foreign corporate defendants create unique
problems" that necessitate a categorical rule barring all
foreign corporate liability. Ante, at 26.
Absent any reason to believe that the corporate form in
itself raises serious foreign-policy concerns, and given the
repeated urging from the Executive Branch and Members
of Congress that the Court need not and should not fore­
close corporate liability, I would reverse the decision of the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit and remand for
further proceedings, including whether the allegations
here sufficiently touch and concern the United States, see
Kiobel, 569 U. S., at 124 -- 125, and whether the international-
law norms alleged to have been violated by Arab Bank -- 
the prohibitions on genocide, crimes against humanity,
and financing of terrorism -- are of sufficiently definite
content and universal acceptance to give rise to a cause of
action under the ATS.
III
In categorically barring all suits against foreign corpora­
tions under the ATS, the Court ensures that foreign corpo­
rations -- entities capable of wrongdoing under our domes­
tic law -- remain immune from liability for human rights
abuses, however egregious they may be.
Corporations can be and often are a force for innovation
and growth. Many of their contributions to society should
be celebrated. But the unique power that corporations
wield can be used both for good and for bad. Just as cor­
porations can increase the capacity for production, so, too,
some can increase the capacity for suffering. Consider the
genocide that took upwards of 800,000 lives in Rwanda in
1994, which was fueled by incendiary rhetoric delivered
via a private radio station, the Radio Télévision Libre des
Mille Collines (RTLM). Men spoke the hateful words, but
34 JESNER v. ARAB BANK, PLC

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the RTLM made their widespread influence possible.14
There can be, and sometimes is, a profit motive for these
types of abuses. Although the market does not price all
externalities, the law does. We recognize as much when
we permit a civil suit to proceed against a paint company
that long knew its product contained lead yet continued to
sell it to families, or against an oil company that failed to
undertake the requisite safety checks on a pipeline that
subsequently burst. There is no reason why a different
approach should obtain in the human rights context.
Immunizing corporations that violate human rights
from liability under the ATS undermines the system of
accountability for law-of-nations violations that the First
Congress endeavored to impose. It allows these entities to
take advantage of the significant benefits of the corporate
form and enjoy fundamental rights, see, e.g., Citizens
United v. Federal Election Comm'n, (2010);
Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, Inc., 573 U. S. ___ (2014),
without having to shoulder attendant fundamental
responsibilities.
I respectfully dissent.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 See, e.g., Nahimana v. Prosecutor, Case No. ICTR 99 -- 52 -- A, Ap­
peals Judgment ¶176 (Nov. 28, 2007) (upholding finding that the RTLM
Collines broadcasts "contributed substantially to the killing of Tutsi");
G. Prunier, The Rwanda Crisis: History of a Genocide 224 (2d ed. 1999)
(detailing incitements to murder broadcast on the RTLM, including:
" 'The graves are not yet full. Who is going to do the good work and
help us fill them completely' "); Yanagizawa-Drott, Propaganda and
Conflict: Evidence From the Rwandan Genocide, 129 Q. J. Econ. 1947,
1950 (2014) (analyzing village-level data from Rwanda to estimate that
the RTLM's transmissions caused 10 percent of the total participation
in the genocide).

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
In 2008, North Carolina enacted a statute making it a
felony for a registered sex offender to gain access to a
number of websites, including commonplace social media
websites like Facebook and Twitter. The question pre-
sented is whether that law is permissible under the First
Amendment's Free Speech Clause, applicable to the
States under the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth
Amendment.
I

A

North Carolina law makes it a felony for a registered
sex offender "to access a commercial social networking
Web site where the sex offender knows that the site per-
mits minor children to become members or to create or
maintain personal Web pages." N. C. Gen. Stat. Ann.
-- 202.5(a), (e) (2015). A "commercial social network-
ing Web site" is defined as a website that meets four crite-
ria. First, it "[i]s operated by a person who derives reve-
nue from membership fees, advertising, or other sources
related to the operation of the Web site." -- 202.5(b).
2 PACKINGHAM v. NORTH CAROLINA

Opinion of the Court

Second, it "[f]acilitates the social introduction between two
or more persons for the purposes of friendship, meeting
other persons, or information exchanges." Ibid. Third, it
"[a]llows users to create Web pages or personal profiles
that contain information such as the name or nickname of
the user, photographs placed on the personal Web page by
the user, other personal information about the user, and
links to other personal Web pages on the commercial
social networking Web site of friends or associates of the
user that may be accessed by other users or visitors to the
Web site." Ibid. And fourth, it "[p]rovides users or visitors... mechanisms to communicate with other users, such as
a message board, chat room, electronic mail, or instant
messenger." Ibid.
The statute includes two express exemptions. The
statutory bar does not extend to websites that "[p]rovid[e]
only one of the following discrete services: photo-sharing,
electronic mail, instant messenger, or chat room or mes-
sage board platform." -- 202.5(c)(1). The law also does
not encompass websites that have as their "primary pur-
pose the facilitation of commercial transactions involving
goods or services between [their] members or visitors."
-- 202.5(c)(2).
According to sources cited to the Court, -- 202.5 ap-
plies to about 20,000 people in North Carolina and the
State has prosecuted over 1,000 people for violating it.
Brief for Petitioner 6 -- 8.
B
In 2002, petitioner Lester Gerard Packingham -- then a
21-year-old college student -- had sex with a 13-year-old
girl. He pleaded guilty to taking indecent liberties with a
child. Because this crime qualifies as "an offense against
a minor," petitioner was required to register as a sex
offender -- a status that can endure for 30 years or more.
See -- 208.6A; see -- 208.7(a). As a registered sex
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

Opinion of the Court

offender, petitioner was barred under -- 202.5 from
gaining access to commercial social networking sites.
In 2010, a state court dismissed a traffic ticket against
petitioner. In response, he logged on to Facebook.com and
posted the following statement on his personal profile:
"Man God is Good! How about I got so much favor
they dismissed the ticket before court even started?
No fine, no court cost, no nothing spent......Praise
be to GOD, WOW! Thanks JESUS!" App. 136.
At the time, a member of the Durham Police Depart-
ment was investigating registered sex offenders who were
thought to be violating -- 202.5. The officer noticed that
a " 'J. R. Gerrard' " had posted the statement quoted above.
368 N. C. 380, 381, 777 S. E. 2d 738, 742 (2015). By check-
ing court records, the officer discovered that a traffic
citation for petitioner had been dismissed around the time
of the post. Evidence obtained by search warrant con-
firmed the officer's suspicions that petitioner was J. R.
Gerrard.
Petitioner was indicted by a grand jury for violating
-- 202.5. The trial court denied his motion to dismiss
the indictment on the grounds that the charge against him
violated the First Amendment. Petitioner was ultimately
convicted and given a suspended prison sentence. At no
point during trial or sentencing did the State allege that
petitioner contacted a minor -- or committed any other
illicit act -- on the Internet.
Petitioner appealed to the Court of Appeals of North
Carolina. That court struck down -- 202.5 on First
Amendment grounds, explaining that the law is not nar-
rowly tailored to serve the State's legitimate interest in
protecting minors from sexual abuse. 229 N. C. App. 293,
304, 748 S. E. 2d 146, 154 (2013). Rather, the law "arbi-
trarily burdens all registered sex offenders by preventing
a wide range of communication and expressive activity
4 PACKINGHAM v. NORTH CAROLINA

Opinion of the Court

unrelated to achieving its purported goal." Ibid. The
North Carolina Supreme Court reversed, concluding that
the law is "constitutional in all respects." 368 N. C., at
381, 777 S. E. 2d, at 741. Among other things, the court
explained that the law is "carefully tailored... to prohibit
registered sex offenders from accessing only those Web
sites that allow them the opportunity to gather infor-
mation about minors." Id., at 389, 777 S. E. 2d, at 747.
The court also held that the law leaves open adequate
alternative means of communication because it permits
petitioner to gain access to websites that the court be-
lieved perform the "same or similar" functions as social
media, such as the Paula Deen Network and the website
for the local NBC affiliate. Id., at 390, 777 S. E. 2d, at
747. Two justices dissented. They stated that the law
impermissibly "creates a criminal prohibition of alarming
breadth and extends well beyond the evils the State seeks
to combat." Id., at 401, 777 S. E. 2d, at 754 (opinion of
Hudson, J.) (alteration, citation, and internal quotation
marks omitted).
The Court granted certiorari, 580 U. S. ___ (2016), and
now reverses.
II
A fundamental principle of the First Amendment is that
all persons have access to places where they can speak
and listen, and then, after reflection, speak and listen once
more. The Court has sought to protect the right to speak
in this spatial context. A basic rule, for example, is that a
street or a park is a quintessential forum for the exercise
of First Amendment rights. See Ward v. Rock Against
Racism, (1989). Even in the modern
era, these places are still essential venues for public gath-
erings to celebrate some views, to protest others, or simply
to learn and inquire.
While in the past there may have been difficulty in
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

Opinion of the Court

identifying the most important places (in a spatial sense)
for the exchange of views, today the answer is clear. It is
cyberspace -- the "vast democratic forums of the Internet"
in general, Reno v. American Civil Liberties Union, (1997), and social media in particular.
Seven in ten American adults use at least one Internet
social networking service. Brief for Electronic Frontier
Foundation et al. as Amici Curiae 5 -- 6. One of the most
popular of these sites is Facebook, the site used by peti-
tioner leading to his conviction in this case. According to
sources cited to the Court in this case, Facebook has 1.79
billion active users. Id., at 6. This is about three times
the population of North America.
Social media offers "relatively unlimited, low-cost capac-
ity for communication of all kinds." Reno, supra, at 870.
On Facebook, for example, users can debate religion and
politics with their friends and neighbors or share vacation
photos. On LinkedIn, users can look for work, advertise
for employees, or review tips on entrepreneurship. And on
Twitter, users can petition their elected representatives
and otherwise engage with them in a direct manner.
Indeed, Governors in all 50 States and almost every Mem-
ber of Congress have set up accounts for this purpose. See
Brief for Electronic Frontier Foundation 15 -- 16. In short,
social media users employ these websites to engage in a
wide array of protected First Amendment activity on
topics "as diverse as human thought." Reno, supra, at 870.
The nature of a revolution in thought can be that, in its
early stages, even its participants may be unaware of it.
And when awareness comes, they still may be unable to
know or foresee where its changes lead. Cf. D. Hawke,
Benjamin Rush: Revolutionary Gadfly 341 (1971). So too here. While we now may be coming to
the realization that the Cyber Age is a revolution of historic
proportions, we cannot appreciate yet its full dimensions
and vast potential to alter how we think, express our-
selves, and define who we want to be. The forces and
directions of the Internet are so new, so protean, and so
far reaching that courts must be conscious that what they
say today might be obsolete tomorrow.
This case is one of the first this Court has taken to
address the relationship between the First Amendment
and the modern Internet. As a result, the Court must
exercise extreme caution before suggesting that the First
Amendment provides scant protection for access to vast
networks in that medium.
III
This background informs the analysis of the North
Carolina statute at issue. Even making the assumption
that the statute is content neutral and thus subject to
intermediate scrutiny, the provision cannot stand. In
order to survive intermediate scrutiny, a law must be
"narrowly tailored to serve a significant governmental
interest." McCullen v. Coakley, 573 U. S. ___, ___ (2014). In
other words, the law must not "burden substantially more
speech than is necessary to further the government's
legitimate interests." Id., at ___.
For centuries now, inventions heralded as advances in
human progress have been exploited by the criminal mind.
New technologies, all too soon, can become instruments
used to commit serious crimes. The railroad is one exam-
ple, see M. Crichton, The Great Train Robbery, p. xv
(1975), and the telephone another, see 18 U. S. C..
So it will be with the Internet and social media.
There is also no doubt that, as this Court has recog-
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 7

Opinion of the Court

nized, "[t]he sexual abuse of a child is a most serious crime
and an act repugnant to the moral instincts of a decent
people." Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coalition, (2002). And it is clear that a legislature "may pass
valid laws to protect children" and other victims of sexual
assault "from abuse." See id., at 245; accord, New York v.
Ferber, (1982). The government, of
course, need not simply stand by and allow these evils to
occur. But the assertion of a valid governmental interest
"cannot, in every context, be insulated from all constitu-
tional protections." Stanley v. Georgia, 
(1969).
It is necessary to make two assumptions to resolve this
case. First, given the broad wording of the North Carolina
statute at issue, it might well bar access not only to com-
monplace social media websites but also to websites
as varied as Amazon.com, Washingtonpost.com, and
Webmd.com. See post, at 6 -- 9; see also Brief for Electronic
Frontier Foundation 24 -- 27; Brief for Cato Institute et al.
as Amici Curiae 10 -- 12, and. The Court need not
decide the precise scope of the statute. It is enough to
assume that the law applies (as the State concedes it does)
to social networking sites "as commonly understood" -- that
is, websites like Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter. See
Brief for Respondent 54; Tr. of Oral Arg. 27.
Second, this opinion should not be interpreted as bar-
ring a State from enacting more specific laws than the one
at issue. Specific criminal acts are not protected speech
even if speech is the means for their commission. See
Brandenburg v. Ohio, -- 449 (1969) ( per
curiam). Though the issue is not before the Court, it can
be assumed that the First Amendment permits a State to
enact specific, narrowly tailored laws that prohibit a sex
offender from engaging in conduct that often presages a
sexual crime, like contacting a minor or using a website to
gather information about a minor. Cf. Brief for Respond-
8 PACKINGHAM v. NORTH CAROLINA

Opinion of the Court

ent 42 -- 43. Specific laws of that type must be the State's
first resort to ward off the serious harm that sexual crimes
inflict. (Of importance, the troubling fact that the law
imposes severe restrictions on persons who already have
served their sentence and are no longer subject to the
supervision of the criminal justice system is also not an
issue before the Court.)
Even with these assumptions about the scope of the law
and the State's interest, the statute here enacts a prohibi-
tion unprecedented in the scope of First Amendment
speech it burdens. Social media allows users to gain
access to information and communicate with one another
about it on any subject that might come to mind. Supra,
at 5. By prohibiting sex offenders from using those web-
sites, North Carolina with one broad stroke bars access to
what for many are the principal sources for knowing cur-
rent events, checking ads for employment, speaking and
listening in the modern public square, and otherwise
exploring the vast realms of human thought and
knowledge. These websites can provide perhaps the most
powerful mechanisms available to a private citizen to
make his or her voice heard. They allow a person with an
Internet connection to "become a town crier with a voice
that resonates farther than it could from any soapbox."
Reno, 521 U. S., at 870.
In sum, to foreclose access to social media altogether is
to prevent the user from engaging in the legitimate exer-
cise of First Amendment rights. It is unsettling to suggest
that only a limited set of websites can be used even by
persons who have completed their sentences. Even con-
victed criminals -- and in some instances especially con-
victed criminals -- might receive legitimate benefits from
these means for access to the world of ideas, in particular
if they seek to reform and to pursue lawful and rewarding
lives.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 9

Opinion of the Court

IV
The primary response from the State is that the law
must be this broad to serve its preventative purpose of
keeping convicted sex offenders away from vulnerable
victims. The State has not, however, met its burden to
show that this sweeping law is necessary or legitimate to
serve that purpose. See McCullen, 573 U. S., at ___.
It is instructive that no case or holding of this Court has
approved of a statute as broad in its reach. The closest
analogy that the State has cited is Burson v. Freeman, (1992). There, the Court upheld a prohibition on
campaigning within 100 feet of a polling place. That case
gives little or no support to the State. The law in Burson
was a limited restriction that, in a context consistent with
constitutional tradition, was enacted to protect another
fundamental right -- the right to vote. The restrictions
there were far less onerous than those the State seeks to
impose here. The law in Burson meant only that the last
few seconds before voters entered a polling place were
"their own, as free from interference as possible." Id., at
210. And the Court noted that, were the buffer zone larger
than 100 feet, it "could effectively become an impermissi-
ble burden" under the First Amendment. Ibid.
The better analogy to this case is Board of Airport
Comm'rs of Los Angeles v. Jews for Jesus, Inc., (1987), where the Court struck down an ordinance
prohibiting any "First Amendment activities" at Los Ange-
les International Airport because the ordinance covered all
manner of protected, nondisruptive behavior including
"talking and reading, or the wearing of campaign buttons
or symbolic clothing," id., at 571, 575. If a law prohibiting
"all protected expression" at a single airport is not consti-
tutional, id., at 574 (emphasis deleted), it follows with
even greater force that the State may not enact this com-
plete bar to the exercise of First Amendment rights on
10 PACKINGHAM v. NORTH CAROLINA

Opinion of the Court

websites integral to the fabric of our modern society and
culture.
* * *
It is well established that, as a general rule, the Gov-
ernment "may not suppress lawful speech as the means to
suppress unlawful speech." Ashcroft v. Free Speech Coali-
tion, 535 U. S., at 255. That is what North Carolina has
done here. Its law must be held invalid.
The judgment of the North Carolina Supreme Court is
reversed, and the case is remanded for further proceedings
not inconsistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
JUSTICE GORSUCH took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

ALITO,Opinion of the in
J., concurring Court
judgment
NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the
preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to
notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Wash-
ington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other formal errors, in order
that corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 15 -- 1194
_________________

LESTER GERARD PACKINGHAM, PETITIONER v.

NORTH CAROLINA

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME COURT OF 

NORTH CAROLINA

[June 19, 2017] 

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom THE CHIEF JUSTICE and
JUSTICE THOMAS join, concurring in the judgment.
The North Carolina statute at issue in this case was
enacted to serve an interest of "surpassing importance."
New York v. Ferber, (1982) -- but it has
a staggering reach. It makes it a felony for a registered
sex offender simply to visit a vast array of websites, in-
cluding many that appear to provide no realistic oppor-
tunity for communications that could facilitate the abuse
of children. Because of the law's extraordinary breadth, I
agree with the Court that it violates the Free Speech
Clause of the First Amendment.
I cannot join the opinion of the Court, however, because
of its undisciplined dicta. The Court is unable to resist
musings that seem to equate the entirety of the internet
with public streets and parks. Ante, at 4 -- 5. And this
language is bound to be interpreted by some to mean that
the States are largely powerless to restrict even the most
dangerous sexual predators from visiting any internet
sites, including, for example, teenage dating sites and
sites designed to permit minors to discuss personal prob-
2 PACKINGHAM v. NORTH CAROLINA

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

lems with their peers. I am troubled by the implications of
the Court's unnecessary rhetoric.
I

A

The North Carolina law at issue makes it a felony for a
registered sex offender "to access a commercial social
networking Web site where the sex offender knows that
the site permits minor children to become members or to
create or maintain personal Web pages." N. C. Gen. Stat.
Ann. -- 202.5(a), (e) (2015). And as I will explain, the
statutory definition of a "commercial social networking
Web site" is very broad.
Packingham and the State debate the analytical frame-
work that governs this case. The State argues that the
law in question is content neutral and merely regulates a
"place" (i.e., the internet) where convicted sex offenders
may wish to engage in speech. See Brief for Respondent
20 -- 25. Therefore, according to the State, the standard
applicable to "time, place, or manner" restrictions should
apply. See Ward v. Rock Against Racism, (1989). Packingham responds that the challenged
statute is "unlike any law this Court has considered as a
time, place, or manner restriction," Brief for Petitioner 37,
and he advocates a more demanding standard of review,
id., at 37 -- 39.
Like the Court, I find it unnecessary to resolve this
dispute because the law in question cannot satisfy the
standard applicable to a content-neutral regulation of the
place where speech may occur.
B
A content-neutral "time, place, or manner" restriction
must serve a "legitimate" government interest, Ward,
supra, at 798, and the North Carolina law easily satisfies
this requirement. As we have frequently noted, "[t]he
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

prevention of sexual exploitation and abuse of children
constitutes a government objective of surpassing im-
portance." Ferber, supra, at 757. "Sex offenders are a
serious threat," and "the victims of sexual assault are
most often juveniles." McKune v. Lile, 
(2002) (plurality opinion); see Connecticut Dept. of Public
Safety v. Doe, (2003). "[T]he... interest [of ]
safeguarding the physical and psychological well-being of
a minor... is a compelling one," Globe Newspaper Co. v.
Superior Court, County of Norfolk, 
(1982), and "we have sustained legislation aimed at pro-
tecting the physical and emotional well-being of youth
even when the laws have operated in the sensitive area of
constitutionally protected rights," Ferber, supra, at 757.
Repeat sex offenders pose an especially grave risk to
children. "When convicted sex offenders reenter society,
they are much more likely than any other type of offender
to be rearrested for a new rape or sexual assault."
McKune, supra, at 33 (plurality opinion); see United States
v. Kebodeaux, 570 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2013) ( -- 9).
The State's interest in protecting children from recidi-
vist sex offenders plainly applies to internet use. Several
factors make the internet a powerful tool for the would-be
child abuser. First, children often use the internet in a
way that gives offenders easy access to their personal
information -- by, for example, communicating with
strangers and allowing sites to disclose their location.1
Second, the internet provides previously unavailable ways
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See Pew Research Center, Teens, Social Media, and Privacy 5

(May 21, 2013), http://www.pewinternet.org/files/2013/05/PIP_
TeensSocialMediaandPrivacy_PDF.pdf (all internet materials as last
visited June 16, 2017); J. Wolak, K. Mitchell, & D. Finkelhor, National
Center for Missing & Exploited Children, Online Victimization of Youth:
Five Years Later 7 (2006) (prepared by Univ. of N. H., Crimes Against
Children Research Center), http://www.unh.edu/ccrc/pdf/CV138.pdf.
4 PACKINGHAM v. NORTH CAROLINA

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

of communicating with, stalking, and ultimately abusing
children. An abuser can create a false profile that misrep-
resents the abuser's age and gender. The abuser can lure
the minor into engaging in sexual conversations, sending
explicit photos, or even meeting in person. And an abuser
can use a child's location posts on the internet to deter-
mine the pattern of the child's day-to-day activities -- and
even the child's location at a given moment. Such uses of
the internet are already well documented, both in re-
search2 and in reported decisions.3
Because protecting children from abuse is a compelling
state interest and sex offenders can (and do) use the inter-
net to engage in such abuse, it is legitimate and entirely
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 See id., at 2 -- 3; Wolak, Finkhor, Mitchell, & Ybarra, Online "Preda-

tors" and Their Victims, 63 Am. Psychologist 111, 112 (Feb. -- Mar.
2008).
3 For example, in State v. Gallo, 275 Ore. App. 868, 869, 365 P. 3d

1154, 1154 -- 1155 (2015), a 32-year-old defendant posing as a 15-year-
old boy used a social networking site to contact and befriend a 16-year-
old autistic girl. "He then arranged to meet the victim, took her to a
park, and sexually abused her." Ibid., 365 P. 3d, at 1155. In United
States v. Steele, 664 Fed. Appx. 260, 261 (CA3 2016), the defendant
"began interacting with a minor [victim] on the gay social networking
cell phone application 'Jack'd.' " He eventually met the 14-year-old
victim and sexually abused him. Ibid. Sadly, these cases are not
unique. See, e.g., Himko v. English, 2016 WL 7645584, *1 (ND Fla.,
Dec. 5, 2016) (a convicted rapist and registered sex offender "contacted
a sixteen-year-old girl using... Facebook" and then exchanged explicit
text messages and photographs with her), report and recommendation
adopted, 2017 WL 54246 (Jan. 4, 2017); Roberts v. United States, 2015
WL 7424858, *2 -- *3 (SD Ohio, Nov. 23, 2015) (the defendant "met a
then 14-year-old child online via a social networking website called
vampirefreaks.com" and then enticed the child to his home and "coerced
the child to perform oral sex on him"), report and recommendation
adopted, 2016 WL 112647 (Jan. 8, 2016), certificate of appealability
denied, No. 16 -- 3050 (CA6 June 15, 2016); State v. Murphy, 2016 -- 0901,
p. 3 (La. App. 1 Cir. 10/28/16), 206 So. 3d 219, 224 (a defendant "initi-
ated conversations" with his 12-year-old victim "on a social network chat
site called 'Kik' " and later sent sexually graphic photographs of himself
to the victim and received sexually graphic photos from her).
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

reasonable for States to try to stop abuse from occurring
before it happens.
C
1
It is not enough, however, that the law before us is
designed to serve a compelling state interest; it also must
not "burden substantially more speech than is necessary
to further the government's legitimate interests." Ward,
491 U. S., at 798 -- 799; see also McCullen v. Coakley, 573
U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2014) ( -- 19). The North
Carolina law fails this requirement.
A straightforward reading of the text of N. C. Gen. Stat.
Ann. -- 202.5 compels the conclusion that it prohibits
sex offenders from accessing an enormous number of
websites. The law defines a "commercial social network-
ing Web site" as one with four characteristics. First, the
website must be "operated by a person who derives reve-
nue from membership fees, advertising, or other sources
related to the operation of the Web site." -- 202.5(b)(1).
Due to the prevalence of advertising on websites of all
types, this requirement does little to limit the statute's
reach.
Second, the website must "[f]acilitat[e] the social intro-
duction between two or more persons for the purposes of
friendship, meeting other persons, or information ex-
changes." -- 202.5(b)(2). The term "social introduction"
easily encompasses any casual exchange, and the term
"information exchanges" seems to apply to any site that
provides an opportunity for a visitor to post a statement or
comment that may be read by other visitors. Today, a
great many websites include this feature.
Third, a website must "[a]llo[w] users to create Web
pages or personal profiles that contain information such as
the name or nickname of the user, photographs placed on
the personal Web page by the user, other personal infor-
6 PACKINGHAM v. NORTH CAROLINA

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

mation about the user, and links to other personal Web
pages on the commercial social networking Web site of
friends or associates of the user that may be accessed by
other users or visitors to the Web site." -- 202.5(b)(3). This definition covers websites that
allow users to create anything that can be called a "per-
sonal profile," i.e., a short description of the user.4 Con-
trary to the argument of the State, Brief for Respondent
26 -- 27, everything that follows the phrase "such as" is an
illustration of features that a covered website or personal
profile may (but need not) include.
Fourth, in order to fit within the statute, a website must
"[p]rovid[e] users or visitors... mechanisms to communi-
cate with other users, such as a message board, chat room,
electronic mail, or instant messenger." -- 202.5(b)(4). This requirement seems to demand no
more than that a website allow back-and-forth comments
between users. And since a comment function is undoubt-
edly a "mechanis[m] to communicate with other users,"
ibid., it appears to follow that any website with such a
function satisfies this requirement.
2
The fatal problem for -- 202.5 is that its wide sweep
precludes access to a large number of websites that are
most unlikely to facilitate the commission of a sex crime
against a child. A handful of examples illustrates this
point.
Take, for example, the popular retail website Ama-
zon.com, which allows minors to use its services5 and
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 See New Oxford American Dictionary 1394 (3d ed. 2010); Webster's

Third New International Dictionary 1811 (2002); 12 Oxford English
Dictionary 576 (2d ed. 1989).
5 See Amazon, Conditions of Use (June 21, 2016), https://www.amazon.

com / gp / help /customer/display.html/ref=help_search_1-2?ie=UTF8&
nodeId=201909000&qid=1490898710&sr=1-2.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 7

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

meets all four requirements of -- 202.5's definition of a
commercial social networking website. First, as a seller of
products, Amazon unquestionably derives revenue from
the operation of its website. Second, the Amazon site
facilitates the social introduction of people for the purpose
of information exchanges. When someone purchases a
product on Amazon, the purchaser can review the product
and upload photographs, and other buyers can then re-
spond to the review.6 This information exchange about
products that Amazon sells undoubtedly fits within the
definition in -- 202.5. It is the equivalent of passengers
on a bus comparing notes about products they have pur-
chased. Third, Amazon allows a user to create a personal
profile, which is then associated with the product reviews
that the user uploads. Such a profile can contain an as-
sortment of information, including the user's name, e-mail
address, and picture.7 And fourth, given its back-and-
forth comment function, Amazon satisfies the final statu-
tory requirement.8
Many news websites are also covered by this definition.
For example, the Washington Post's website gives minors
access9 and satisfies the four elements that define a com-
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 See Amazon, About Customer Reviews, https://www.amazon.com/

gp/help/customer/display.html/ref =hp_left_v4_sib?ie=UTF8&nodeId=
201967050; Amazon, About Public Activity, https://www.amazon.com/
gp/ help/ customer/ display.html / ref = hp_left_v4_sib?ie = UTF8&nodeId =
202076150.
7 See Amazon, About Your Profile, https://www.amazon.com/
gp/help/customer/display.html/ref =hp_left_v4_sib?ie=UTF8&nodeId=
202076210; Amazon, About Public Information, https://www.amazon.com/
gp/help/customer/display.html/ref =help_search_1-2?ie =UTF8&nodeId =
202076170&qid=1490835739&sr=1-2.
8 Amazon does not appear to fall within the statute's exemption for

websites that have as their "primary purpose the facilitation of com-
mercial transactions involving goods or services between its members
or visitors." -- 202.5(c)(2). Amazon's primary purpose seems to be
the facilitation of commercial transactions between its users and itself.
9 See Washington Post, Terms of Service (July 1, 2014), https://www.
8 PACKINGHAM v. NORTH CAROLINA

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

mercial social networking website. The website (1) derives
revenue from ads and (2) facilitates social introductions
for the purpose of information exchanges. Users of the
site can comment on articles, reply to other users' com-
ments, and recommend another user's comment.10 Users
can also (3) create personal profiles that include a name or
nickname and a photograph. The photograph and name
will then appear next to every comment the user leaves on
an article. Finally (4), the back-and-forth comment section
is a mechanism for users to communicate among them-
selves. The site thus falls within -- 202.5 and is accord-
ingly off limits for registered sex offenders in North
Carolina.
Or consider WebMD -- a website that contains health-
related resources, from tools that help users find a doctor
to information on preventative care and the symptoms
associated with particular medical problems. WebMD,
too, allows children on the site.11 And it exhibits the four
hallmarks of a "commercial social networking" website. It
obtains revenue from advertisements.12 It facilitates
information exchanges -- via message boards that allow
users to engage in public discussion of an assortment of
health issues.13 It allows users to create basic profile
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
washingtonpost.com/terms-of-service/2011/11/18/gIQAldiYiN_story.html?
utm_term=.9be5851f95.
10 See Washington Post, Ad choices (Nov. 21, 2011), https://www.

washingtonpost.com/how-can-i-opt-out-of-online-advertising-cookies/2011/
11/18/gIQABECbiN_story.html?utm_term=3da1f56d67e7; Washington
Post, Privacy Policy (May 2, 2017), https://www.washingtonpost.com/
privacy-policy / 2011 / 11 / 18 / gIQASIiaiN _ story.html ? utm_term =.8252a76f8df2.
11 See WebMD, Terms and Conditions of Use (Nov. 2, 2016), https://www.

webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-terms-and-conditions-of-use.
12 WebMD, Advertising Policy (June 9, 2016), http://www.webmd.com/

about-webmd-policies/about-advertising-policy.
13 WebMD, Message Board Overview (Sept. 22, 2016), http://www.

webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/about-community-overview.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 9

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

pages: Users can upload a picture and some basic infor-
mation about themselves, and other users can see their
aggregated comments and "likes."14 WebMD also provides
message boards, which are specifically mentioned in the
statute as a "mechanis[m] to communicate with other
users." N. C. Gen. Stat. Ann. -- 202.5(b)(4).
As these examples illustrate, the North Carolina law
has a very broad reach and covers websites that are ill
suited for use in stalking or abusing children. The focus of
the discussion on these sites -- shopping, news, health -- 
does not provide a convenient jumping off point for conver-
sations that may lead to abuse. In addition, the social
exchanges facilitated by these websites occur in the open,
and this reduces the possibility of a child being secretly
lured into an abusive situation. These websites also give
sex offenders little opportunity to gather personal details
about a child; the information that can be listed in a pro-
file is limited, and the profiles are brief. What is more,
none of these websites make it easy to determine a child's
precise location at a given moment. For example, they do
not permit photo streams (at most, a child could upload a
single profile photograph), and they do not include up-to-
the minute location services. Such websites would provide
essentially no aid to a would-be child abuser.
Placing this set of websites categorically off limits from
registered sex offenders prohibits them from receiving or
engaging in speech that the First Amendment protects
and does not appreciably advance the State's goal of pro-
tecting children from recidivist sex offenders. I am there-
fore compelled to conclude that, while the law before us
addresses a critical problem, it sweeps far too broadly to
satisfy the demands of the Free Speech Clause.15
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 See WebMD, Change Your Profile Settings (Feb. 19, 2014), http://

www.webmd.com/about-webmd-policies/profile.
15 I express no view on whether a law that does not reach the sort of
10 PACKINGHAM v. NORTH CAROLINA

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

II
While I thus agree with the Court that the particular
law at issue in this case violates the First Amendment, I
am troubled by the Court's loose rhetoric. After noting
that "a street or a park is a quintessential forum for the
exercise of First Amendment rights," the Court states that
"cyberspace" and "social media in particular" are now "the
most important places (in a spatial sense) for the exchange
of views." Ante, at 4 -- 5. The Court declines to explain
what this means with respect to free speech law, and the
Court holds no more than that the North Carolina law
fails the test for content-neutral "time, place, and man-
ner" restrictions. But if the entirety of the internet or
even just "social media" sites16 are the 21st century equiv-
alent of public streets and parks, then States may have
little ability to restrict the sites that may be visited by
even the most dangerous sex offenders. May a State
preclude an adult previously convicted of molesting chil-
dren from visiting a dating site for teenagers? Or a site
where minors communicate with each other about per-
sonal problems? The Court should be more attentive to the
implications of its rhetoric for, contrary to the Court's
suggestion, there are important differences between cy-
berspace and the physical world.
I will mention a few that are relevant to internet use by
sex offenders. First, it is easier for parents to monitor the
physical locations that their children visit and the indi-
viduals with whom they speak in person than it is to
monitor their internet use. Second, if a sex offender is
seen approaching children or loitering in a place fre-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
sites discussed above would satisfy the First Amendment. Until such a
law is before us, it is premature to address that question.
16 As the law at issue here shows, it is not easy to provide a precise

definition of a "social media" site, and the Court makes no effort to do
so. Thus, the scope of its dicta is obscure.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 11

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

quented by children, this conduct may be observed by
parents, teachers, or others. Third, the internet offers an
unprecedented degree of anonymity and easily permits a
would-be molester to assume a false identity.
The Court is correct that we should be cautious in apply-
ing our free speech precedents to the internet. Ante, at 6.
Cyberspace is different from the physical world, and if it is
true, as the Court believes, that "we cannot appreciate
yet" the "full dimensions and vast potential" of "the Cyber
Age," ibid., we should proceed circumspectly, taking one
step at a time. It is regrettable that the Court has not
heeded its own admonition of caution.

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court, except as to
Part IV -- B, concluding:
1. The limited reach of the Bivens action informs the decision
whether an implied damages remedy should be recognized here.
Pp. 6 -- 14.
(a) In 42 U. S. C., Congress provided a specific damages
remedy for plaintiffs whose constitutional rights were violated by
state officials, but Congress provided no corresponding remedy for
constitutional violations by agents of the Federal Government. In
1971, and against this background, this Court recognized in Bivens
an implied damages action to compensate persons injured by federal
officers who violated the Fourth Amendment's prohibition against
unreasonable searches and seizures. In the following decade, the
Court allowed Bivens-type remedies twice more, in a Fifth Amend-
ment gender-discrimination case, Davis v. Passman, and in an Eighth Amendment Cruel and Unusual Punishments
Clause case, Carlson v. Green,. These are the only cases
in which the Court has approved of an implied damages remedy un-
der the Constitution itself. Pp. 6 -- 7.
(b) Bivens, Davis, and Carlson were decided at a time when the
prevailing law assumed that a proper judicial function was to "pro-
vide such remedies as are necessary to make effective" a statute's
purpose. J. I. Case Co. v. Borak,. The Court has
since adopted a far more cautious course, clarifying that, when decid-
ing whether to recognize an implied cause of action, the "determina-
tive" question is one of statutory intent. Alexander v. Sandoval,. If a statute does not evince Congress' intent "to create
the private right of action asserted," Touche Ross & Co. v. Redington, no such action will be created through judicial
mandate. Similar caution must be exercised with respect to damages
actions implied to enforce the Constitution itself. Bivens is well-
settled law in its own context, but expanding the Bivens remedy is
now considered a "disfavored" judicial activity. Ashcroft v. Iqbal,.
When a party seeks to assert an implied cause of action under the
Constitution, separation-of-powers principles should be central to the
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

Syllabus

analysis. The question is whether Congress or the courts should de-
cide to authorize a damages suit. Bush v. Lucas,.
Most often it will be Congress, for Bivens will not be extended to a
new context if there are " 'special factors counselling hesitation in the
absence of affirmative action by Congress.' " Carlson, supra, at 18. If
there are sound reasons to think Congress might doubt the efficacy or
necessity of a damages remedy as part of the system for enforcing the
law and correcting a wrong, courts must refrain from creating that
kind of remedy. An alternative remedial structure may also limit the
Judiciary's power to infer a new Bivens cause of action. Pp. 8 -- 14.
2. Considering the relevant special factors here, a Bivens-type rem-
edy should not be extended to the claims challenging the confinement
conditions imposed on respondents pursuant to the formal policy
adopted by the Executive Officials in the wake of the September 11
attacks. These "detention policy claims" include the allegations that
petitioners violated respondents' due process and equal protection
rights by holding them in restrictive conditions of confinement, and
the allegations that the Wardens violated the Fourth and Fifth
Amendments by subjecting respondents to frequent strip searches.
The detention policy claims do not include the guard-abuse claim
against Warden Hasty. Pp. 14 -- 23.
(a) The proper test for determining whether a claim arises in a
new Bivens context is as follows. If the case is different in a mean-
ingful way from previous Bivens cases decided by this Court, then the
context is new. Meaningful differences may include, e.g., the rank of
the officers involved; the constitutional right at issue; the extent of
judicial guidance for the official conduct; the risk of disruptive intru-
sion by the Judiciary into the functioning of other branches; or the
presence of potential special factors not considered in previous Bivens
cases. Respondents' detention policy claims bear little resemblance
to the three Bivens claims the Court has approved in previous cases.
The Second Circuit thus should have held that this was a new Bivens
context and then performed a special factors analysis before allowing
this damages suit to proceed. Pp. 15 -- 17.
(b) The special factors here indicate that Congress, not the
courts, should decide whether a damages action should be allowed.
With regard to the Executive Officials, a Bivens action is not "a
proper vehicle for altering an entity's policy," Correctional Services
Corp. v. Malesko, and is not designed to hold officers
responsible for acts of their subordinates, see Iqbal, supra, at 676.
Even an action confined to the Executive Officers' own discrete con-
duct would call into question the formulation and implementation of
a high-level executive policy, and the burdens of that litigation could
prevent officials from properly discharging their duties, see Cheney v.
4 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Syllabus

United States Dist. Court for D. C.,. The litigation
process might also implicate the discussion and deliberations that led
to the formation of the particular policy, requiring courts to interfere
with sensitive Executive Branch functions. See Clinton v. Jones,.
Other special factors counsel against extending Bivens to cover the
detention policy claims against any of the petitioners. Because those
claims challenge major elements of the Government's response to the
September 11 attacks, they necessarily require an inquiry into na-
tional-security issues. National-security policy, however, is the pre-
rogative of Congress and the President, and courts are "reluctant to
intrude upon" that authority absent congressional authorization.
Department of Navy v. Egan,. Thus, Congress'
failure to provide a damages remedy might be more than mere over-
sight, and its silence might be more than "inadvertent." Schweiker v.
Chilicky,. That silence is also relevant and telling
here, where Congress has had nearly 16 years to extend "the kind of
remedies [sought by] respondents," id., at 426, but has not done so.
Respondents also may have had available " 'other alternative forms of
judicial relief,' " Minneci v. Pollard, including in-
junctions and habeas petitions.
The proper balance in situations like this, between deterring con-
stitutional violations and freeing high officials to make the lawful de-
cisions necessary to protect the Nation in times of great peril, is one
for the Congress to undertake, not the Judiciary. The Second Circuit
thus erred in allowing respondents' detention policy claims to proceed
under Bivens. Pp. 17 -- 23.
3. The Second Circuit also erred in allowing the prisoner abuse
claim against Warden Hasty to go forward without conducting the
required special factors analysis. Respondents' prisoner abuse alle-
gations against Warden Hasty state a plausible ground to find a con-
stitutional violation should a Bivens remedy be implied. But the first
question is whether the claim arises in a new Bivens context. This
claim has significant parallels to Carlson, which extended Bivens to
cover a failure to provide medical care to a prisoner, but this claim
nevertheless seeks to extend Carlson to a new context. The constitu-
tional right is different here: Carlson was predicated on the Eighth
Amendment while this claim was predicated on the Fifth. The judi-
cial guidance available to this warden with respect to his supervisory
duties was less developed. There might have been alternative reme-
dies available. And Congress did not provide a standalone damages
remedy against federal jailers when it enacted the Prison Litigation
Reform Act some 15 years after Carlson. Given this Court's ex-
pressed caution about extending the Bivens remedy, this context
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

Syllabus

must be regarded as a new one. Pp. 23 -- 26.
4. Petitioners are entitled to qualified immunity with respect to re-
spondents' claims under 42 U. S. C.. Pp. 26 -- 32.
(a) Assuming that respondents' allegations are true and well
pleaded, the question is whether a reasonable officer in petitioners'
position would have known the alleged conduct was an unlawful con-
spiracy. The qualified-immunity inquiry turns on the "objective legal
reasonableness" of the official's acts, Harlow v. Fitzgerald, "assessed in light of the legal rules that were 'clearly estab-
lished' at the time [the action] was taken," Anderson v. Creighton,. If it would have been clear to a reasonable officer
that the alleged conduct "was unlawful in the situation he confront-
ed," Saucier v. Katz, the defendant officer is not
entitled to qualified immunity. But if a reasonable officer might not
have known that the conduct was unlawful, then the officer is enti-
tled to qualified immunity. Pp. 27 -- 29.
(b) Here, reasonable officials in petitioners' positions would not
have known with sufficient certainty that prohibited their
joint consultations and the resulting policies. There are two reasons.
First, the conspiracy is alleged to have been among officers in the
same Department of the Federal Government. And there is no clear-
ly established law on the issue whether agents of the same executive
department are distinct enough to "conspire" with one another within
the meaning of 42 U. S. C.. Second, open discussion among
federal officers should be encouraged to help those officials reach con-
sensus on department policies, so there is a reasonable argument
that liability should not extend to cases like this one. As
these considerations indicate, the question whether federal officials
can be said to "conspire" in these kinds of situations is sufficiently
open that the officials in this suit would not have known that
applied to their discussions and actions. It follows that rea-
sonable officers in petitioners' positions would not have known with
any certainty that the alleged agreements were forbidden by that
statute. Pp. 29 -- 32.

KENNEDY, J., delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to Parts
I, II, III, IV -- A, and V, in which ROBERTS, C. J., and THOMAS and ALITO,
JJ., joined, and an opinion with respect to Part IV -- B, in which ROB-
ERTS, C. J., and ALITO, J., joined. THOMAS, J., filed an opinion concur-
ring in part and concurring in the judgment. BREYER, J., filed a dis-
senting opinion, in which GINSBURG, J., joined. SOTOMAYOR, KAGAN,
and GORSUCH, JJ., took no part in the consideration or decision of the
cases.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

Opinion of the Court

NOTICE: This opinion is subject to formal revision before publication in the
preliminary print of the United States Reports. Readers are requested to
notify the Reporter of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Wash-
ington, D. C. 20543, of any typographical or other formal errors, in order
that corrections may be made before the preliminary print goes to press.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 15 -- 1358, 15 -- 1359 and 15 -- 1363
_________________

JAMES W. ZIGLAR, PETITIONER
15 -- 1358 v.
AHMER IQBAL ABBASI, ET AL.

JOHN D. ASHCROFT, FORMER ATTORNEY
GENERAL, ET AL., PETITIONERS
15 -- 1359 v.
AHMER IQBAL ABBASI, ET AL.

DENNIS HASTY, ET AL., PETITIONERS
15 -- 1363 v.
AHMER IQBAL ABBASI, ET AL.
ON WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT
[June 19, 2017]

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court,
except as to Part IV -- B.
After the September 11 terrorist attacks in this country,
and in response to the deaths, destruction, and dangers
they caused, the United States Government ordered hun-
dreds of illegal aliens to be taken into custody and held.
Pending a determination whether a particular detainee
had connections to terrorism, the custody, under harsh
conditions to be described, continued. In many instances
custody lasted for days and weeks, then stretching into
months. Later, some of the aliens who had been detained
2 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

filed suit, leading to the cases now before the Court.
The complaint named as defendants three high execu-
tive officers in the Department of Justice and two of the
wardens at the facility where the detainees had been held.
Most of the claims, alleging various constitutional viola-
tions, sought damages under the implied cause of action
theory adopted by this Court in Bivens v. Six Unknown
Fed. Narcotics Agents, (1971). Another
claim in the complaint was based upon the statutory cause
of action authorized and created by Congress under Rev.
Stat., 42 U. S. C.. This statutory cause of
action allows damages to persons injured by conspiracies
to deprive them of the equal protection of the laws.
The suit was commenced in the United States District
Court for the Eastern District of New York. After this
Court's decision in Ashcroft v. Iqbal, (2009),
a fourth amended complaint was filed; and that is the
complaint to be considered here. Motions to dismiss the
fourth amended complaint were denied as to some defend-
ants and granted as to others. These rulings were the
subject of interlocutory appeals to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Over a dissenting opin-
ion by Judge Raggi with respect to the decision of the
three-judge panel -- and a second unsigned dissent from
the court's declining to rehear the suit en banc, joined by
Judge Raggi and five other judges -- the Court of Appeals
ruled that the complaint was sufficient for the action to
proceed against the named officials who are now before us.
See Turkmen v. Hasty, 789 F. 3d 218 (2015) (panel deci-
sion); Turkmen v. Hasty, 808 F. 3d 197 (2015) (en banc
decision).
The Court granted certiorari to consider these rulings.
580 U. S. ___ (2016). The officials who must defend the
suit on the merits, under the ruling of the Court of Ap-
peals, are the petitioners here. The former detainees who
seek relief under the fourth amended complaint are the
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

Opinion of the Court

respondents. The various claims and theories advanced
for recovery, and the grounds asserted for their dismissal
as insufficient as a matter of law, will be addressed in
turn.
I
Given the present procedural posture of the suit, the
Court accepts as true the facts alleged in the complaint.
See Iqbal, 556 U. S., at 678.
A
In the weeks following the September 11, 2001, terrorist
attacks -- the worst in American history -- the Federal
Bureau of Investigation (FBI) received more than 96,000
tips from members of the public. See id., at 667. Some
tips were based on well-grounded suspicion of terrorist
activity, but many others may have been based on fear of
Arabs and Muslims. FBI agents "questioned more than
1,000 people with suspected links to the [September 11]
attacks in particular or to terrorism in general." Ibid.
While investigating the tips -- including the less sub-
stantiated ones -- the FBI encountered many aliens who
were present in this country without legal authorization.
As a result, more than 700 individuals were arrested and
detained on immigration charges. Ibid. If the FBI desig-
nated an alien as not being "of interest" to the investiga-
tion, then he or she was processed according to normal
procedures. In other words the alien was treated just as
if, for example, he or she had been arrested at the border
after an illegal entry. If, however, the FBI designated an
alien as "of interest" to the investigation, or if it had
doubts about the proper designation in a particular case,
the alien was detained subject to a "hold-until-cleared
policy." The aliens were held without bail.
Respondents were among some 84 aliens who were
subject to the hold-until-cleared policy and detained at the
4 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

Metropolitan Detention Center (MDC) in Brooklyn, New
York. They were held in the Administrative Maximum
Special Housing Unit (or Unit) of the MDC. The com-
plaint includes these allegations: Conditions in the Unit
were harsh. Pursuant to official Bureau of Prisons policy,
detainees were held in " 'tiny cells for over 23 hours a
day.' " 789 F. 3d, at 228. Lights in the cells were left on 24
hours. Detainees had little opportunity for exercise or
recreation. They were forbidden to keep anything in their
cells, even basic hygiene products such as soap or a tooth-
brush. When removed from the cells for any reason, they
were shackled and escorted by four guards. They were
denied access to most forms of communication with the
outside world. And they were strip searched often -- any
time they were moved, as well as at random in their cells.
Some of the harsh conditions in the Unit were not im-
posed pursuant to official policy. According to the com-
plaint, prison guards engaged in a pattern of "physical and
verbal abuse." Ibid. Guards allegedly slammed detainees
into walls; twisted their arms, wrists, and fingers; broke
their bones; referred to them as terrorists; threatened
them with violence; subjected them to humiliating sexual
comments; and insulted their religion.
B
Respondents are six men of Arab or South Asian de-
scent. Five are Muslims. Each was illegally in this coun-
try, arrested during the course of the September 11 inves-
tigation, and detained in the Administrative Maximum
Special Housing Unit for periods ranging from three to
eight months. After being released respondents were
removed from the United States.
Respondents then sued on their own behalf, and on
behalf of a putative class, seeking compensatory and
punitive damages, attorney's fees, and costs. Respond-
ents, it seems fair to conclude from the arguments pre-
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

Opinion of the Court

sented, acknowledge that in the ordinary course aliens
who are present in the United States without legal author-
ization can be detained for some period of time. But here
the challenge is to the conditions of their confinement and
the reasons or motives for imposing those conditions. The
gravamen of their claims was that the Government had no
reason to suspect them of any connection to terrorism, and
thus had no legitimate reason to hold them for so long in
these harsh conditions.
As relevant here, respondents sued two groups of federal
officials in their official capacities. The first group con-
sisted of former Attorney General John Ashcroft, former
FBI Director Robert Mueller, and former Immigration and
Naturalization Service Commissioner James Ziglar. This
opinion refers to these three petitioners as the "Executive
Officials." The other petitioners named in the complaint
were the MDC's warden, Dennis Hasty, and associate
warden, James Sherman. This opinion refers to these two
petitioners as the "Wardens."
Seeking to invoke the Court's decision in Bivens, re-
spondents brought four claims under the Constitution
itself. First, respondents alleged that petitioners detained
them in harsh pretrial conditions for a punitive purpose,
in violation of the substantive due process component of
the Fifth Amendment. Second, respondents alleged that
petitioners detained them in harsh conditions because of
their actual or apparent race, religion, or national origin,
in violation of the equal protection component of the Fifth
Amendment. Third, respondents alleged that the War-
dens subjected them to punitive strip searches unrelated
to any legitimate penological interest, in violation of the
Fourth Amendment and the substantive due process
component of the Fifth Amendment. Fourth, respondents
alleged that the Wardens knowingly allowed the guards to
abuse respondents, in violation of the substantive due
process component of the Fifth Amendment.
6 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

Respondents also brought a claim under 42 U. S. C., which forbids certain conspiracies to violate
equal protection rights. Respondents alleged that peti-
tioners conspired with one another to hold respondents in
harsh conditions because of their actual or apparent race,
religion, or national origin.
C
The District Court dismissed the claims against the
Executive Officials but allowed the claims against the
Wardens to go forward. The Court of Appeals affirmed in
most respects as to the Wardens, though it held that the
prisoner abuse claim against Sherman (the associate
warden) should have been dismissed. 789 F. 3d, at 264 -- 
265. As to the Executive Officials, however, the Court of
Appeals reversed, reinstating respondents' claims. Ibid.
As noted above, Judge Raggi dissented. She would have
held that only the prisoner abuse claim against Hasty
should go forward. Id., at 295, 302 (opinion concur-
ring in part in judgment and dissenting in part). The
Court of Appeals declined to rehear the suit en banc, 808
F. 3d, at 197; and, again as noted above, Judge Raggi
joined a second dissent along with five other judges, id., at
198. This Court granted certiorari. 580 U. S. ___ (2016).
II
The first question to be discussed is whether petitioners
can be sued for damages under Bivens and the ensuing
cases in this Court defining the reach and the limits of
that precedent.
A
In 1871, Congress passed a statute that was later codi-
fied at Rev. Stat., 42 U. S. C.. It entitles an
injured person to money damages if a state official violates
his or her constitutional rights. Congress did not create
an analogous statute for federal officials. Indeed, in the
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 7

Opinion of the Court

100 years leading up to Bivens, Congress did not pro-
vide a specific damages remedy for plaintiffs whose con-
stitutional rights were violated by agents of the Federal
Government.
In 1971, and against this background, this Court decided
Bivens. The Court held that, even absent statutory
authorization, it would enforce a damages remedy to
compensate persons injured by federal officers who vio-
lated the prohibition against unreasonable search and sei-
zures. See 403 U. S., at 397. The Court acknowledged
that the Fourth Amendment does not provide for money
damages "in so many words." Id., at 396. The Court
noted, however, that Congress had not foreclosed a dam-
ages remedy in "explicit" terms and that no "special fac-
tors" suggested that the Judiciary should "hesitat[e]" in
the face of congressional silence. Id., at 396 -- 397. The
Court, accordingly, held that it could authorize a remedy
under general principles of federal jurisdiction. See id., at
392 ).
In the decade that followed, the Court recognized what
has come to be called an implied cause of action in two
cases involving other constitutional violations. In Davis v.
Passman, (1979), an administrative assis-
tant sued a Congressman for firing her because she was a
woman. The Court held that the Fifth Amendment Due
Process Clause gave her a damages remedy for gender
discrimination. Id., at 248 -- 249. And in Carlson v. Green,
(1980), a prisoner's estate sued federal jailers
for failing to treat the prisoner's asthma. The Court held
that the Eighth Amendment Cruel and Unusual Punish-
ments Clause gave him a damages remedy for failure to
provide adequate medical treatment. See id., at 19. These
three cases -- Bivens, Davis, and Carlson -- represent the
only instances in which the Court has approved of an
implied damages remedy under the Constitution itself.
8 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

B
To understand Bivens and the two other cases implying
a damages remedy under the Constitution, it is necessary
to understand the prevailing law when they were decided.
In the mid-20th century, the Court followed a different
approach to recognizing implied causes of action than it
follows now. During this "ancien regime," Alexander v.
Sandoval, (2001), the Court assumed it
to be a proper judicial function to "provide such remedies
as are necessary to make effective" a statute's purpose,
J. I. Case Co. v. Borak, (1964). Thus, as
a routine matter with respect to statutes, the Court would
imply causes of action not explicit in the statutory text
itself. See, e.g., id., at 430 -- 432; Allen v. State Bd. of Elec-
tions, (1969); Sullivan v. Little Hunting
Park, Inc., (1969) ("The existence of a
statutory right implies the existence of all necessary and
appropriate remedies").
These statutory decisions were in place when Bivens
recognized an implied cause of action to remedy a consti-
tutional violation. Against that background, the Bivens
decision held that courts must "adjust their remedies so as
to grant the necessary relief " when "federally protected
rights have been invaded." 403 U. S., at 392 ; see also 403 U. S., at 402 (Harlan, J., con-
curring) (discussing cases recognizing implied causes of
action under federal statutes). In light of this interpretive
framework, there was a possibility that "the Court would
keep expanding Bivens until it became the substantial
equivalent of 42 U. S. C.." Kent, Are Damages
Different?: Bivens and National Security, 87 S. Cal.
L. Rev. 1123, 1139 -- 1140 (2014).
C
Later, the arguments for recognizing implied causes of
action for damages began to lose their force. In cases
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 9

Opinion of the Court

decided after Bivens, and after the statutory implied
cause-of-action cases that Bivens itself relied upon, the
Court adopted a far more cautious course before finding
implied causes of action. In two principal cases under
other statutes, it declined to find an implied cause of
action. See Piper v. Chris-Craft Industries, Inc., 45 -- 46 (1977); Cort v. Ash, -- 69
(1975). Later, in Cannon v. University of Chicago, (1979), the Court did allow an implied cause of
action; but it cautioned that, where Congress "intends
private litigants to have a cause of action," the "far better
course" is for Congress to confer that remedy in explicit
terms. Id., at 717.
Following this expressed caution, the Court clarified in
a series of cases that, when deciding whether to recognize
an implied cause of action, the "determinative" question is
one of statutory intent. Sandoval, 532 U. S., at 286. If the
statute itself does not "displa[y] an intent" to create "a
private remedy," then "a cause of action does not exist and
courts may not create one, no matter how desirable that
might be as a policy matter, or how compatible with the
statute." Id., at 286 -- 287; see also Transamerica Mortgage
Advisors, Inc. v. Lewis, -- 16, 23 -- 24 (1979);
Karahalios v. Federal Employees, -- 537
(1989). The Court held that the judicial task was instead
"limited solely to determining whether Congress intended
to create the private right of action asserted." Touche
Ross & Co. v. Redington, (1979). If the
statute does not itself so provide, a private cause of action
will not be created through judicial mandate. See
Transamerica, supra, at 24.
The decision to recognize an implied cause of action
under a statute involves somewhat different considera-
tions than when the question is whether to recognize an
implied cause of action to enforce a provision of the Con-
stitution itself. When Congress enacts a statute, there are
10 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

specific procedures and times for considering its terms and
the proper means for its enforcement. It is logical, then, to
assume that Congress will be explicit if it intends to create
a private cause of action. With respect to the Constitu-
tion, however, there is no single, specific congressional
action to consider and interpret.
Even so, it is a significant step under separation-of-
powers principles for a court to determine that it has the
authority, under the judicial power, to create and enforce a
cause of action for damages against federal officials in
order to remedy a constitutional violation. When deter-
mining whether traditional equitable powers suffice to
give necessary constitutional protection -- or whether, in
addition, a damages remedy is necessary -- there are a
number of economic and governmental concerns to con-
sider. Claims against federal officials often create sub-
stantial costs, in the form of defense and indemnification.
Congress, then, has a substantial responsibility to deter-
mine whether, and the extent to which, monetary and
other liabilities should be imposed upon individual officers
and employees of the Federal Government. In addition,
the time and administrative costs attendant upon intru-
sions resulting from the discovery and trial process are
significant factors to be considered. In an analogous con-
text, Congress, it is fair to assume, weighed those concerns
in deciding not to substitute the Government as defendant
in suits seeking damages for constitutional violations. See
28 U. S. C. (2)(A) (providing that certain provi-
sions of the Federal Tort Claims Act do not apply to any
claim against a federal employee "which is brought for a
violation of the Constitution").
For these and other reasons, the Court's expressed
caution as to implied causes of actions under congressional
statutes led to similar caution with respect to actions in
the Bivens context, where the action is implied to enforce
the Constitution itself. Indeed, in light of the changes to
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 11

Opinion of the Court

the Court's general approach to recognizing implied dam-
ages remedies, it is possible that the analysis in the
Court's three Bivens cases might have been different if
they were decided today. To be sure, no congressional
enactment has disapproved of these decisions. And it
must be understood that this opinion is not intended to
cast doubt on the continued force, or even the necessity, of
Bivens in the search-and-seizure context in which it arose.
Bivens does vindicate the Constitution by allowing some
redress for injuries, and it provides instruction and guid-
ance to federal law enforcement officers going forward.
The settled law of Bivens in this common and recurrent
sphere of law enforcement, and the undoubted reliance
upon it as a fixed principle in the law, are powerful rea-
sons to retain it in that sphere.
Given the notable change in the Court's approach to
recognizing implied causes of action, however, the Court
has made clear that expanding the Bivens remedy is now a
"disfavored" judicial activity. Iqbal, 556 U. S., at 675.
This is in accord with the Court's observation that it has
"consistently refused to extend Bivens to any new context
or new category of defendants." Correctional Services
Corp. v. Malesko, (2001). Indeed, the
Court has refused to do so for the past 30 years.
For example, the Court declined to create an implied
damages remedy in the following cases: a First Amend-
ment suit against a federal employer, Bush v. Lucas, (1983); a race-discrimination suit against
military officers, Chappell v. Wallace, 304 -- 305 (1983); a substantive due process suit against
military officers, United States v. Stanley, -- 672, 683 -- 684 (1987); a procedural due process suit
against Social Security officials, Schweiker v. Chilicky, (1988); a procedural due process suit
against a federal agency for wrongful termination, FDIC v.
Meyer, -- 474 (1994); an Eighth Amend-
12 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

ment suit against a private prison operator, Malesko,
supra, at 63; a due process suit against officials from the
Bureau of Land Management, Wilkie v. Robbins, -- 548, 562 (2007); and an Eighth Amendment suit
against prison guards at a private prison, Minneci v.
Pollard, (2012).
When a party seeks to assert an implied cause of action
under the Constitution itself, just as when a party seeks to
assert an implied cause of action under a federal statute,
separation-of-powers principles are or should be central to
the analysis. The question is "who should decide" whether
to provide for a damages remedy, Congress or the courts?
Bush, 462 U. S., at 380.
The answer most often will be Congress. When an issue
" 'involves a host of considerations that must be weighed
and appraised,' " it should be committed to " 'those who
write the laws' " rather than " 'those who interpret them.' "
Ibid. ). In most instances, the Court's prece-
dents now instruct, the Legislature is in the better posi-
tion to consider if " 'the public interest would be served' "
by imposing a "'new substantive legal liability.'" Schweiker,
supra, at 426 -- 427. As a
result, the Court has urged "caution" before "extending
Bivens remedies into any new context." Malesko, supra, at
74. The Court's precedents now make clear that a Bivens
remedy will not be available if there are " 'special factors
counselling hesitation in the absence of affirmative action
by Congress.' " Carlson, 446 U. S., at 18.
This Court has not defined the phrase "special factors
counselling hesitation." The necessary inference, though,
is that the inquiry must concentrate on whether the Judi-
ciary is well suited, absent congressional action or instruc-
tion, to consider and weigh the costs and benefits of allow-
ing a damages action to proceed. Thus, to be a "special
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 13

Opinion of the Court

factor counselling hesitation," a factor must cause a
court to hesitate before answering that question in the
affirmative.
It is not necessarily a judicial function to establish
whole categories of cases in which federal officers must
defend against personal liability claims in the complex
sphere of litigation, with all of its burdens on some and
benefits to others. It is true that, if equitable remedies
prove insufficient, a damages remedy might be necessary
to redress past harm and deter future violations. Yet the
decision to recognize a damages remedy requires an as-
sessment of its impact on governmental operations sys-
temwide. Those matters include the burdens on Govern-
ment employees who are sued personally, as well as the
projected costs and consequences to the Government itself
when the tort and monetary liability mechanisms of the
legal system are used to bring about the proper formula-
tion and implementation of public policies. These and
other considerations may make it less probable that Con-
gress would want the Judiciary to entertain a damages
suit in a given case.
Sometimes there will be doubt because the case arises in
a context in which Congress has designed its regulatory
authority in a guarded way, making it less likely that
Congress would want the Judiciary to interfere. See
Chappell, supra, at 302 (military); Stanley, supra, at 679
(same); Meyer, supra, at 486 (public purse); Wilkie, supra,
at 561 -- 562 (federal land). And sometimes there will be
doubt because some other feature of a case -- difficult to
predict in advance -- causes a court to pause before acting
without express congressional authorization. In sum, if
there are sound reasons to think Congress might doubt
the efficacy or necessity of a damages remedy as part of
the system for enforcing the law and correcting a wrong,
the courts must refrain from creating the remedy in order
to respect the role of Congress in determining the nature
14 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

and extent of federal-court jurisdiction under Article III.
In a related way, if there is an alternative remedial
structure present in a certain case, that alone may limit
the power of the Judiciary to infer a new Bivens cause of
action. For if Congress has created "any alternative,
existing process for protecting the [injured party's] inter-
est" that itself may "amoun[t] to a convincing reason for
the Judicial Branch to refrain from providing a new and
freestanding remedy in damages." Wilkie, supra, at 550;
see also Bush, supra, at 385 -- 388 (recognizing that civil-
service regulations provided alternative means for relief);
Malesko, 534 U. S., at 73 -- 74 (recognizing that state tort
law provided alternative means for relief); Minneci, supra,
at 127 -- 130 (same).
III
It is appropriate now to turn first to the Bivens claims
challenging the conditions of confinement imposed on
respondents pursuant to the formal policy adopted by the
Executive Officials in the wake of the September 11 at-
tacks. The Court will refer to these claims as the "deten-
tion policy claims." The detention policy claims allege that
petitioners violated respondents' due process and equal
protection rights by holding them in restrictive conditions
of confinement; the claims further allege that the Wardens
violated the Fourth and Fifth Amendments by subjecting
respondents to frequent strip searches. The term "deten-
tion policy claims" does not include respondents' claim
alleging that Warden Hasty allowed guards to abuse the
detainees. That claim will be considered separately, and
further, below. At this point, the question is whether,
having considered the relevant special factors in the whole
context of the detention policy claims, the Court should
extend a Bivens-type remedy to those claims.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 15

Opinion of the Court 

A

Before allowing respondents' detention policy claims to
proceed under Bivens, the Court of Appeals did not per-
form any special factors analysis at all. 789 F. 3d, at 237.
The reason, it said, was that the special factors analysis is
necessary only if a plaintiff asks for a Bivens remedy in a
new context. 789 F. 3d, at 234. And in the Court of Ap-
peals' view, the context here was not new. Id., at 235.
To determine whether the Bivens context was novel, the
Court of Appeals employed a two-part test. First, it asked
whether the asserted constitutional right was at issue in a
previous Bivens case. 789 F. 3d, at 234. Second, it asked
whether the mechanism of injury was the same mecha-
nism of injury in a previous Bivens case. 789 F. 3d, at 234.
Under the Court of Appeals' approach, if the answer to
both questions is "yes," then the context is not new and no
special factors analysis is required. Ibid.
That approach is inconsistent with the analysis in
Malesko. Before the Court decided that case, it had ap-
proved a Bivens action under the Eighth Amendment
against federal prison officials for failure to provide medi-
cal treatment. See Carlson, 446 U. S., at 16, 18 -- 19.
In Malesko, the plaintiff sought relief against a private
prison operator in almost parallel circumstances. 534
U. S., at 64. In both cases, the right at issue was the
same: the Eighth Amendment right to be free from cruel
and unusual punishment. And in both cases, the mecha-
nism of injury was the same: failure to provide adequate
medical treatment. Thus, if the approach followed by the
Court of Appeals is the correct one, this Court should have
held that the cases arose in the same context, obviating
any need for a special factors inquiry.
That, however, was not the controlling analytic frame-
work in Malesko. Even though the right and the mecha-
nism of injury were the same as they were in Carlson, the
Court held that the contexts were different. 534 U. S., at
16 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

70, and. The Court explained that special factors
counseled hesitation and that the Bivens remedy was
therefore unavailable. 534 U. S., at 74.
For similar reasons, the holding of the Court of Appeals
in the instant suit is inconsistent with this Court's ana-
lytic framework in Chappell. In Davis, decided before the
Court's cautionary instructions with respect to Bivens
suits, see supra, at 11 -- 12, the Court had held that an
employment-discrimination claim against a Congressman
could proceed as a Bivens-type action. Davis, 442 U. S., at
230 -- 231. In Chappell, however, the cautionary rules were
applicable; and, as a result, a similar discrimination suit
against military officers was not allowed to proceed. It is
the Chappell framework that now controls; and, under it,
the Court of Appeals erred by holding that this suit did
not present a new Bivens context.
The proper test for determining whether a case presents
a new Bivens context is as follows. If the case is different
in a meaningful way from previous Bivens cases decided
by this Court, then the context is new. Without endeavor-
ing to create an exhaustive list of differences that are
meaningful enough to make a given context a new one,
some examples might prove instructive. A case might
differ in a meaningful way because of the rank of the
officers involved; the constitutional right at issue; the
generality or specificity of the official action; the extent of
judicial guidance as to how an officer should respond to
the problem or emergency to be confronted; the statutory
or other legal mandate under which the officer was operat-
ing; the risk of disruptive intrusion by the Judiciary into
the functioning of other branches; or the presence of po-
tential special factors that previous Bivens cases did not
consider.
In the present suit, respondents' detention policy claims
challenge the confinement conditions imposed on illegal
aliens pursuant to a high-level executive policy created in
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 17

Opinion of the Court

the wake of a major terrorist attack on American soil.
Those claims bear little resemblance to the three Bivens
claims the Court has approved in the past: a claim against
FBI agents for handcuffing a man in his own home with-
out a warrant; a claim against a Congressman for firing
his female secretary; and a claim against prison officials
for failure to treat an inmate's asthma. See Bivens, ; Davis, ; Chappell,.
The Court of Appeals therefore should have held that this
was a new Bivens context. Had it done so, it would have
recognized that a special factors analysis was required
before allowing this damages suit to proceed.
B
After considering the special factors necessarily impli-
cated by the detention policy claims, the Court now holds
that those factors show that whether a damages action
should be allowed is a decision for the Congress to make,
not the courts.
With respect to the claims against the Executive Offi-
cials, it must be noted that a Bivens action is not "a proper
vehicle for altering an entity's policy." Malesko, supra, at
74. Furthermore, a Bivens claim is brought against the
individual official for his or her own acts, not the acts of
others. "The purpose of Bivens is to deter the officer."
Meyer, 510 U. S., at 485. Bivens is not designed to hold
officers responsible for acts of their subordinates. See
Iqbal, 556 U. S., at 676 ("Government officials may not be
held liable for the unconstitutional conduct of their subor-
dinates under a theory of respondeat superior ").
Even if the action is confined to the conduct of a particu-
lar Executive Officer in a discrete instance, these claims
would call into question the formulation and implementa-
tion of a general policy. This, in turn, would necessarily
require inquiry and discovery into the whole course of the
discussions and deliberations that led to the policies and
18 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

governmental acts being challenged. These consequences
counsel against allowing a Bivens action against the Exec-
utive Officials, for the burden and demand of litigation
might well prevent them -- or, to be more precise, future
officials like them -- from devoting the time and effort
required for the proper discharge of their duties. See
Cheney v. United States Dist. Court for D. C., (2004) (noting "the paramount necessity of pro-
tecting the Executive Branch from vexatious litigation
that might distract it from the energetic performance of its
constitutional duties").
A closely related problem, as just noted, is that the
discovery and litigation process would either border upon
or directly implicate the discussion and deliberations that
led to the formation of the policy in question. See Federal
Open Market Comm. v. Merrill, (1979)
(noting that disclosure of Executive Branch documents
"could inhibit the free flow of advice, including analysis,
reports, and expression of opinion within an agency").
Allowing a damages suit in this context, or in a like con-
text in other circumstances, would require courts to inter-
fere in an intrusive way with sensitive functions of the
Executive Branch. See Clinton v. Jones, (1997) (recognizing that " '[e]ven when a branch does
not arrogate power to itself... the separation-of-powers
doctrine requires that a branch not impair another in the
performance of its constitutional duties' " )). These con-
siderations also counsel against allowing a damages claim
to proceed against the Executive Officials. See Cheney,
supra, at 385 (noting that "special considerations control"
when a case implicates "the Executive Branch's interests
in maintaining the autonomy of its office and safeguarding
the confidentiality of its communications").
In addition to this special factor, which applies to the
claims against the Executive Officials, there are three
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 19

Opinion of the Court

other special factors that apply as well to the detention
policy claims against all of the petitioners. First, respond-
ents' detention policy claims challenge more than standard
"law enforcement operations." United States v. Verdugo-
Urquidez, (1990). They challenge as
well major elements of the Government's whole response
to the September 11 attacks, thus of necessity requiring
an inquiry into sensitive issues of national security. Were
this inquiry to be allowed in a private suit for damages,
the Bivens action would assume dimensions far greater
than those present in Bivens itself, or in either of its two
follow-on cases, or indeed in any putative Bivens case yet
to come before the Court.
National-security policy is the prerogative of the Con-
gress and President. See U. S. Const., Art. I, ; Art. II,. Judicial inquiry into the national-security realm
raises "concerns for the separation of powers in trenching
on matters committed to the other branches." Christopher
v. Harbury, (2002). These concerns are
even more pronounced when the judicial inquiry comes in
the context of a claim seeking money damages rather than
a claim seeking injunctive or other equitable relief. The
risk of personal damages liability is more likely to cause
an official to second-guess difficult but necessary decisions
concerning national-security policy.
For these and other reasons, courts have shown defer-
ence to what the Executive Branch "has determined... is
'essential to national security.' " Winter v. Natural Re-
sources Defense Council, Inc., 26 (2008).
Indeed, "courts traditionally have been reluctant to in-
trude upon the authority of the Executive in military and
national security affairs" unless "Congress specifically has
provided otherwise." Department of Navy v. Egan, (1988). Congress has not provided other-
wise here.
There are limitations, of course, on the power of the
20 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

Executive under Article II of the Constitution and in the
powers authorized by congressional enactments, even with
respect to matters of national security. See, e.g., Hamdi v.
Rumsfeld, 532 -- 537 (2004) (plurality
opinion) ("Whatever power the United States Constitution
envisions for the Executive... in times of conflict, it most
assuredly envisions a role for all three branches when
individual liberties are at stake"); Boumediene v. Bush,
(2008) ("Liberty and security can be
reconciled; and in our system they are reconciled within
the framework of the law"). And national-security con-
cerns must not become a talisman used to ward off incon-
venient claims -- a "label" used to "cover a multitude of
sins." Mitchell v. Forsyth, (1985). This
" 'danger of abuse' " is even more heightened given " 'the
difficulty of defining' " the " 'security interest' " in domestic
cases. Ibid. ).
Even so, the question is only whether "congressionally
uninvited intrusion" is "inappropriate" action for the
Judiciary to take. Stanley, 483 U. S., at 683. The factors
discussed above all suggest that Congress' failure to pro-
vide a damages remedy might be more than mere over-
sight, and that congressional silence might be more than
"inadvertent." Schweiker, 487 U. S., at 423. This possibil-
ity counsels hesitation "in the absence of affirmative ac-
tion by Congress." Bivens, 403 U. S., at 396.
Furthermore, in any inquiry respecting the likely or
probable intent of Congress, the silence of Congress is
relevant; and here that silence is telling. In the almost 16
years since September 11, the Federal Government's
responses to that terrorist attack have been well docu-
mented. Congressional interest has been "frequent and
intense," Schweiker, supra, at 425, and some of that inter-
est has been directed to the conditions of confinement at
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 21

Opinion of the Court

issue here. Indeed, at Congress' behest, the Department
of Justice's Office of the Inspector General compiled a 300-
page report documenting the conditions in the MDC in
great detail. See 789 F. 3d, at 279 (opinion of Raggi, J.)
(noting that the USA PATRIOT Act required "the De-
partment's Inspector General to review and report semi-
annually to Congress on any identified abuses of civil
rights and civil liberties in fighting terrorism"). Neverthe-
less, "[a]t no point did Congress choose to extend to any
person the kind of remedies that respondents seek in this
lawsuit." Schweiker, 487 U. S., at 426.
This silence is notable because it is likely that high-level
policies will attract the attention of Congress. Thus, when
Congress fails to provide a damages remedy in circum-
stances like these, it is much more difficult to believe that
"congressional inaction" was "inadvertent." Id., at 423.
It is of central importance, too, that this is not a case
like Bivens or Davis in which "it is damages or nothing."
Bivens, supra, at 410 (Harlan, J., concurring in judgment);
Davis, 442 U. S., at 245. Unlike the plaintiffs in those
cases, respondents do not challenge individual instances of
discrimination or law enforcement overreach, which due to
their very nature are difficult to address except by way of
damages actions after the fact. Respondents instead
challenge large-scale policy decisions concerning the con-
ditions of confinement imposed on hundreds of prisoners.
To address those kinds of decisions, detainees may seek
injunctive relief. And in addition to that, we have left
open the question whether they might be able to challenge
their confinement conditions via a petition for a writ of
habeas corpus. See Bell v. Wolfish, (1979) ("[W]e leave to another day the question of the
propriety of using a writ of habeas corpus to obtain review
of the conditions of confinement"); Preiser v. Rodriguez,
(1973) ("When a prisoner is put under
additional and unconstitutional restraints during his
22 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

lawful custody, it is arguable that habeas corpus will lie to
remove the restraints making custody illegal").
Indeed, the habeas remedy, if necessity required its use,
would have provided a faster and more direct route to
relief than a suit for money damages. A successful habeas
petition would have required officials to place respondents
in less-restrictive conditions immediately; yet this dam-
ages suit remains unresolved some 15 years later. (As in
Bell and Preiser, the Court need not determine the scope
or availability of the habeas corpus remedy, a question
that is not before the Court and has not been briefed or
argued.) In sum, respondents had available to them " 'other
alternative forms of judicial relief.' " Minneci, 565 U. S.,
at 124. And when alternative methods of relief are avail-
able, a Bivens remedy usually is not. See Bush, 462 U. S.,
at 386 -- 388; Schweiker, supra, at 425 -- 426; Malesko, 534
U. S., at 73 -- 74; Minneci, supra, at 125 -- 126.
There is a persisting concern, of course, that absent a
Bivens remedy there will be insufficient deterrence to
prevent officers from violating the Constitution. In cir-
cumstances like those presented here, however, the stakes
on both sides of the argument are far higher than in past
cases the Court has considered. If Bivens liability were to
be imposed, high officers who face personal liability for
damages might refrain from taking urgent and lawful
action in a time of crisis. And, as already noted, the costs
and difficulties of later litigation might intrude upon and
interfere with the proper exercise of their office.
On the other side of the balance, the very fact that some
executive actions have the sweeping potential to affect the
liberty of so many is a reason to consider proper means to
impose restraint and to provide some redress from injury.
There is therefore a balance to be struck, in situations like
this one, between deterring constitutional violations and
freeing high officials to make the lawful decisions neces-
sary to protect the Nation in times of great peril. Cf.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 23

Opinion of the Court

Stanley, supra, at 681 (noting that the special-factors
analysis in that case turned on "how much occasional,
unintended impairment of military discipline one is will-
ing to tolerate"). The proper balance is one for the Con-
gress, not the Judiciary, to undertake. For all of these
reasons, the Court of Appeals erred by allowing respond-
ents' detention policy claims to proceed under Bivens.
IV 

A

One of respondents' claims under Bivens requires a
different analysis: the prisoner abuse claim against the
MDC's warden, Dennis Hasty. The allegation is that
Warden Hasty violated the Fifth Amendment by allowing
prison guards to abuse respondents.
The warden argues, as an initial matter, that the com-
plaint does not " 'state a claim to relief that is plausible on
its face.' " Iqbal, 556 U. S., at 678 ). Applying its
precedents, the Court of Appeals held that the substantive
standard for the sufficiency of the claim is whether the
warden showed "deliberate indifference" to prisoner abuse.
789 F. 3d, at 249 -- 250. The parties appear to agree on this
standard, and, for purposes of this case, the Court as-
sumes it to be correct.
The complaint alleges that guards routinely abused
respondents; that the warden encouraged the abuse by
referring to respondents as "terrorists"; that he prevented
respondents from using normal grievance procedures; that
he stayed away from the Unit to avoid seeing the abuse;
that he was made aware of the abuse via "inmate com-
plaints, staff complaints, hunger strikes, and suicide
attempts"; that he ignored other "direct evidence of [the]
abuse, including logs and other official [records]"; that he
took no action "to rectify or address the situation"; and
that the abuse resulted in the injuries described above, see
24 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

supra, at 4. These allegations -- assumed here to be true,
subject to proof at a later stage -- plausibly show the war-
den's deliberate indifference to the abuse. Consistent with
the opinion of every judge in this case to have considered
the question, including the dissenters in the Court of
Appeals, the Court concludes that the prisoner abuse
allegations against Warden Hasty state a plausible ground
to find a constitutional violation if a Bivens remedy is to be
implied.
Warden Hasty argues, however, that Bivens ought not
to be extended to this instance of alleged prisoner abuse.
As noted above, the first question a court must ask in a
case like this one is whether the claim arises in a new
Bivens context, i.e., whether "the case is different in a
meaningful way from previous Bivens cases decided by
this Court." Supra, at 16.
It is true that this case has significant parallels to one of
the Court's previous Bivens cases, Carlson v. Green,. There, the Court did allow a Bivens claim for
prisoner mistreatment -- specifically, for failure to provide
medical care. And the allegations of injury here are just
as compelling as those at issue in Carlson. This is espe-
cially true given that the complaint alleges serious viola-
tions of Bureau of Prisons policy. See 28 CFR.20
(2016) (providing that prison staff may use force "only as a
last alternative after all other reasonable efforts to resolve
a situation have failed" and that staff may "use only that
amount of force necessary to [ensure prison safety and
security]");.22(j) ("All incidents involving the use of
force... must be carefully documented");.11 (requir-
ing the warden to investigate certain complaints of inmate
abuse).
Yet even a modest extension is still an extension. And
this case does seek to extend Carlson to a new context. As
noted above, a case can present a new context for Bivens
purposes if it implicates a different constitutional right; if
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 25

Opinion of the Court

judicial precedents provide a less meaningful guide for
official conduct; or if there are potential special factors
that were not considered in previous Bivens cases. See
supra, at 13.
The constitutional right is different here, since Carlson
was predicated on the Eighth Amendment and this claim
is predicated on the Fifth. See 446 U. S., at 16. And the
judicial guidance available to this warden, with respect to
his supervisory duties, was less developed. The Court has
long made clear the standard for claims alleging failure to
provide medical treatment to a prisoner -- "deliberate
indifference to serious medical needs." Estelle v. Gamble,
(1976). The standard for a claim alleging
that a warden allowed guards to abuse pre-trial detainees
is less clear under the Court's precedents.
This case also has certain features that were not consid-
ered in the Court's previous Bivens cases and that might
discourage a court from authorizing a Bivens remedy. As
noted above, the existence of alternative remedies usually
precludes a court from authorizing a Bivens action. Su-
pra, at 14. And there might have been alternative reme-
dies available here, for example, a writ of habeas corpus,
Wolfish, 441 U. S., at 526, ; an injunction requiring the
warden to bring his prison into compliance with the regu-
lations discussed above; or some other form of equitable
relief.
Furthermore, legislative action suggesting that Con-
gress does not want a damages remedy is itself a factor
counseling hesitation. See supra, at 14. Some 15 years
after Carlson was decided, Congress passed the Prison
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which made comprehensive
changes to the way prisoner abuse claims must be brought
in federal court. See 42 U. S. C.. So it seems clear
that Congress had specific occasion to consider the matter
of prisoner abuse and to consider the proper way to rem-
edy those wrongs. This Court has said in dicta that the
26 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

Act's exhaustion provisions would apply to Bivens suits.
See Porter v. Nussle, (2002). But the
Act itself does not provide for a standalone damages rem-
edy against federal jailers. It could be argued that this
suggests Congress chose not to extend the Carlson dam-
ages remedy to cases involving other types of prisoner
mistreatment.
The differences between this claim and the one in Carl-
son are perhaps small, at least in practical terms. Given
this Court's expressed caution about extending the Bivens
remedy, however, the new-context inquiry is easily satis-
fied. Some differences, of course, will be so trivial that
they will not suffice to create a new Bivens context. But
here the differences identified above are at the very least
meaningful ones. Thus, before allowing this claim to
proceed under Bivens, the Court of Appeals should have
performed a special factors analysis. It should have ana-
lyzed whether there were alternative remedies available
or other "sound reasons to think Congress might doubt the
efficacy or necessity of a damages remedy" in a suit like
this one. Supra, at 15.
B
Although the Court could perform that analysis in the
first instance, the briefs have concentrated almost all of
their efforts elsewhere. Given the absence of a compre-
hensive presentation by the parties, and the fact that the
Court of Appeals did not conduct the analysis, the Court
declines to perform the special factors analysis itself. The
better course is to vacate the judgment below, allowing the
Court of Appeals or the District Court to do so on remand.
V
One issue remains to be addressed: the claim that
petitioners are subject to liability for civil conspiracy
under 42 U. S. C.. Unlike the prisoner abuse
claim just discussed, this claim implicates the activities of
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 27

Opinion of the Court

all the petitioners -- the Executive Officials as well as the
Wardens -- in creating the conditions of confinement at
issue here.
The civil-conspiracy prohibition contained in 
was enacted as a significant part of the civil rights legisla-
tion passed in the aftermath of the Civil War. See Car-
penters v. Scott, -- 837 (1983) (detailing
the legislative history of ); Griffin v. Breckenridge,
-- 101 (1971) (same); Great American Fed.
Sav. & Loan Assn. v. Novotny, (1979)
(Powell, J., concurring) (describing as a "Civil
War Era remedial statute"). The statute imposes liability
on two or more persons who "conspire... for the purpose
of depriving... any person or class of persons of the equal
protection of the laws.". In the instant suit,
respondents allege that petitioners violated the statute by
"agreeing to implement a policy" under which respondents
would be detained in harsh conditions "because of their
race, religion, ethnicity, and national origin." Assuming
these allegations to be true and well pleaded, the question
is whether petitioners are entitled to qualified immunity.
A
The qualified immunity rule seeks a proper balance
between two competing interests. On one hand, damages
suits "may offer the only realistic avenue for vindication of
constitutional guarantees." Harlow v. Fitzgerald, (1982). "On the other hand, permitting
damages suits against government officials can entail
substantial social costs, including the risk that fear of
personal monetary liability and harassing litigation will
unduly inhibit officials in the discharge of their duties."
Anderson v. Creighton, (1987). As one
means to accommodate these two objectives, the Court has
held that Government officials are entitled to qualified
immunity with respect to "discretionary functions" per-
28 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

formed in their official capacities. Ibid. The doctrine of
qualified immunity gives officials "breathing room to make
reasonable but mistaken judgments about open legal
questions." Ashcroft v. al-Kidd, (2011).
The Court's cases provide additional instruction to
define and implement that immunity. Whether qualified
immunity can be invoked turns on the "objective legal
reasonableness" of the official's acts. Harlow, supra, at
819. And reasonableness of official action, in turn, must
be "assessed in light of the legal rules that were clearly
established at the time [the action] was taken." Anderson,
supra, at 639 ; see also
Mitchell, 472 U. S., at 528. This requirement -- that an
official loses qualified immunity only for violating clearly
established law -- protects officials accused of violating
"extremely abstract rights." Anderson, supra, at 639.
The Fourth Amendment provides an example of how
qualified immunity functions with respect to abstract
rights. By its plain terms, the Amendment forbids unrea-
sonable searches and seizures, yet it may be difficult for
an officer to know whether a search or seizure will be
deemed reasonable given the precise situation encoun-
tered. See Saucier v. Katz, (2001) ("It is
sometimes difficult for an officer to determine how the
relevant legal doctrine, here excessive force, will apply to
the factual situation the officer confronts"). For this rea-
son, "[t]he dispositive question is 'whether the violative
nature of particular conduct is clearly established.' "
Mullenix v. Luna, 577 U. S. ___, ___ (2015) ( per curiam).
It is not necessary, of course, that "the very action in
question has previously been held unlawful." Anderson,
supra, at 640. That is, an officer might lose qualified
immunity even if there is no reported case "directly on
point." Ashcroft, supra, at 741. But "in the light of pre-
existing law," the unlawfulness of the officer's conduct
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 29

Opinion of the Court

"must be apparent." Anderson, supra, at 640. To subject
officers to any broader liability would be to "disrupt the
balance that our cases strike between the interests in
vindication of citizens' constitutional rights and in public
officials' effective performance of their duties." Davis v.
Scherer, (1984). For then, both as a
practical and legal matter, it would be difficult for officials
"reasonably [to] anticipate when their conduct may give
rise to liability for damages." Ibid.
In light of these concerns, the Court has held that quali-
fied immunity protects "all but the plainly incompetent or
those who knowingly violate the law." Malley v. Briggs,
(1986). To determine whether a given
officer falls into either of those two categories, a court
must ask whether it would have been clear to a reasonable
officer that the alleged conduct "was unlawful in the situa-
tion he confronted." Saucier, supra, at 202. If so, then the
defendant officer must have been either incompetent or
else a knowing violator of the law, and thus not entitled to
qualified immunity. If not, however -- i.e., if a reasonable
officer might not have known for certain that the conduct
was unlawful -- then the officer is immune from liability.
B
Under these principles, it must be concluded that rea-
sonable officials in petitioners' positions would not have
known, and could not have predicted, that pro-
hibited their joint consultations and the resulting policies
that caused the injuries alleged.
At least two aspects of the complaint indicate that peti-
tioners' potential liability for this statutory offense would
not have been known or anticipated by reasonable officials
in their position. First, the conspiracy recited in the com-
plaint is alleged to have been between or among officers in
the same branch of the Government (the Executive
Branch) and in the same Department (the Department of
30 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

Justice). Second, the discussions were the preface to, and
the outline of, a general and far-reaching policy.
As to the fact that these officers were in the same De-
partment, an analogous principle discussed in the context
of antitrust law is instructive. The Court's precedent
indicates that there is no unlawful conspiracy when offic-
ers within a single corporate entity consult among them-
selves and then adopt a policy for the entity. See Copper-
weld Corp v. Independence Tube Corp., -- 771 (1984). Under this principle -- sometimes called the
intracorporate-conspiracy doctrine -- an agreement be-
tween or among agents of the same legal entity, when the
agents act in their official capacities, is not an unlawful
conspiracy. Ibid. The rule is derived from the nature of
the conspiracy prohibition. Conspiracy requires an
agreement -- and in particular an agreement to do an
unlawful act -- between or among two or more separate
persons. When two agents of the same legal entity make
an agreement in the course of their official duties, how-
ever, as a practical and legal matter their acts are attributed
to their principal. And it then follows that there has not
been an agreement between two or more separate people.
See id., at 771 (analogizing to "a multiple team of horses
drawing a vehicle under the control of a single driver").
To be sure, this Court has not given its approval to this
doctrine in the specific context of. See Great
American, 442 U. S., at 372,. There is a division in
the courts of appeals, moreover, respecting the validity or
correctness of the intracorporate-conspiracy doctrine with
reference to conspiracies. See Hull v. Shuck, -- 1262 (1991) (White, J., dissenting from
denial of certiorari) (discussing the Circuit split); Bowie v.
Maddox, 642 F. 3d 1122, 1130 -- 1131 (CADC 2011) (detail-
ing a longstanding split about whether the intracorporate-
conspiracy doctrine applies to civil rights conspiracies).
Nothing in this opinion should be interpreted as either
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 31

Opinion of the Court

approving or disapproving the intracorporate-conspiracy
doctrine's application in the context of an alleged 
violation. The Court might determine, in some later case,
that different considerations apply to a conspiracy respect-
ing equal protection guarantees, as distinct from a con-
spiracy in the antitrust context. Yet the fact that the
courts are divided as to whether or not a conspir-
acy can arise from official discussions between or among
agents of the same entity demonstrates that the law on
the point is not well established. When the courts are
divided on an issue so central to the cause of action al-
leged, a reasonable official lacks the notice required before
imposing liability. See Wilson v. Layne, 
(1999) (noting that it would be "unfair" to subject officers
to damages liability when even "judges... disagree");
Reichle v. Howards, -- 670 (2012) (same).
In addition to the concern that agents of the same legal
entity are not distinct enough to conspire with one another,
there are other sound reasons to conclude that conver-
sations and agreements between and among federal offi-
cials in the same Department should not be the subject of
a private cause of action for damages under. To
state a claim under, a plaintiff must first show
that the defendants conspired -- that is, reached an agree-
ment -- with one another. See Carpenters, 463 U. S., at
828 (stating that the elements of a claim include
"a conspiracy"). Thus, a claim against federal
officials by necessity implicates the substance of their
official discussions.
As indicated above with respect to other claims in this
suit, open discussion among federal officers is to be en-
couraged, so that they can reach consensus on the policies
a department of the Federal Government should pursue.
See supra, at 17 -- 18. Close and frequent consultations to
facilitate the adoption and implementation of policies are
essential to the orderly conduct of governmental affairs.
32 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of the Court

Were those discussions, and the resulting policies, to be
the basis for private suits seeking damages against the
officials as individuals, the result would be to chill the
interchange and discourse that is necessary for the adop-
tion and implementation of governmental policies. See
Cheney, 542 U. S., at 383 (discussing the need for confi-
dential communications among Executive Branch offi-
cials); Merrill, 443 U. S., at 360 (same).
These considerations suggest that officials employed by
the same governmental department do not conspire when
they speak to one another and work together in their
official capacities. Whether that contention should prevail
need not be decided here. It suffices to say that the ques-
tion is sufficiently open so that the officials in this suit
could not be certain that was applicable to their
discussions and actions. Thus, the law respondents seek
to invoke cannot be clearly established. It follows that
reasonable officers in petitioners' positions would not have
known with any certainty that the alleged agreements
were forbidden by law. See Saucier, 533 U. S., at 202.
Petitioners are entitled to qualified immunity with respect
to the claims under 42 U. S. C..
* * *
If the facts alleged in the complaint are true, then what
happened to respondents in the days following September
11 was tragic. Nothing in this opinion should be read to
condone the treatment to which they contend they were
subjected. The question before the Court, however, is not
whether petitioners' alleged conduct was proper, nor
whether it gave decent respect to respondents' dignity and
well-being, nor whether it was in keeping with the idea of
the rule of law that must inspire us even in times of crisis.
Instead, the question with respect to the Bivens claims
is whether to allow an action for money damages in the
absence of congressional authorization. For the reasons
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 33

Opinion of the Court

given above, the Court answers that question in the nega-
tive as to the detention policy claims. As to the prisoner
abuse claim, because the briefs have not concentrated on
that issue, the Court remands to allow the Court of Ap-
peals to consider the claim in light of the Bivens analysis
set forth above.
The question with respect to the claim is
whether a reasonable officer in petitioners' position would
have known the alleged conduct was an unlawful conspir-
acy. For the reasons given above, the Court answers that
question, too, in the negative.
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed as to
all of the claims except the prisoner abuse claim against
Warden Hasty. The judgment of the Court of Appeals
with respect to that claim is vacated, and that case is
remanded for further proceedings.
It is so ordered.

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, JUSTICE KAGAN, and JUSTICE
GORSUCH took no part in the consideration or decision of
these cases.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 15 -- 1358, 15 -- 1359 and 15 -- 1363
_________________

JAMES W. ZIGLAR, PETITIONER
15 -- 1358 v.
AHMER IQBAL ABBASI, ET AL.

JOHN D. ASHCROFT, FORMER ATTORNEY
GENERAL, ET AL., PETITIONERS
15 -- 1359 v.
AHMER IQBAL ABBASI, ET AL.

DENNIS HASTY, ET AL., PETITIONERS
15 -- 1363 v.
AHMER IQBAL ABBASI, ET AL.
ON WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT
[June 19, 2017]

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring in part and concurring in
the judgment.
I join the Court's opinion except for Part IV -- B. I write
separately to express my view on the Court's decision to
remand some of respondents' claims under Bivens v. Six
Unknown Fed. Narcotics Agents, (1971), and
my concerns about our qualified immunity precedents.
I
With respect to respondents' Bivens claims, I join the
opinion of the Court to the extent it reverses the Second
Circuit's ruling. The Court correctly applies our prece-
dents to hold that Bivens does not supply a cause of action
against petitioners for most of the alleged Fourth and
2 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

Fifth Amendment violations. It also correctly recognizes
that respondents' claims against petitioner Dennis Hasty
seek to extend Bivens to a new context. See ante, at 24.
I concur in the judgment of the Court vacating the Court
of Appeals' judgment with regard to claims against Hasty.
Ante, at 29. I have previously noted that " 'Bivens is a relic
of the heady days in which this Court assumed common-
law powers to create causes of action.' " Wilkie v. Robbins,
(2007) (concurring opinion) (Scalia, J., concurring)). I have thus declined to
"extend Bivens even [where] its reasoning logically ap-
plied," thereby limiting "Bivens and its progeny... to the
precise circumstances that they involved." Ibid.. This would, in most cases,
mean a reversal of the judgment of the Court of Appeals is
in order. However, in order for there to be a controlling
judgment in this suit, I concur in the judgment vacating
and remanding the claims against petitioner Hasty as that
disposition is closest to my preferred approach.
II
As for respondents' claims under 42 U. S. C.,
I join Part V of the Court's opinion, which holds that
respondents are entitled to qualified immunity. The
Court correctly applies our precedents, which no party has
asked us to reconsider. I write separately, however, to
note my growing concern with our qualified immunity
jurisprudence.
The Civil Rights Act of 1871, of which and the
more frequently litigated were originally a part,
established causes of action for plaintiffs to seek money
damages from Government officers who violated federal
law. See, 2, 17 Stat. 13. Although the Act made no
mention of defenses or immunities, "we have read it in
harmony with general principles of tort immunities and
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

defenses rather than in derogation of them." Malley v.
Briggs, (1986). We have done so because "[c]ertain im-
munities were so well established in 1871... that 'we
presume that Congress would have specifically so provided
had it wished to abolish' them." Buckley v. Fitzsimmons,
(1993); accord, Briscoe v. LaHue, (1983). Immunity is thus available under
the statute if it was "historically accorded the relevant
official" in an analogous situation "at common law," Imbler
v. Pachtman, (1976), unless the statute
provides some reason to think that Congress did not pre-
serve the defense, see Tower v. Glover, 
(1984).
In some contexts, we have conducted the common-law
inquiry that the statute requires. See Wyatt v. Cole, (1992) (KENNEDY, J., concurring). For
example, we have concluded that legislators and judges
are absolutely immune from liability under for their
official acts because that immunity was well established at
common law in 1871. See Tenney v. Brandhove, -- 376 (1951) (legislators); Pierson v. Ray, -- 555 (1967) (judges). We have similarly looked to
the common law in holding that a prosecutor is immune
from suits relating to the "judicial phase of the criminal
process," Imbler, supra, at 430; Burns v. Reed, -- 492 (1991); but see Kalina v. Fletcher, -- 134 (1997) (Scalia, J., joined by THOMAS, J.,
concurring) (arguing that the Court in Imbler misunder-
stood 1871 common-law rules), although not from suits
relating to the prosecutor's advice to police officers, Burns,
supra, at 493.
In developing immunity doctrine for other executive
officers, we also started off by applying common-law rules.
In Pierson, we held that police officers are not absolutely
immune from a claim arising from an arrest made
4 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

pursuant to an unconstitutional statute because the com-
mon law never granted arresting officers that sort of
immunity. 386 U. S., at 555. Rather, we concluded that
police officers could assert "the defense of good faith and
probable cause" against the claim for an unconstitutional
arrest because that defense was available against the
analogous torts of "false arrest and imprisonment" at
common law. Id., at 557.
In further elaborating the doctrine of qualified immun-
ity for executive officials, however, we have diverged from
the historical inquiry mandated by the statute. See Wyatt,
supra, at 170 (KENNEDY, J., concurring); accord, Crawford-
El v. Britton, (1998) (Scalia, J.,
joined by THOMAS, J., dissenting). In the decisions follow-
ing Pierson, we have "completely reformulated qualified
immunity along principles not at all embodied in the
common law." Anderson v. Creighton, 
(1987) (discussing Harlow v. Fitzgerald, 
(1982)). Instead of asking whether the common law in
1871 would have accorded immunity to an officer for a tort
analogous to the plaintiff 's claim under, we instead
grant immunity to any officer whose conduct "does not
violate clearly established statutory or constitutional
rights of which a reasonable person would have known."
Mullenix v. Luna, 577 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2015) ( per cu-
riam) ( -- 5) ;
Taylor v. Barkes, 575 U. S. ___, ___ (2015) (a
Government official is liable under the 1871 Act only if
" 'existing precedent... placed the statutory or constitu-
tional question beyond debate' " )). We apply this "clearly
established" standard "across the board" and without
regard to "the precise nature of the various officials' duties
or the precise character of the particular rights alleged to
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

have been violated." Anderson, supra, at 641 -- 643.* We have not attempted to
locate that standard in the common law as it existed in
1871, however, and some evidence supports the conclusion
that common-law immunity as it existed in 1871 looked
quite different from our current doctrine. See generally
Baude, Is Qualified Immunity Unlawful? 106 Cal. L. Rev.
(forthcoming 2018) (manuscript, at 7 -- 17), online at
https://papers.ssrn.com/abstract=2896508 (as last visited
June 15, 2017).
Because our analysis is no longer grounded in the
common-law backdrop against which Congress enacted the
1871 Act, we are no longer engaged in "interpret[ing] the
intent of Congress in enacting" the Act. Malley, supra, at
342; see Burns, supra, at 493. Our qualified immunity
precedents instead represent precisely the sort of "free-
wheeling policy choice[s]" that we have previously dis-
claimed the power to make. Rehberg v. Paulk, (2012) ; see
also Tower, supra, at 922 -- 923 ("We do not have a license
to establish immunities from" suits brought under the Act
"in the interests of what we judge to be sound public pol-
icy"). We have acknowledged, in fact, that the "clearly
established" standard is designed to "protec[t] the balance
between vindication of constitutional rights and govern-
ment officials' effective performance of their duties."
Reichle v. Howards, (2012) ; Harlow, supra, at 807 (explain-
ing that "the recognition of a qualified immunity defense... reflected an attempt to balance competing values").
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
* Although we first formulated the "clearly established" standard in
Bivens cases like Harlow and Anderson, we have imported that stand-
ard directly into our 1871 Act cases. See, e.g., Pearson v. Callahan, -- 244 (2009) (applying the clearly established standard to
a claim).
6 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

The Constitution assigns this kind of balancing to Con-
gress, not the Courts.
In today's decision, we continue down the path our
precedents have marked. We ask "whether it would have
been clear to a reasonable officer that the alleged conduct
was unlawful in the situation he confronted," ante, at 29, rather than whether
officers in petitioners' positions would have been accorded
immunity at common law in 1871 from claims analogous
to respondents'. Even if we ultimately reach a conclusion
consistent with the common-law rules prevailing in 1871,
it is mere fortuity. Until we shift the focus of our inquiry
to whether immunity existed at common law, we will
continue to substitute our own policy preferences for the
mandates of Congress. In an appropriate case, we should
reconsider our qualified immunity jurisprudence.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

BREYER, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 15 -- 1358, 15 -- 1359 and 15 -- 1363
_________________

JAMES W. ZIGLAR, PETITIONER
15 -- 1358 v.
AHMER IQBAL ABBASI, ET AL.

JOHN D. ASHCROFT, FORMER ATTORNEY
GENERAL, ET AL., PETITIONERS
15 -- 1359 v.
AHMER IQBAL ABBASI, ET AL.

DENNIS HASTY, ET AL., PETITIONERS
15 -- 1363 v.
AHMER IQBAL ABBASI, ET AL.
ON WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT
[June 19, 2017]

JUSTICE BREYER, with whom JUSTICE GINSBURG joins,
dissenting.
In Bivens v. Six Unknown Fed. Narcotics Agents, (1971), this Court held that the Fourth Amend-
ment provides a damages remedy for those whom federal
officials have injured as a result of an unconstitutional
search or seizure. In Davis v. Passman, 
(1979), the Court held that the Fifth Amendment provides
a damages remedy to an individual dismissed by her
employer (a Member of Congress) on the basis of her sex in
violation of the equal protection component of that
Amendment's Due Process Clause. And in Carlson v.
Green, (1980), the Court held that the Eighth
Amendment provides a damages remedy to a prisoner who
2 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

BREYER, J., dissenting

died as a result of prison official's deliberate indifference
to his medical needs, in violation of the Amendment's
prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment.
It is by now well established that federal law provides
damages actions at least in similar contexts, where claims
of constitutional violation arise. Congress has ratified
Bivens actions, plaintiffs frequently bring them, courts
accept them, and scholars defend their importance. See J.
Pfander, Constitutional Torts and the War on Terror
(2017) (canvassing the history of Bivens and cataloguing
cases). Moreover, the courts, in order to avoid deterring
federal officials from properly performing their work, have
developed safeguards for defendants, including the re-
quirement that plaintiffs plead "plausible" claims, Ashcroft
v. Iqbal, (2009), as well as the defense
of "qualified immunity," which frees federal officials from
both threat of liability and involvement in the lawsuit,
unless the plaintiffs establish that officials have violated
" 'clearly established... constitutional rights,' " id., at 672
).
"[This] Court has been reluctant to extend Bivens liability
'to any new context or new category of defendants.' " Iqbal,
supra, at 675 ). But the Court has made
clear that it would not narrow Bivens' existing scope. See
FDIC v. Meyer, (1994) (guarding
against "the evisceration of the Bivens remedy" so that its
"deterrent effects... would [not] be lost").
The plaintiffs before us today seek damages for uncon-
stitutional conditions of confinement. They alleged that
federal officials slammed them against walls, shackled
them, exposed them to nonstop lighting, lack of hygiene,
and the like, all based upon invidious discrimination and
without penological justification. See ante, at 4 -- 5. In my
view, these claims are well-pleaded, state violations of
clearly established law, and fall within the scope of
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

BREYER, J., dissenting

longstanding Bivens law. For those reasons, I would
affirm the judgment of the Court of Appeals. I shall dis-
cuss at some length what I believe is the most important
point of disagreement. The Court, in my view, is wrong to
hold that permitting a constitutional tort action here
would "extend" Bivens, applying it in a new context. To
the contrary, I fear that the Court's holding would signifi-
cantly shrink the existing Bivens contexts, diminishing
the compensatory remedy constitutional tort law now
offers to harmed individuals.
I shall explain why I believe this suit falls well within
the scope of traditional constitutional tort law and why I
cannot agree with the Court's arguments to the contrary.
I recognize, and write separately about, the strongest of
the Court's arguments, namely, the fact that plaintiffs'
claims concern detention that took place soon after a
serious attack on the United States and some of them
concern actions of high-level Government officials. While
these facts may affect the substantive constitutional
questions (e.g., were any of the conditions "legitimate"?) or
the scope of the qualified-immunity defense, they do not
extinguish the Bivens action itself. If I may paraphrase
Justice Harlan, concurring in Bivens: In wartime as well
as in peacetime, "it is important, in a civilized society, that
the judicial branch of the Nation's government stand
ready to afford a remedy" "for the most flagrant and pat-
ently unjustified," unconstitutional "abuses of official
power." 403 U. S., at 410 -- 411 (opinion concurring in
judgment); cf. Boumediene v. Bush, 
(2008).
I
The majority opinion well summarizes the particular
claims that the plaintiffs make in this suit. All concern
the conditions of their confinement, which began soon
after the September 11, 2001, attacks and "lasted for days
4 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

BREYER, J., dissenting

and weeks, then stretching into months." Ante, at 1. At
some point, the plaintiffs allege, all the defendants knew
that they had nothing to do with the September 11 attacks
but continued to detain them anyway in harsh conditions.
Official Government policy, both before and after the
defendants became aware of the plaintiffs' innocence, led
to the plaintiffs being held in "tiny cells for over 23 hours a
day" with lights continuously left on, "shackled" when
moved, often "strip searched," and "denied access to most
forms of communication with the outside world." Ante, at
4. The defendants
detained the plaintiffs in these conditions on the basis of
their race or religion and without justification.
Moreover, the prison wardens were aware of, but delib-
erately indifferent to, certain unofficial activities of prison
guards involving a pattern of "physical and verbal abuse,"
such as "slam[ming] detainees into walls; twist[ing] their
arms, wrists, and fingers; [breaking] their bones;" and
subjecting them to verbal taunts. Ibid..
The plaintiffs' complaint alleges that all the defend-
ants -- high-level Department of Justice officials and prison
wardens alike -- were directly responsible for the official
confinement policy, which, in some or all of the aspects
mentioned, violated the due process and equal protection
components of the Fifth Amendment. The complaint adds
that, insofar as the prison wardens were deliberately
indifferent to the unofficial conduct of the guards, they
violated the Fourth and the Fifth Amendments.
I would hold that the complaint properly alleges consti-
tutional torts, i.e., Bivens actions for damages.
A
The Court's holdings in Bivens, Carlson, and Davis rest
upon four basic legal considerations. First, the Bivens
Court referred to longstanding Supreme Court precedent
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

BREYER, J., dissenting

stating or suggesting that the Constitution provides fed-
eral courts with considerable legal authority to use tradi-
tional remedies to right constitutional wrongs. That
precedent begins with Marbury v. Madison, 1 Cranch 137
(1803), which effectively placed upon those who would
deny the existence of an effective legal remedy the burden
of showing why their case was special. Chief Justice John
Marshall wrote for the Court that
"[t]he very essence of civil liberty [lies] in the right of
every individual to claim the protection of the laws,
whenever he receives an injury." Id., at 163.
The Chief Justice referred to Blackstone's Commentaries
stating that there
" 'is a general and indisputable rule, that where there
is a legal right, there is also a legal remedy... [and
that] it is a settled and invariable principle in the
laws of England, that every right, when withheld,
must have a remedy, and every injury its proper re-
dress.' " 1 Cranch, at 163.
The Chief Justice then wrote:
"The government of the United States has been em-
phatically termed a government of laws, and not of
men. It will [not] deserve this high appellation, if the
laws furnish no remedy for the violation of a vested
legal right." Ibid.
He concluded for the Court that there must be something
"peculiar" (i.e., special) about a case that warrants "ex-
clu[ding] the injured party from legal redress... [and
placing it within] that class of cases which come under the
description of damnum absque injuria -- a loss without an
injury." Id., at 163 -- 164; but cf. id., at 164 (placing "politi-
cal" questions in the latter, special category).
Much later, in Bell v. Hood, (1946),
6 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

BREYER, J., dissenting

the Court wrote that,
"where federally protected rights have been invaded,
it has been the rule from the beginning that courts
will be alert to adjust their remedies so as to grant the
necessary relief."
See also Bivens, 403 U. S., at 392.
The Bivens Court reiterated these principles and con-
firmed that the appropriate remedial "adjust[ment]" in the
case before it was an award of money damages, the "reme-
dial mechanism normally available in the federal courts."
Id., at 392, 397. Justice Harlan agreed, adding that, since
Congress' "general" statutory "grant of jurisdiction" au-
thorized courts to grant equitable relief in cases arising
under federal jurisdiction, courts likewise had the author-
ity to award damages -- the "traditional remedy at law" -- in
order to "vindicate the interests of the individual" protected
by the Bill of Rights. Id., at 405 -- 407 (opinion concur-
ring in judgment).
Second, our cases have recognized that Congress' silence
on the subject indicates a willingness to leave this matter
to the courts. In Bivens, the Court noted, as an argument
favoring its conclusion, the absence of an "explicit congres-
sional declaration that persons injured by a federal of-
ficer's violation of the Fourth Amendment may not recover
money damages from the agents." Id., at 397. Similarly,
in Davis v. Passman, the Court stressed that there was
"no evidence... that Congress meant... to foreclose" a
damages remedy. 442 U. S., at 247. In Carlson, the Court
went further, observing that not only was there no sign
"that Congress meant to pre-empt a Bivens remedy," but
there was also "clear" evidence that Congress intended to
preserve it. 446 U. S., at 19 -- 20.
Third, our Bivens cases acknowledge that a constitu-
tional tort may not lie when "special factors counse[l]
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 7

BREYER, J., dissenting

hesitation" and when Congress has provided an adequate
alternative remedy. 446 U. S., at 18 -- 19. The relevant
special factors in those cases included whether the court
was faced "with a question of 'federal fiscal policy,' "
Bivens, supra, at 396, or a risk of "deluging federal courts
with claims," Davis, supra, at 248. Carlson acknowledged an additional
factor -- that damages suits "might inhibit [federal offi-
cials'] efforts to perform their official duties" -- but con-
cluded that "the qualified immunity accorded [federal
officials] under [existing law] provides adequate protec-
tion." 446 U. S., at 19.
Fourth, as the Court recognized later in Carlson, a
Bivens remedy was needed to cure what would, without it,
amount to a constitutional anomaly. Long before this
Court incorporated many of the Bill of Rights' guarantees
against the States, see Amar, The Bill of Rights and the
Fourteenth Amendment, 101 Yale L. J. 1193 (1992), fed-
eral civil rights statutes afforded a damages remedy to
any person whom a state official deprived of a federal
constitutional right, see 42 U. S. C. ; Monroe v. Pape,
-- 187 (1961) (describing this history).
But federal statutory law did not provide a damages rem-
edy to a person whom a federal official had deprived of
that same right, even though the Bill of Rights was at the
time of the founding primarily aimed at constraining the
Federal Government. Thus, a person harmed by an un-
constitutional search or seizure might sue a city mayor, a
state legislator, or even a Governor. But that person could
not sue a federal agent, a national legislator, or a Justice
Department official for an identical offense. "[Our] 'consti-
tutional design,' " the Court wrote, "would be stood on its
head if federal officials did not face at least the same
liability as state officials guilty of the same constitutional
transgression." Carlson, supra, at 22 ).
8 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

BREYER, J., dissenting

The Bivens Court also recognized that the Court had
previously inferred damages remedies caused by violations
of certain federal statutes that themselves did not explic-
itly authorize damages remedies. 403 U. S., at 395 -- 396. At
the same time, Bivens, Davis, and Carlson treat the
courts' power to derive a damages remedy from a constitu-
tional provision not as included within a power to find a
statute-based damages remedy but as flowing from those
statutory cases a fortiori.
As the majority opinion points out, this Court in more
recent years has indicated that "expanding the Bivens
remedy is now a 'disfavored' judicial activity." Ante, at 11. Thus,
it has held that the remedy is not available in the context
of suits against military officers, see Chappell v. Wallace,
-- 300 (1983); United States v. Stanley,
-- 684 (1987); in the context of suits
against privately operated prisons and their employees,
see Minneci v. Pollard, (2012); Malesko,
534 U. S., at 70 -- 73; in the context of suits seeking to
vindicate procedural, rather than substantive, constitu-
tional protections, see Schweiker v. Chilicky, (1988); and in the context of suits seeking to
vindicate two quite different forms of important substan-
tive protection, one involving free speech, see Bush v.
Lucas, (1983), and the other involving
protection of land rights, see Wilkie v. Robbins, (2007). Each of these cases involved a context
that differed from that of Bivens, Davis, and Carlson with
respect to the kind of defendant, the basic nature of the
right, or the kind of harm suffered. That is to say, as we
have explicitly stated, these cases were "fundamentally
different from anything recognized in Bivens or subse-
quent cases." Malesko, supra, at 70. In
each of them, the plaintiffs were asking the Court to " 'au-
thoriz[e] a new kind of federal litigation.' " Wilkie, supra,
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 9

BREYER, J., dissenting

at 550.
Thus the Court, as the majority opinion says, repeatedly
wrote that it was not "expanding" the scope of the Bivens
remedy. Ante, at 11. But the Court nowhere suggested
that it would narrow Bivens' existing scope. In fact, to
diminish any ambiguity about its holdings, the Court set
out a framework for determining whether a claim of con-
stitutional violation calls for a Bivens remedy. See Wilkie,
supra, at 549 -- 550. At Step One, the court must determine
whether the case before it arises in a "new context," that
is, whether it involves a "new category of defendants,"
Malesko, supra, at 68, or (presumably) a significantly
different kind of constitutional harm, such as a purely
procedural harm, a harm to speech, or a harm caused to
physical property. If the context is new, then the court
proceeds to Step Two and asks "whether any alternative,
existing process for protecting the interest amounts to a
convincing reason for the Judicial Branch to refrain from
providing a new and freestanding remedy in damages."
Wilkie, 551 U. S., at 550. If there is none, then the court
proceeds to Step Three and asks whether there are " 'any
special factors counselling hesitation before authorizing a
new kind of federal litigation.' " Ibid.
Precedent makes this framework applicable here. I
would apply it. And, doing so, I cannot get past Step One.
This suit, it seems to me, arises in a context similar to
those in which this Court has previously permitted Bivens
actions.
B
1
The context here is not "new," Wilkie, supra, at 550, or
"fundamentally different" than our previous Bivens cases,
Malesko, supra, at 70. First, the plaintiffs are civilians,
not members of the military. They are not citizens, but
the Constitution protects noncitizens against serious
10 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

BREYER, J., dissenting

mistreatment, as it protects citizens. See United States v.
Verdugo-Urquidez, (1990) ("[A]liens
receive constitutional protections when they have come
within the territory of the United States and developed
substantial connections with this country"). Some or all of
the plaintiffs here may have been illegally present in the
United States. But that fact cannot justify physical mis-
treatment. Nor does anyone claim that that fact deprives
them of a Bivens right available to other persons, citizens
and noncitizens alike.
Second, the defendants are Government officials. They
are not members of the military or private persons. Two
are prison wardens. Three others are high-ranking De-
partment of Justice officials. Prison wardens have been
defendants in Bivens actions, as have other high-level
Government officials. One of the defendants in Carlson
was the Director of the Bureau of Prisons; the defendant
in Davis was a Member of Congress. We have also held
that the Attorney General of the United States is not
entitled to absolute immunity in a damages suit arising
out of his actions related to national security. See Mitchell
v. Forsyth, (1985).
Third, from a Bivens perspective, the injuries that the
plaintiffs claim they suffered are familiar ones. They
focus upon the conditions of confinement. The plaintiffs
say that they were unnecessarily shackled, confined in
small unhygienic cells, subjected to continuous lighting
(presumably preventing sleep), unnecessarily and fre-
quently strip searched, slammed against walls, injured
physically, and subject to verbal abuse. They allege that
they suffered these harms because of their race or religion,
the defendants having either turned a blind eye to what
was happening or themselves introduced policies that they
knew would lead to these harms even though the defend-
ants knew the plaintiffs had no connections to terrorism.
These claimed harms are similar to, or even worse than,
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 11

BREYER, J., dissenting

the harms the plaintiffs suffered in Bivens (unreasonable
search and seizure in violation of the Fourth Amendment),
Davis (unlawful discrimination in violation of the Fifth
Amendment), and Carlson (deliberate indifference to
medical need in violation of the Eighth Amend-
ment). Indeed, we have said that, "[i]f a federal prisoner
in a [Bureau of Prisons] facility alleges a constitutional
deprivation, he may bring a Bivens claim against the
offending individual officer, subject to the defense of quali-
fied immunity." Malesko, 534 U. S., at 72; see also Farmer
v. Brennan, (1994) (Bivens case about
prisoner abuse). The claims in this suit would seem to fill
the Bivens' bill. See Sell v. United States, (2003) (Scalia, J., dissenting) ("[A] [Bivens] action...
is available to federal pretrial detainees challenging the
conditions of their confinement").
It is true that the plaintiffs bring their "deliberate indif-
ference" claim against Warden Hasty under the Fifth
Amendment's Due Process Clause, not the Eighth
Amendment's Cruel and Unusual Punishment Clause, as
in Carlson. But that is because the latter applies to con-
victed criminals while the former applies to pretrial and
immigration detainees. Where the harm is the same,
where this Court has held that both the Fifth and Eighth
Amendments give rise to Bivens' remedies, and where the
only difference in constitutional scope consists of a circum-
stance (the absence of a conviction) that makes the viola-
tion here worse, it cannot be maintained that the differ-
ence between the use of the two Amendments is
"fundamental." See City of Revere v. Massachusetts Gen.
Hospital, (1983) ("due process rights" of
an unconvicted person "are at least as great as the Eighth
Amendment protections available to a convicted pris-
oner"); Kingsley v. Hendrickson, 576 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2015)
( -- 11) ("pretrial detainees (unlike convicted
prisoners) cannot be punished at all"); Zadvydas v. Davis,
12 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

BREYER, J., dissenting

(2001) (KENNEDY, J., dissenting) (de-
tention "incident to removal... cannot be justified as
punishment nor can the confinement or its conditions be
designed in order to punish"). See also Bistrian v. Levi,
696 F. 3d 352, 372 (CA3 2012) (permitting Bivens action
brought by detainee in administrative segregation);
Thomas v. Ashcroft, 470 F. 3d 491, 493, 496 -- 497 (CA2
2006) (detainee alleging failure to provide adequate medi-
cal care); Magluta v. Samples, 375 F. 3d 1269, 1271, 1275 -- 
1276 (CA11 2004) (detainee in solitary confinement); Papa
v. United States, 281 F. 3d 1004, 1010 -- 1011 (CA9 2002)
(due process claims arising from death of immigration
detainee); Loe v. Armistead, 582 F. 2d 1291, 1293 -- 1296
(CA4 1978) (detainee's claim of deliberate indifference to
medical need). If an arrestee can bring a claim of exces-
sive force (Bivens itself), and a convicted prisoner can
bring a claim for denying medical care (Carlson), someone
who has neither been charged nor convicted with a crime
should also be able to challenge abuse that causes him to
need medical care.
Nor has Congress suggested that it wants to withdraw a
damages remedy in circumstances like these. By its ex-
press terms, the Prison Litigation Reform Act of 1995
(PLRA) does not apply to immigration detainees. See 42
U. S. C. ("[T]he term 'prisoner' means any per-
son incarcerated or detained in any facility who is accused
of, convicted of, sentenced for, or adjudicated delinquent
for, violations of criminal law... "); see also Agyeman v.
INS, 296 F. 3d 871, 886 (CA9 2002) ("[W]e hold that an
alien detained by the INS pending deportation is not a
'prisoner' within the meaning of the PLRA"); LaFontant v.
INS, 135 F. 3d 158, 165 (CADC 1998) (same); Ojo v. INS,
106 F. 3d 680, 683 (CA5 1997) (same). And, in fact, there
is strong evidence that Congress assumed that Bivens
remedies would be available to prisoners when it enacted
the PLRA -- e.g., Congress continued to permit prisoners to
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 13

BREYER, J., dissenting

recover for physical injuries, the typical kinds of Bivens
injuries. See 28 U. S. C. (2); Pfander, Constitu-
tional Torts, at 105 -- 106.
If there were any lingering doubt that the claim against
Warden Hasty arises in a familiar Bivens context, the
Court has made clear that conditions-of-confinement
claims and medical-care claims are subject to the same
substantive standard. See Hudson v. McMillian, (1992) ("[Wilson v. Seiter, (1991)]
extended the deliberate indifference standard applied to
Eighth Amendment claims involving medical care to
claims about conditions of confinement"). Indeed, the
Court made this very point in a Bivens case alleging that
prison wardens were deliberately indifferent to an in-
mate's safety. See Farmer, supra, at 830, 834.
I recognize that the Court finds a significant difference
in the fact that the confinement here arose soon after a
national-security emergency, namely, the September 11
attacks. The short answer to this argument, in respect to
at least some of the claimed harms, is that some plaintiffs
continued to suffer those harms up to eight months after
the September 11 attacks took place and after the defend-
ants knew the plaintiffs had no connection to terrorism.
See App. to Pet. for Cert. in No. 15 -- 1359, p. 280a. But
because I believe the Court's argument here is its strong-
est, I will consider it at greater length below. See Part
III -- C, infra.
Because the context here is not new, I would allow the
plaintiffs' constitutional claims to proceed. The plaintiffs
have adequately alleged that the defendants were person-
ally involved in imposing the conditions of confinement
and did so with knowledge that the plaintiffs bore no ties
to terrorism, thus satisfying Iqbal's pleading standard.
See 556 U. S., at 679 (claims must be "plausible"); see also
id., at 699 -- 700 (BREYER, J., dissenting). And because it is
clearly established that it is unconstitutional to subject
14 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

BREYER, J., dissenting

detainees to punitive conditions of confinement and to
target them based solely on their race, religion, or national
origin, the defendants are not entitled to qualified immun-
ity on the constitutional claims. See Bell v. Wolfish, -- 539, and (1979); Davis, 442 U. S., at
236 ("It is equally clear... that the Fifth Amendment
confers on petitioner a constitutional right to be free from
illegal discrimination"). (Similarly, I would affirm the
judgment of the Court of Appeals with respect to the
plaintiffs' statutory claim, namely, that the defendants
conspired to deprive the plaintiffs of equal protection of
the laws in violation of 42 U. S. C.. See Turkmen
v. Hasty, 789 F. 3d 218, 262 -- 264 (CA2 2015). I agree with
the Court of Appeals that the defendants are not entitled
to qualified immunity on this claim. See ibid.)
2
Even were I wrong and were the context here "funda-
mentally different," Malesko, 534 U. S., at 70, the plain-
tiffs' claims would nonetheless survive Step Two and Step
Three of the Court's framework for determining whether
Bivens applies, see supra, at 9. Step Two consists of ask-
ing whether "any alternative, existing process for protect-
ing the interest amounts to a convincing reason for the
Judicial Branch to refrain from providing a new and free-
standing remedy in damages." Wilkie, 551 U. S., at 550. I
can find no such "alternative, existing process" here.
The Court does not claim that the PLRA provides plain-
tiffs with a remedy. Ante, at 25 -- 26. Rather, it says that
the plaintiffs may have "had available to them" relief in
the form of a prospective injunction or an application for a
writ of habeas corpus. Ante, at 22. Neither a prospective
injunction nor a writ of habeas corpus, however, will nor-
mally provide plaintiffs with redress for harms they have
already suffered. And here plaintiffs make a strong claim
that neither was available to them -- at least not for a
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 15

BREYER, J., dissenting

considerable time. Some of the plaintiffs allege that for
two or three months they were subject to a "communica-
tions blackout"; that the prison "staff did not permit them
visitors, legal or social telephone calls, or mail"; that their
families and attorneys did not know where they were
being held; that they could not receive visits from their
attorneys; that subsequently their lawyers could call them
only once a week; and that some or all of the defendants
"interfered with the detainees' effective access to legal
counsel." Office of Inspector General (OIG) Report, App.
223, 293, 251, 391; see App. to Pet. for Cert. in No. 15 -- 
1359, at 253a (incorporating the OIG report into the com-
plaint). These claims make it virtually impossible to say
that here there is an "elaborate, comprehensive" alterna-
tive remedial scheme similar to schemes that, in the past,
we have found block the application of Bivens to new
contexts. Bush, 462 U. S., at 385. If these allegations
are proved, then in this suit, it is "damages or noth-
ing." Bivens, 403 U. S., at 410 (Harlan, J., concurring in
judgment).
There being no "alternative, existing process" that pro-
vides a "convincing reason" for not applying Bivens, we
must proceed to Step Three. Wilkie, supra, at 550. Doing
so, I can find no "special factors [that] counse[l] hesitation
before authorizing" this Bivens action. 551 U. S., at 550. I
turn to this matter next.
II

A

The Court describes two general considerations that it
believes argue against an "extension" of Bivens. First, the
majority opinion points out that the Court is now far less
likely than at the time it decided Bivens to imply a cause
of action for damages from a statute that does not explicitly
provide for a damages claim. See ante, at 8 -- 9. Second,
it finds the "silence" of Congress "notable" in that Con-
16 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

BREYER, J., dissenting

gress, though likely aware of the "high-level policies"
involved in this suit, did not "choose to extend to any
person the kind of remedies" that the plaintiffs here
"seek." Ante, at 20 -- 21.
I doubt the strength of these two general considerations.
The first consideration, in my view, is not relevant. I
concede that the majority and concurring opinions in
Bivens looked in part for support to the fact that the Court
had implied damages remedies from statutes silent on the
subject. See 403 U. S., at 397; id., at 402 -- 403 (Harlan, J.,
concurring in judgment). But that was not the main
argument favoring the Court's conclusion. Rather, the
Court drew far stronger support from the need for such a
remedy when measured against a common-law and consti-
tutional history of allowing traditional legal remedies
where necessary. Id., at 392, 396 -- 397. The Court be-
lieved such a remedy was necessary to make effective the
Constitution's protection of certain basic individual rights.
See id., at 392; id., at 407 (opinion of Harlan, J.). Simi-
larly, as the Court later explained, a damages remedy
against federal officials prevented the serious legal anom-
aly I previously mentioned. Its existence made basic
constitutional protections of the individual against Federal
Government abuse (the Bill of Rights' pre-Civil War objec-
tive) as effective as protections against abuse by state
officials (the post-Civil War, post selective-incorporation
objective). See supra, at 7.
Nor is the second circumstance -- congressional silence -- 
relevant in the manner that the majority opinion de-
scribes. The Court initially saw that silence as indicating
an absence of congressional hostility to the Court's exer-
cise of its traditional remedy-inferring powers. See
Bivens, supra, at 397; Davis, 442 U. S., at 246 -- 247. Con-
gress' subsequent silence contains strong signs that it
accepted Bivens actions as part of the law. After all, Con-
gress rejected a proposal that would have eliminated
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 17

BREYER, J., dissenting

Bivens by substituting the U. S. Government as a defend-
ant in suits against federal officers that raised constitu-
tional claims. See Pfander, Constitutional Torts, at 102.
Later, Congress expressly immunized federal employees
acting in the course of their official duties from tort claims
except those premised on violations of the Constitution.
See Federal Employees Liability Reform and Tort Com-
pensation Act of 1988, commonly known as the Westfall
Act, 28 U. S. C. (2)(A). We stated that it is conse-
quently "crystal clear that Congress views [the Federal
Tort Claims Act] and Bivens as [providing] parallel, com-
plementary causes of action." Carlson, 446 U. S., at 20;
see Malesko, 534 U. S., at 68 (similar). Congress has even
assumed the existence of a Bivens remedy in suits brought
by noncitizen detainees suspected of terrorism. See 42
U. S. C. -- 1 (granting qualified immunity -- but
not absolute immunity -- to military and civilian federal
officials who are sued by alien detainees suspected of
terrorism).
B
The majority opinion also sets forth a more specific list
of factors that it says bear on "whether a case presents a
new Bivens context." Ante, at 16. In the Court's view, a
"case might differ" from Bivens "in a meaningful way
because of the rank of the officers involved; the
constitutional right at issue; the generality or specifi-
city of the individual action; the extent of judicial guid-
ance as to how an officer should respond to the problem or
emergency to be confronted; the statutory or other legal
mandate under which the officer was operating; the
risk of disruptive intrusion by the Judiciary into the func-
tioning of other branches; or the presence of potential
special factors that previous Bivens cases did not con-
sider." Ante, at 16. In my view, these factors do not make a
"meaningful difference" at Step One of the Bivens frame-
18 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

BREYER, J., dissenting

work. Some of them are better cast as "special factors"
relevant to Step Three. But, as I see it, none should nor-
mally foreclose a Bivens action and none is determinative
here. Consider them one by one:
(1) The rank of the officers. I can understand why an
officer's rank might bear on whether he violated the Con-
stitution, because, for example, a plaintiff might need to
show the officer was willfully blind to a harm caused by
lower ranking officers or that the officer had actual
knowledge of the misconduct. And I can understand that
rank might relate to the existence of a legal defense, such
as qualified, or even absolute, immunity. But if -- and I
recognize that this is often a very big if -- a plaintiff proves
a clear constitutional violation, say, of the Fourth
Amendment, and he shows that the defendant does not
possess any form of immunity or other defense, then why
should he not have a damages remedy for harm suffered?
What does rank have to do with that question, namely, the
Bivens question? Why should the law treat differently a
high-level official and the local constable where each has
similarly violated the Constitution and where neither can
successfully assert immunity or any other defense?
(2) The constitutional right at issue. I agree that this
factor can make a difference, but only when the substance
of the right is distinct. See, e.g., Wilkie, 
(land rights). But, for reasons I have already pointed out,
there is no relevant difference between the rights at issue
here and the rights at issue in our previous Bivens cases,
namely, the rights to be free of unreasonable searches,
invidious discrimination, and physical abuse in federal
custody. See supra, at 10 -- 11.
(3) The generality or specificity of the individual action.
I should think that it is not the "generality or specificity"
of an official action but rather the nature of the official
action that matters. Bivens should apply to some generally
applicable actions, such as actions taken deliberately to
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 19

BREYER, J., dissenting

jail a large group of known-innocent people. And it should
not apply to some highly specific actions, depending upon
the nature of those actions.
(4) The extent of judicial guidance. This factor may be
relevant to the existence of a constitutional violation or a
qualified-immunity defense. Where judicial guidance is
lacking, it is more likely that a constitutional violation is
not clearly established. See Anderson v. Creighton, (1987) (Officials are protected by qualified
immunity unless "[t]he contours of the right [are] suffi-
ciently clear that a reasonable official would understand
that what he is doing violates that right"). But I do not
see how, assuming the violation is clear, the presence or
absence of "judicial guidance" is relevant to the existence
of a damages remedy.
(5) The statutory (or other) legal mandate under which
the officer was operating. This factor too may prove rele-
vant to the question whether a constitutional violation
exists or is clearly established. But, again, assuming that
it is, I do not understand why this factor is relevant to the
existence of a damages remedy. See Stanley, 483 U. S., at
684 (the question of immunity is "analytically distinct"
from the question whether a Bivens action should lie).
(6) Risk of disruptive judicial intrusion. All damages
actions risk disrupting to some degree future decisionmak-
ing by members of the Executive or Legislative Branches.
Where this Court has authorized Bivens actions, it has
found that disruption tolerable, and it has explained why
disruption is, from a constitutional perspective, desirable.
See Davis, 442 U. S., at 242 (Unless constitutional rights
"are to become merely precatory,... litigants who allege
that their own constitutional rights have been violated,
and who at the same time have no effective means other
than the judiciary to enforce these rights, must be able to
invoke the existing jurisdiction of the courts for... protec-
tion"); Malesko, supra, at 70 ("The purpose of Bivens is to
20 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

BREYER, J., dissenting

deter individual federal officers from committing constitu-
tional violations"). Insofar as the Court means this con-
sideration to provide a reason why there should be no
Bivens action where a Government employee acts in time
of security need, I shall discuss the matter next, in Part C.
(7) Other potential special factors. Since I am not cer-
tain what these other "potential factors" are and, since the
Court does not specify their nature, I would not, and the
Court cannot, consider them in differentiating this suit
from our previous Bivens cases or as militating against
recognizing a Bivens action here.
C
In my view, the Court's strongest argument is that
Bivens should not apply to policy-related actions taken in
times of national-security need, for example, during war or
national-security emergency. As the Court correctly
points out, the Constitution grants primary power to
protect the Nation's security to the Executive and Legisla-
tive Branches, not to the Judiciary. But the Constitution
also delegates to the Judiciary the duty to protect an
individual's fundamental constitutional rights. Hence
when protection of those rights and a determination of
security needs conflict, the Court has a role to play. The
Court most recently made this clear in cases arising out of
the detention of enemy combatants at Guantanamo Bay.
Justice O'Connor wrote that "a state of war is not a blank
check." Hamdi v. Rumsfeld, (2004)
(plurality opinion). In Boumediene, 553 U. S., at 732 -- 733,
the Court reinforced that point, holding that noncitizens
detained as enemy combatants were entitled to challenge
their detention through a writ of habeas corpus, notwith-
standing the national-security concerns at stake.
We have not, however, answered the specific question
the Court places at issue here: Should Bivens actions
continue to exist in respect to policy-related actions taken
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 21

BREYER, J., dissenting

in time of war or national emergency? In my view, they
should.
For one thing, a Bivens action comes accompanied by
many legal safeguards designed to prevent the courts from
interfering with Executive and Legislative Branch activity
reasonably believed to be necessary to protect national
security. In Justice Jackson's well-known words, the
Constitution is not "a suicide pact." Terminiello v. Chicago,
(1949) (dissenting opinion). The Consti-
tution itself takes account of public necessity. Thus, for
example, the Fourth Amendment does not forbid all Gov-
ernment searches and seizures; it forbids only those that
are "unreasonable." Ordinarily, it requires that a police
officer obtain a search warrant before entering an apart-
ment, but should the officer observe a woman being
dragged against her will into that apartment, he should,
and will, act at once. The Fourth Amendment makes
allowances for such "exigent circumstances." Brigham
City v. Stuart, (2006) (warrantless
entry justified to forestall imminent injury). Similarly,
the Fifth Amendment bars only conditions of confinement
that are not "reasonably related to a legitimate govern-
mental objective." Bell v. Wolfish, 441 U. S., at 539. What
is unreasonable and illegitimate in time of peace may be
reasonable and legitimate in time of war.
Moreover, Bivens comes accompanied with a qualified-
immunity defense. Federal officials will face suit only if
they have violated a constitutional right that was "clearly
established" at the time they acted. Harlow, 457 U. S., at
818.
Further, in order to prevent the very presence of a
Bivens lawsuit from interfering with the work of a Gov-
ernment official, this Court has held that a com-
plaint must state a claim for relief that is "plausible."
Iqbal, 556 U. S., at 679. "[C]onclusory" statements and
"[t]hreadbare" allegations will not suffice. Id., at 678.
22 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

BREYER, J., dissenting

And the Court has protected high-level officials in particu-
lar by requiring that plaintiffs plead that an official was
personally involved in the unconstitutional conduct; an
official cannot be vicariously liable for another's misdeeds.
Id., at 676.
Finally, where such a claim is filed, courts can, and
should, tailor discovery orders so that they do not unnec-
essarily or improperly interfere with the official's work.
The Second Circuit has emphasized the "need to vindicate
the purpose of the qualified immunity defense by dismiss-
ing non-meritorious claims against public officials at an
early stage of litigation." Iqbal v. Hasty, 490 F. 3d 143,
158 (2007). Where some of the defendants are "current or
former senior officials of the Government, against whom
broad-ranging allegations of knowledge and personal
involvement are easily made, a district court" not only
"may, but 'must exercise its discretion in a way that pro-
tects the substance of the qualified immunity defense...
so that' " those officials " 'are not subjected to unnecessary
and burdensome discovery or trial proceedings.' " Id., at
158 -- 159. The court can make "all such discovery subject
to prior court approval." Id., at 158. It can "structure...
limited discovery by examining written responses to inter-
rogatories and requests to admit before authorizing depo-
sitions, and by deferring discovery directed to high-level
officials until discovery of front-line officials has been
completed and has demonstrated the need for discovery
higher up the ranks." Ibid. In a word, a trial court can
and should so structure the proceedings with full recogni-
tion that qualified immunity amounts to immunity from
suit as well as immunity from liability.
Given these safeguards against undue interference by
the Judiciary in times of war or national-security emer-
gency, the Court's abolition, or limitation of, Bivens ac-
tions goes too far. If you are cold, put on a sweater, per-
haps an overcoat, perhaps also turn up the heat, but do
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 23

BREYER, J., dissenting

not set fire to the house.
At the same time, there may well be a particular need
for Bivens remedies when security-related Government
actions are at issue. History tells us of far too many in-
stances where the Executive or Legislative Branch took
actions during time of war that, on later examination,
turned out unnecessarily and unreasonably to have de-
prived American citizens of basic constitutional rights.
We have read about the Alien and Sedition Acts, the thou-
sands of civilians imprisoned during the Civil War, and
the suppression of civil liberties during World War I. See
W. Rehnquist, All the Laws but One: Civil Liberties in
Wartime 209 -- 210, 49 -- 50, 173 -- 180, 183 (1998); see also
Ex parte Milligan, 4 Wall. 2 (1866) (decided after the Civil
War was over). The pages of the U. S. Reports themselves
recite this Court's refusal to set aside the Government's
World War II action removing more than 70,000 American
citizens of Japanese origin from their west coast homes
and interning them in camps, see Korematsu v. United
States, (1944) -- an action that at least some
officials knew at the time was unnecessary, see id., at
233 -- 242 (Murphy, J., dissenting); P. Irons, Justice at War
202 -- 204, 288 (1983). President Franklin Roosevelt's
Attorney General, perhaps exaggerating, once said that
"[t]he Constitution has not greatly bothered any wartime
President." Rehnquist, supra, at 191.
Can we, in respect to actions taken during those periods,
rely exclusively, as the Court seems to suggest, upon
injunctive remedies or writs of habeas corpus, their retail
equivalent? Complaints seeking that kind of relief typi-
cally come during the emergency itself, when emotions are
strong, when courts may have too little or inaccurate
information, and when courts may well prove particularly
reluctant to interfere with even the least well-founded
Executive Branch activity. That reluctance may itself set
an unfortunate precedent, which, as Justice Jackson
24 ZIGLAR v. ABBASI

BREYER, J., dissenting

pointed out, can "li[e] about like a loaded weapon" await-
ing discharge in another case. Korematsu, supra, at 246
(dissenting opinion).
A damages action, however, is typically brought after
the emergency is over, after emotions have cooled, and at a
time when more factual information is available. In such
circumstances, courts have more time to exercise such
judicial virtues as calm reflection and dispassionate ap-
plication of the law to the facts. We have applied the
Constitution to actions taken during periods of war and
national-security emergency. See Boumediene, 553 U. S.,
at 732 -- 733; Hamdi v. Rumsfeld, ; cf. Youngs-
town Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer, (1952). I
should think that the wisdom of permitting courts to
consider Bivens actions, later granting monetary compen-
sation to those wronged at the time, would follow
a fortiori.

As is well known, Lord Atkins, a British judge, wrote in
the midst of World War II that "amid the clash of arms,
the laws are not silent. They may be changed, but they
speak the same language in war as in peace." Liversidge
v. Anderson, [1942] A. C. 206 (H. L. 1941) 244. The Court,
in my view, should say the same of this Bivens action.

With respect, I dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
During petitioner's trial on state criminal charges, the
courtroom was occupied by potential jurors and closed to
the public for two days of the jury selection process. De-
fense counsel neither objected to the closure at trial nor
raised the issue on direct review. And the case comes to
the Court on the assumption that, in failing to object,
defense counsel provided ineffective assistance.
In the direct review context, the underlying constitu-
tional violation -- the courtroom closure -- has been treated
by this Court as a structural error, i.e., an error entitling
the defendant to automatic reversal without any inquiry
into prejudice. The question is whether invalidation of the
conviction is required here as well, or if the prejudice
inquiry is altered when the structural error is raised in
the context of an ineffective-assistance-of-counsel claim.
I
In 2003, a 15-year-old boy was shot and killed in Boston.
A witness saw a young man fleeing the scene of the crime
and saw him pull out a pistol. A baseball hat fell off of his
head. The police recovered the hat, which featured a
2 WEAVER v. MASSACHUSETTS

Opinion of the Court

distinctive airbrushed Detroit Tigers logo on either side.
The hat's distinctive markings linked it to 16-year-old
Kentel Weaver. He is the petitioner here. DNA obtained
from the hat matched petitioner's DNA.
Two weeks after the crime, the police went to petition-
er's house to question him. He admitted losing his hat
around the time of the shooting but denied being involved.
Petitioner's mother was not so sure. Later, she questioned
petitioner herself. She asked whether he had been at the
scene of the shooting, and he said he had been there. But
when she asked if he was the shooter, or if he knew who
the shooter was, petitioner put his head down and said
nothing. Believing his response to be an admission of
guilt, she insisted that petitioner go to the police station to
confess. He did. Petitioner was indicted in Massachusetts
state court for first-degree murder and the unlicensed
possession of a handgun. He pleaded not guilty and pro-
ceeded to trial.
The pool of potential jury members was large, some 60
to 100 people. The assigned courtroom could accommodate
only 50 or 60 in the courtroom seating. As a result, the
trial judge brought all potential jurors into the courtroom
so that he could introduce the case and ask certain prelim-
inary questions of the entire venire panel. Many of the
potential jurors did not have seats and had to stand in the
courtroom. After the preliminary questions, the potential
jurors who had been standing were moved outside the
courtroom to wait during the individual questioning of the
other potential jurors. The judge acknowledged that the
hallway was not "the most comfortable place to wait" and
thanked the potential jurors for their patience. 2 Tr. II -- 
103 (Apr. 10, 2006). The judge noted that there was simply
not space in the courtroom for everybody.
As all of the seats in the courtroom were occupied by the
venire panel, an officer of the court excluded from the
courtroom any member of the public who was not a poten-
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

Opinion of the Court

tial juror. So when petitioner's mother and her minister
came to the courtroom to observe the two days of jury
selection, they were turned away.
All this occurred before the Court's decision in Presley v.
Georgia, (2010) (per curiam). Presley made
it clear that the public-trial right extends to jury selection
as well as to other portions of the trial. Id., at 213 -- 215.
Before Presley, Massachusetts courts would often close
courtrooms to the public during jury selection, in particu-
lar during murder trials.
In this case petitioner's mother told defense counsel
about the closure at some point during jury selection. But
counsel "believed that a courtroom closure for [ jury selec-
tion] was constitutional." Crim. No. 2003 -- 11293 (Super.
Ct. Mass., Feb. 22, 2013), App. to Pet. for Cert. 49a. As a
result, he "did not discuss the matter" with petitioner, or
tell him "that his right to a public trial included the [jury
voir dire]," or object to the closure. Ibid.
During the ensuing trial, the government presented
strong evidence of petitioner's guilt. Its case consisted of
the incriminating details outlined above, including peti-
tioner's confession to the police. The jury convicted peti-
tioner on both counts. The court sentenced him to life in
prison on the murder charge and to about a year in prison
on the gun-possession charge.
Five years later, petitioner filed a motion for a new trial
in Massachusetts state court. As relevant here, he argued
that his attorney had provided ineffective assistance by
failing to object to the courtroom closure. After an eviden-
tiary hearing, the trial court recognized a violation of the
right to a public trial based on the following findings: The
courtroom had been closed; the closure was neither de
minimis nor trivial; the closure was unjustified; and the
closure was full rather than partial (meaning that all
members of the public, rather than only some of them, had
been excluded from the courtroom). The trial court fur-
4 WEAVER v. MASSACHUSETTS

Opinion of the Court

ther determined that defense counsel failed to object be-
cause of "serious incompetency, inefficiency, or inatten-
tion." Id., at 63a ). On the
other hand, petitioner had not "offered any evidence or
legal argument establishing prejudice." App. to Pet. for
Cert. 64a. For that reason, the court held that petitioner
was not entitled to relief.
Petitioner appealed the denial of the motion for a new
trial to the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court. The
court consolidated that appeal with petitioner's direct
appeal. As noted, there had been no objection to the clo-
sure at trial; and the issue was not raised in the direct
appeal. The Supreme Judicial Court then affirmed in
relevant part. Although it recognized that "[a] violation of
the Sixth Amendment right to a public trial constitutes
structural error," the court stated that petitioner had
"failed to show that trial counsel's conduct caused preju-
dice warranting a new trial." 474 Mass. 787, 814, 54 N. E.
3d 495, 520 (2016). On this reasoning, the court rejected
petitioner's claim of ineffective assistance of counsel.
There is disagreement among the Federal Courts of
Appeals and some state courts of last resort about whether
a defendant must demonstrate prejudice in a case like this
one -- in which a structural error is neither preserved nor
raised on direct review but is raised later via a claim
alleging ineffective assistance of counsel. Some courts
have held that, when a defendant shows that his attorney
unreasonably failed to object to a structural error, the
defendant is entitled to a new trial without further in-
quiry. See, e.g., Johnson v. Sherry, 586 F. 3d 439, 447
(CA6 2009); Owens v. United States, 483 F. 3d 48, 64 -- 65
(CA1 2007); Littlejohn v. United States, 73 A. 3d 1034,
1043 -- 1044 (D. C. 2013); State v. Lamere, 327 Mont. 115,
125, 112 P. 3d 1005, 1013 (2005). Other courts have held
that the defendant is entitled to relief only if he or she can
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

Opinion of the Court

show prejudice. See, e.g., Purvis v. Crosby, 451 F. 3d 734,
738 (CA11 2006); United States v. Gomez, 705 F. 3d 68,
79 -- 80 (CA2 2013); Reid v. State, 286 Ga. 484, 487, 690
S. E. 2d 177, 180 -- 181 (2010). This Court granted certio-
rari to resolve that disagreement. 580 U. S. ___ (2017). The
Court does so specifically and only in the context of trial
counsel's failure to object to the closure of the courtroom
during jury selection.
II
This case requires a discussion, and the proper applica-
tion, of two doctrines: structural error and ineffective
assistance of counsel. The two doctrines are intertwined;
for the reasons an error is deemed structural may influ-
ence the proper standard used to evaluate an ineffective-
assistance claim premised on the failure to object to that
error.
A
The concept of structural error can be discussed first. In
Chapman v. California, (1967), this Court
"adopted the general rule that a constitutional error does
not automatically require reversal of a conviction." Ari-
zona v. Fulminante, (1991). If the government can show "beyond a rea-
sonable doubt that the error complained of did not
contribute to the verdict obtained," the Court held, then
the error is deemed harmless and the defendant is not
entitled to reversal. Id., at 24.
The Court recognized, however, that some errors should
not be deemed harmless beyond a reasonable doubt. Id.,
at 23,. These errors came to be known as structural
errors. See Fulminante, 499 U. S., at 309 -- 310. The pur-
pose of the structural error doctrine is to ensure insistence
on certain basic, constitutional guarantees that should
define the framework of any criminal trial. Thus, the
6 WEAVER v. MASSACHUSETTS

Opinion of the Court

defining feature of a structural error is that it "affect[s]
the framework within which the trial proceeds," rather
than being "simply an error in the trial process itself." Id.,
at 310. For the same reason, a structural error "def[ies]
analysis by harmless error standards." Id., at 309 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted).
The precise reason why a particular error is not amen-
able to that kind of analysis -- and thus the precise reason
why the Court has deemed it structural -- varies in a sig-
nificant way from error to error. There appear to be at
least three broad rationales.
First, an error has been deemed structural in some
instances if the right at issue is not designed to protect the
defendant from erroneous conviction but instead protects
some other interest. This is true of the defendant's right
to conduct his own defense, which, when exercised, "usu-
ally increases the likelihood of a trial outcome unfavorable
to the defendant." McKaskle v. Wiggins, (1984). That right is based on the fundamental
legal principle that a defendant must be allowed to make
his own choices about the proper way to protect his own
liberty. See Faretta v. California, 
(1975). Because harm is irrelevant to the basis underlying
the right, the Court has deemed a violation of that right
structural error. See United States v. Gonzalez-Lopez, (2006).
Second, an error has been deemed structural if the
effects of the error are simply too hard to measure. For
example, when a defendant is denied the right to select his
or her own attorney, the precise "effect of the violation
cannot be ascertained." Ibid. ). Because the government will,
as a result, find it almost impossible to show that the error
was "harmless beyond a reasonable doubt," Chapman,
supra, at 24, the efficiency costs of letting the government
try to make the showing are unjustified.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 7

Opinion of the Court

Third, an error has been deemed structural if the error
always results in fundamental unfairness. For example, if
an indigent defendant is denied an attorney or if the judge
fails to give a reasonable-doubt instruction, the resulting
trial is always a fundamentally unfair one. See Gideon v.
Wainwright, -- 345 (1963) (right to an
attorney); Sullivan v. Louisiana, 
(1993) (right to a reasonable-doubt instruction). It there-
fore would be futile for the government to try to show
harmlessness.
These categories are not rigid. In a particular case,
more than one of these rationales may be part of the ex-
planation for why an error is deemed to be structural. See
e.g., id., at 280 -- 282. For these purposes, however, one
point is critical: An error can count as structural even if
the error does not lead to fundamental unfairness in every
case. See Gonzalez-Lopez, supra, at 149, (rejecting as
"inconsistent with the reasoning of our precedents" the
idea that structural errors "always or necessarily render a
trial fundamentally unfair and unreliable" (emphasis
deleted)).
B
As noted above, a violation of the right to a public trial
is a structural error. See supra, at 1, 4. It is relevant to
determine why that is so. In particular, the question is
whether a public-trial violation counts as structural be-
cause it always leads to fundamental unfairness or for
some other reason.
In Waller v. Georgia, (1984), the state court
prohibited the public from viewing a weeklong suppression
hearing out of concern for the privacy of persons other
than those on trial. See id., at 41 -- 43. Although it recog-
nized that there would be instances where closure was
justified, this Court noted that "such circumstances will be
rare" and that the closure in question was unjustified. Id.,
8 WEAVER v. MASSACHUSETTS

Opinion of the Court

at 45, 48. Still, the Court did not order a new trial. Id., at
49 -- 50. Instead it ordered a new suppression hearing that
was open to the public. Id., at 50. If the same evidence
was found admissible in that renewed pretrial proceeding,
the Court held, no new trial as to guilt would be neces-
sary. Ibid. This was despite the structural aspect of the
violation.
Some 25 years after the Waller decision, the Court
issued its per curiam ruling in Presley v. Georgia.. In that case, as here, the courtroom was closed
to the public during jury voir dire. Id., at 210. Unlike
here, however, there was a trial objection to the closure,
and the issue was raised on direct appeal. Id., at 210 -- 211.
On review of the State Supreme Court's decision allowing
the closure, this Court expressed concern that the state
court's reasoning would allow the courtroom to be closed
during jury selection "whenever the trial judge decides, for
whatever reason, that he or she would prefer to fill the
courtroom with potential jurors rather than spectators."
Id., at 215. Although
the Court expressly noted that courtroom closure may be
ordered in some circumstances, the Court also stated that
it was "still incumbent upon" the trial court "to consider
all reasonable alternatives to closure." Id., at 215 -- 216.
These opinions teach that courtroom closure is to be
avoided, but that there are some circumstances when it is
justified. The problems that may be encountered by trial
courts in deciding whether some closures are necessary, or
even in deciding which members of the public should be
admitted when seats are scarce, are difficult ones. For
example, there are often preliminary instructions that a
judge may want to give to the venire as a whole, rather
than repeating those instructions (perhaps with uninten-
tional differences) to several groups of potential jurors.
On the other hand, various constituencies of the public -- 
the family of the accused, the family of the victim, mem-
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 9

Opinion of the Court

bers of the press, and other persons -- all have their own
interests in observing the selection of jurors. How best to
manage these problems is not a topic discussed at length
in any decision or commentary the Court has found.
So although the public-trial right is structural, it is
subject to exceptions. See Simonson, The Criminal Court
Audience in a Post-Trial World, 127 Harv. L. Rev. 2173,
2219 -- 2222 (2014) (discussing situations in which a trial
court may order a courtroom closure). Though these cases
should be rare, a judge may deprive a defendant of his
right to an open courtroom by making proper factual
findings in support of the decision to do so. See Waller,
supra, at 45. The fact that the public-trial right is subject
to these exceptions suggests that not every public-trial
violation results in fundamental unfairness.
A public-trial violation can occur, moreover, as it did in
Presley, simply because the trial court omits to make the
proper findings before closing the courtroom, even if those
findings might have been fully supported by the evidence.
See 558 U. S., at 215. It would be unconvincing to deem a
trial fundamentally unfair just because a judge omitted to
announce factual findings before making an otherwise
valid decision to order the courtroom temporarily closed.
As a result, it would be likewise unconvincing if the Court
had said that a public-trial violation always leads to a
fundamentally unfair trial.
Indeed, the Court has not said that a public-trial viola-
tion renders a trial fundamentally unfair in every case. In
the two cases in which the Court has discussed the rea-
sons for classifying a public-trial violation as structural
error, the Court has said that a public-trial violation is
structural for a different reason: because of the "difficulty
of assessing the effect of the error." Gonzalez-Lopez, 548
U. S., at 149, ; see also Waller, supra, at 49,.
The public-trial right also protects some interests that
do not belong to the defendant. After all, the right to an
10 WEAVER v. MASSACHUSETTS

Opinion of the Court

open courtroom protects the rights of the public at large,
and the press, as well as the rights of the accused. See,
e.g., Press-Enterprise Co. v. Superior Court of Cal., River-
side Cty., -- 510 (1984); Richmond News-
papers, Inc. v. Virginia, -- 573 (1980). So
one other factor leading to the classification of structural
error is that the public-trial right furthers interests other
than protecting the defendant against unjust conviction.
These precepts confirm the conclusion the Court now
reaches that, while the public-trial right is important for
fundamental reasons, in some cases an unlawful closure
might take place and yet the trial still will be fundamen-
tally fair from the defendant's standpoint.
III
The Court now turns to the proper remedy for address-
ing the violation of a structural right, and in particular the
right to a public trial. Despite its name, the term "struc-
tural error" carries with it no talismanic significance as a
doctrinal matter. It means only that the government is
not entitled to deprive the defendant of a new trial by
showing that the error was "harmless beyond a reasonable
doubt." Chapman, 386 U. S., at 24. Thus, in the case of a
structural error where there is an objection at trial and
the issue is raised on direct appeal, the defendant gener-
ally is entitled to "automatic reversal" regardless of the
error's actual "effect on the outcome." Neder v. United
States, (1999).
The question then becomes what showing is necessary
when the defendant does not preserve a structural error
on direct review but raises it later in the context of an
ineffective-assistance-of-counsel claim. To obtain relief on
the basis of ineffective assistance of counsel, the defendant
as a general rule bears the burden to meet two standards.
First, the defendant must show deficient performance -- 
that the attorney's error was "so serious that counsel was
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 11

Opinion of the Court

not functioning as the 'counsel' guaranteed the defendant
by the Sixth Amendment." Strickland v. Washington, (1984). Second, the defendant must show
that the attorney's error "prejudiced the defense." Ibid.
The prejudice showing is in most cases a necessary part
of a Strickland claim. The reason is that a defendant has
a right to effective representation, not a right to an attor-
ney who performs his duties "mistake-free." Gonzalez-
Lopez, 548 U. S., at 147. As a rule, therefore, a "violation
of the Sixth Amendment right to effective representation
is not 'complete' until the defendant is prejudiced." Ibid.
(emphasis deleted); see also Premo v. Moore, (2011); Lockhart v. Fretwell, (1993).
That said, the concept of prejudice is defined in different
ways depending on the context in which it appears. In the
ordinary Strickland case, prejudice means "a reasonable
probability that, but for counsel's unprofessional errors,
the result of the proceeding would have been different."
466 U. S., at 694. But the Strickland Court cautioned that
the prejudice inquiry is not meant to be applied in a "me-
chanical" fashion. Id., at 696. For when a court is evalu-
ating an ineffective-assistance claim, the ultimate inquiry
must concentrate on "the fundamental fairness of the
proceeding." Ibid. Petitioner therefore argues that under
a proper interpretation of Strickland, even if there is no
showing of a reasonable probability of a different outcome,
relief still must be granted if the convicted person shows
that attorney errors rendered the trial fundamentally
unfair. For the analytical purposes of this case, the Court
will assume that petitioner's interpretation of Strickland
is the correct one. In light of the Court's ultimate holding,
however, the Court need not decide that question here.
As explained above, not every public-trial violation will
in fact lead to a fundamentally unfair trial. See supra, at
10. Nor can it be said that the failure to object to a public-
trial violation always deprives the defendant of a reason-
12 WEAVER v. MASSACHUSETTS

Opinion of the Court

able probability of a different outcome. Thus, when a de-
fendant raises a public-trial violation via an ineffective-
assistance-of-counsel claim, Strickland prejudice is not
shown automatically. Instead, the burden is on the de-
fendant to show either a reasonable probability of a differ-
ent outcome in his or her case or, as the Court has as-
sumed for these purposes, see supra, at 11, to show that
the particular public-trial violation was so serious as to
render his or her trial fundamentally unfair.
Neither the reasoning nor the holding here calls into
question the Court's precedents determining that certain
errors are deemed structural and require reversal because
they cause fundamental unfairness, either to the defend-
ant in the specific case or by pervasive undermining of the
systemic requirements of a fair and open judicial process.
See Murray, A Contextual Approach to Harmless Error
Review, 130 Harv. L. Rev. 1791, 1813, 1822 (2017) (noting
that the "eclectic normative objectives of criminal proce-
dure" go beyond protecting a defendant from erroneous
conviction and include ensuring " 'that the administration
of justice should reasonably appear to be disinterested' "
)). Those precedents include
Sullivan v. Louisiana, 508 U. S., at 278 -- 279 (failure to
give a reasonable-doubt instruction); Tumey v. Ohio, (1927) (biased judge); and Vasquez v.
Hillery, 474 U. S., at 261 -- 264 (exclusion of grand jurors on
the basis of race). See Neder, supra, at 8 (describing each
of these errors as structural). This Court, in addition, has
granted automatic relief to defendants who prevailed on
claims alleging race or gender discrimination in the selec-
tion of the petit jury, see Batson v. Kentucky, (1986); J. E. B. v. Alabama ex rel. T. B., -- 146 (1994), though the Court has yet to label those
errors structural in express terms, see, e.g., Neder, supra,
at 8. The errors in those cases necessitated automatic
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 13

Opinion of the Court

reversal after they were preserved and then raised on
direct appeal. And this opinion does not address whether
the result should be any different if the errors were raised
instead in an ineffective-assistance claim on collateral
review.
The reason for placing the burden on the petitioner in
this case, however, derives both from the nature of the
error, see supra, at 11 -- 12, and the difference between a
public-trial violation preserved and then raised on direct
review and a public-trial violation raised as an ineffective-
assistance-of-counsel claim. As explained above, when a
defendant objects to a courtroom closure, the trial court
can either order the courtroom opened or explain the
reasons for keeping it closed. See supra, at 8 -- 9. When a
defendant first raises the closure in an ineffective-
assistance claim, however, the trial court is deprived of
the chance to cure the violation either by opening the
courtroom or by explaining the reasons for closure.
Furthermore, when state or federal courts adjudicate
errors objected to during trial and then raised on direct
review, the systemic costs of remedying the error are
diminished to some extent. That is because, if a new trial
is ordered on direct review, there may be a reasonable
chance that not too much time will have elapsed for wit-
ness memories still to be accurate and physical evidence
not to be lost. There are also advantages of direct judicial
supervision. Reviewing courts, in the regular course of the
appellate process, can give instruction to the trial courts in
a familiar context that allows for elaboration of the rele-
vant principles based on review of an adequate record.
For instance, in this case, the factors and circumstances
that might justify a temporary closure are best considered
in the regular appellate process and not in the context of a
later proceeding, with its added time delays.
When an ineffective-assistance-of-counsel claim is raised
in postconviction proceedings, the costs and uncertainties
14 WEAVER v. MASSACHUSETTS

Opinion of the Court

of a new trial are greater because more time will have
elapsed in most cases. The finality interest is more at
risk, see Strickland, 466 U. S., at 693 -- 694 (noting the
"profound importance of finality in criminal proceedings"),
and direct review often has given at least one opportunity
for an appellate review of trial proceedings. These differ-
ences justify a different standard for evaluating a struc-
tural error depending on whether it is raised on direct
review or raised instead in a claim alleging ineffective
assistance of counsel.
In sum, "[a]n ineffective-assistance claim can function
as a way to escape rules of waiver and forfeiture and raise
issues not presented at trial," thus undermining the final-
ity of jury verdicts. Harrington v. Richter, (2011). For this reason, the rules governing ineffec-
tive-assistance claims "must be applied with scrupulous
care." Premo, 562 U. S., at 122.
IV
The final inquiry concerns the ineffective-assistance
claim in this case. Although the case comes on the as-
sumption that petitioner has shown deficient performance
by counsel, he has not shown prejudice in the ordinary
sense, i.e., a reasonable probability that the jury would not
have convicted him if his attorney had objected to the
closure.
It is of course possible that potential jurors might have
behaved differently if petitioner's family had been present.
And it is true that the presence of the public might have
had some bearing on juror reaction. But here petitioner
offered no "evidence or legal argument establishing preju-
dice" in the sense of a reasonable probability of a different
outcome but for counsel's failure to object. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 64a; see Strickland, 466 U. S., at 694.
In other circumstances a different result might obtain.
If, for instance, defense counsel errs in failing to object
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 15

Opinion of the Court

when the government's main witness testifies in secret,
then the defendant might be able to show prejudice with
little more detail. See ibid. Even in those circumstances,
however, the burden would remain on the defendant to
make the prejudice showing, id., at 694, 696, because a
public-trial violation does not always lead to a fundamen-
tally unfair trial, see supra, at 10.
In light of the above assumption that prejudice can be
shown by a demonstration of fundamental unfairness, see
supra, at 11, the remaining question is whether petitioner
has shown that counsel's failure to object rendered the
trial fundamentally unfair. See Strickland, supra, at 696.
The Court concludes that petitioner has not made the
showing. Although petitioner's mother and her minister
were indeed excluded from the courtroom for two days
during jury selection, petitioner's trial was not conducted
in secret or in a remote place. Cf. In re Oliver, (1948). The closure was limited to the jury
voir dire; the courtroom remained open during the eviden-
tiary phase of the trial; the closure decision apparently
was made by court officers rather than the judge; there
were many members of the venire who did not become
jurors but who did observe the proceedings; and there was
a record made of the proceedings that does not indicate
any basis for concern, other than the closure itself.
There has been no showing, furthermore, that the po-
tential harms flowing from a courtroom closure came to
pass in this case. For example, there is no suggestion that
any juror lied during voir dire; no suggestion of misbehav-
ior by the prosecutor, judge, or any other party; and no
suggestion that any of the participants failed to approach
their duties with the neutrality and serious purpose that
our system demands.
It is true that this case comes here on the assumption
that the closure was a Sixth Amendment violation. And it
must be recognized that open trials ensure respect for the
16 WEAVER v. MASSACHUSETTS

Opinion of the Court

justice system and allow the press and the public to judge
the proceedings that occur in our Nation's courts. Even so,
the violation here did not pervade the whole trial or lead
to basic unfairness.
In sum, petitioner has not shown a reasonable probabil-
ity of a different outcome but for counsel's failure to object,
and he has not shown that counsel's shortcomings led to a
fundamentally unfair trial. He is not entitled to a new
trial.
* * *
In the criminal justice system, the constant, indeed
unending, duty of the judiciary is to seek and to find the
proper balance between the necessity for fair and just
trials and the importance of finality of judgments. When a
structural error is preserved and raised on direct review,
the balance is in the defendant's favor, and a new trial
generally will be granted as a matter of right. When a
structural error is raised in the context of an ineffective-
assistance claim, however, finality concerns are far more
pronounced. For this reason, and in light of the other
circumstances present in this case, petitioner must show
prejudice in order to obtain a new trial. As explained
above, he has not made the required showing. The judg-
ment of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court is
affirmed.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 240
_________________

KENTEL MYRONE WEAVER, PETITIONER v.

MASSACHUSETTS

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME JUDICIAL COURT
OF MASSACHUSETTS
[June 22, 2017]

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring.
I write separately with two observations about the scope
of the Court's holding. First, this case comes to us on the
parties' "assumption[s]" that the closure of the courtroom
during jury selection "was a Sixth Amendment violation"
and that "defense counsel provided ineffective assistance"
by "failing to object" to it. Ante, at 1, 15. The Court previ-
ously held in a per curiam opinion -- issued without the
benefit of merits briefing or argument -- that the Sixth
Amendment right to a public trial extends to jury selec-
tion. See Presley v. Georgia, (2010); id.,
at 216 (THOMAS, J., dissenting). I have some doubts about
whether that holding is consistent with the original un-
derstanding of the right to a public trial, and I would be
open to reconsidering it in a case in which we are asked to
do so.
Second, the Court "assume[s]," for the "analytical pur-
poses of this case," that a defendant may establish preju-
dice under Strickland v. Washington, (1984),
by demonstrating that his attorney's error led to a funda-
mentally unfair trial. Ante, at 11. According to Strick-
land, a defendant may establish prejudice by showing "a
reasonable probability that, but for counsel's unprofes-
sional errors, the result of the proceeding would have been
2 WEAVER v. MASSACHUSETTS

THOMAS, J., concurring

different"; by showing an "[a]ctual or constructive denial of
the assistance of counsel altogether"; or by showing that
counsel labored under "an actual conflict of interest." 466
U. S., at 692 -- 694. Strickland did not hold, as the Court
assumes, that a defendant may establish prejudice by
showing that his counsel's errors "rendered the trial fun-
damentally unfair." Ante, at 11. Because the Court con-
cludes that the closure during petitioner's jury selection
did not lead to fundamental unfairness in any event, ante,
at 15 -- 16, no part of the discussion about fundamental
unfairness, see ante, at 11 -- 15, is necessary to its result.
In light of these observations, I do not read the opinion
of the Court to preclude the approach set forth in JUSTICE
ALITO's opinion, which correctly applies our precedents.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 240
_________________

KENTEL MYRONE WEAVER, PETITIONER v.

MASSACHUSETTS

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME JUDICIAL COURT
OF MASSACHUSETTS
[June 22, 2017]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
concurring in the judgment.
This case calls for a straightforward application of the
familiar standard for evaluating ineffective assistance of
counsel claims. Strickland v. Washington, (1984). Weaver cannot meet that standard, and there-
fore his claim must be rejected.
The Sixth Amendment protects a criminal defendant's
right "to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defence."
That right is violated when (1) "counsel's performance was
deficient" in the relevant sense of the term and (2) "the
deficient performance prejudiced the defense." Strickland,
supra, at 687. The prejudice requirement -- which is the
one at issue in this case -- "arises from the very nature" of
the right to effective representation: Counsel simply "can-
not be 'ineffective' unless his mistakes have harmed the
defense (or, at least, unless it is reasonably likely that
they have)." United States v. Gonzalez-Lopez, (2006). In other words, "a violation of the Sixth
Amendment right to effective representation is not 'com-
plete' until the defendant is prejudiced." Ibid.
Strickland's definition of prejudice is based on the reli-
ability of the underlying proceeding. "The benchmark for
judging any claim of ineffectiveness must be whether
counsel's conduct so undermined the proper functioning of
2 WEAVER v. MASSACHUSETTS

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

the adversarial process that the trial cannot be relied on as
having produced a just result." 466 U. S., at 686 (empha-
sis added); see United States v. Cronic, 
(1984). This is so because "[t]he purpose of the Sixth
Amendment guarantee of counsel is to ensure that a de-
fendant has the assistance necessary to justify reliance on
the outcome of the proceeding." Strickland, 466 U. S., at
691 -- 692. Accordingly, an attorney's error "does not war-
rant setting aside the judgment of a criminal proceeding if
the error had no effect on the judgment." Id., at 691.
Weaver makes much of the Strickland Court's state-
ment that "the ultimate focus of inquiry must be on the
fundamental fairness of the proceeding." Id., at 696. But
the very next sentence clarifies what the Court had in
mind, namely, the reliability of the proceeding. In that
sentence, the Court explains that the proper concern -- 
"[i]n every case" -- is "whether, despite the strong pre-
sumption of reliability, the result of the particular pro-
ceeding is unreliable." Ibid. In other words, the focus on
reliability is consistent throughout the Strickland opinion.
To show that a counsel's error rendered a legal proceed-
ing unreliable, a defendant ordinarily must demonstrate
"a reasonable probability that, but for counsel's unprofes-
sional errors, the result of the proceeding would have been
different." Id., at 694. In a challenge to a conviction, such
as the one in this case, this means that the defendant
must show "a reasonable probability that, absent the
errors, the factfinder would have had a reasonable doubt
respecting guilt." Id., at 695.
The Court has relieved defendants of the obligation to
make this affirmative showing in only a very narrow set of
cases in which the accused has effectively been denied
counsel altogether: These include the actual or construc-
tive denial of counsel, state interference with counsel's
assistance, or counsel that labors under actual conflicts of
interest. Id., at 692; Cronic, 466 U. S., at 658 -- 660. Preju-
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

dice can be presumed with respect to these errors because
they are "so likely to prejudice the accused that the cost of
litigating their effect in a particular case is unjustified."
Id., at 658; see Strickland, supra, at 692; Mickens v. Tay-
lor, (2002).
In short, there are two ways of meeting the Strickland
prejudice requirement. A defendant must demonstrate
either that the error at issue was prejudicial or that it
belongs to the narrow class of attorney errors that are
tantamount to a denial of counsel, for which an individual-
ized showing of prejudice is unnecessary.
Weaver attempts to escape this framework by stressing
that the deprivation of the right to a public trial has been
described as a "structural" error, but this is irrelevant
under Strickland. The concept of "structural error" comes
into play when it is established that an error occurred at
the trial level and it must be decided whether the error
was harmless. See Neder v. United States, 
(1999); Arizona v. Fulminante, -- 310
(1991). The prejudice prong of Strickland is entirely
different. It does not ask whether an error was harmless
but whether there was an error at all, for unless counsel's
deficient performance prejudiced the defense, there was no
Sixth Amendment violation in the first place. See Gonzalez-
Lopez, supra, at 150 (even where an attorney's defi-
cient performance "pervades the entire trial," "we do not
allow reversal of a conviction for that reason without a
showing of prejudice" because "the requirement of showing
prejudice in ineffectiveness claims stems from the very
definition of the right at issue"). Weaver's theory conflicts
with Strickland because it implies that an attorney's error
can be prejudicial even if it "had no effect," or only "some
conceivable effect," on the outcome of his trial. Strickland,
supra, at 691, 693. That is precisely what Strickland rules
out.
To sum up, in order to obtain relief under Strickland,
4 WEAVER v. MASSACHUSETTS

ALITO, J., concurring in judgment

Weaver must show that the result of his trial was unreli-
able. He could do so by demonstrating a reasonable likeli-
hood that his counsel's error affected the verdict. Alterna-
tively, he could establish that the error falls within the
very short list of errors for which prejudice is presumed.
Weaver has not attempted to make either argument, so
his claim must be rejected. I would affirm the judgment of
the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts on that
ground.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

BREYER, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 240
_________________

KENTEL MYRONE WEAVER, PETITIONER v.

MASSACHUSETTS

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME JUDICIAL COURT
OF MASSACHUSETTS
[June 22, 2017]

JUSTICE BREYER, with whom JUSTICE KAGAN joins,
dissenting.
The Court notes that Strickland's "prejudice inquiry is
not meant to be applied in a 'mechanical' fashion," ante, at
11 ), and I agree. But, in my view, it follows from this
principle that a defendant who shows that his attorney's
constitutionally deficient performance produced a struc-
tural error should not face the additional -- and often
insurmountable -- Strickland hurdle of demonstrating that
the error changed the outcome of his proceeding.
In its harmless-error cases, this Court has "divided
constitutional errors into two classes": trial errors and
structural errors. United States v. Gonzalez-Lopez, (2006). Trial errors are discrete mistakes
that "occu[r] during the presentation of the case to the
jury." Arizona v. Fulminante, (1991).
Structural errors, on the other hand, "affec[t] the frame-
work within which the trial proceeds." Id., at 310.
The Court has recognized that structural errors' distinc-
tive attributes make them "defy analysis by 'harmless-
error' standards." Id., at 309. It has therefore categorically
exempted structural errors from the case-by-case harm-
lessness review to which trial errors are subjected. Our
precedent does not try to parse which structural errors are
2 WEAVER v. MASSACHUSETTS

BREYER, J., dissenting

the truly egregious ones. It simply views all structural
errors as "intrinsically harmful" and holds that any struc-
tural error warrants "automatic reversal" on direct appeal
"without regard to [its] effect on the outcome" of a trial.
Neder v. United States, (1999).
The majority here does not take this approach. It as-
sumes that some structural errors -- those that "lead to
fundamental unfairness" -- but not others, can warrant
relief without a showing of actual prejudice under Strick-
land. Ante, at 7, 11 -- 12. While I agree that a showing of
fundamental unfairness is sufficient to satisfy Strickland,
I would not try to draw this distinction.
Even if some structural errors do not create fundamen-
tal unfairness, all structural errors nonetheless have
features that make them "defy analysis by 'harmless-error'
standards." Fulminante, supra, at 309. This is why all
structural errors -- not just the "fundamental unfairness"
ones -- are exempt from harmlessness inquiry and warrant
automatic reversal on direct review. Those same features
mean that all structural errors defy an actual-prejudice
analysis under Strickland.
For instance, the majority concludes that some errors -- 
such as the public-trial error at issue in this case -- have
been labeled "structural" because they have effects that
"are simply too hard to measure." Ante, at 6; see, e.g.,
Sullivan v. Louisiana, -- 282 (1993)
(explaining that structural errors have "consequences that
are necessarily unquantifiable and indeterminate"). But
how could any error whose effects are inherently indeter-
minate prove susceptible to actual-prejudice analysis
under Strickland? Just as the "difficulty of assessing the
effect" of such an error would turn harmless-error analysis
into "a speculative inquiry into what might have occurred
in an alternate universe," Gonzalez-Lopez, supra, at 149, 150, so too would it undermine a defendant's ability
to make an actual-prejudice showing to establish an
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

BREYER, J., dissenting

ineffective-assistance claim.
The problem is evident with regard to public-trial viola-
tions. This Court has recognized that "the benefits of a
public trial are frequently intangible, difficult to prove, or
a matter of chance." Waller v. Georgia, (1984). As a result, "a requirement that prejudice be
shown 'would in most cases deprive [the defendant] of the
[public-trial] guarantee, for it would be difficult to envis-
age a case in which he would have evidence available of
specific injury.' " Ibid. (en banc)). In order to establish actual preju-
dice from an attorney's failure to object to a public-trial
violation, a defendant would face the nearly impossible
burden of establishing how his trial might have gone
differently had it been open to the public. See ibid.
(" '[D]emonstration of prejudice in this kind of case is a
practical impossibility...' " )).
I do not see how we can read Strickland as requiring
defendants to prove what this Court has held cannot be
proved. If courts do not presume prejudice when counsel's
deficient performance leads to a structural error, then
defendants may well be unable to obtain relief for incom-
petence that deprived them "of basic protections without
which a criminal trial cannot reliably serve its function as
a vehicle for determination of guilt or innocence." Neder,
supra, at 8 -- 9. This
would be precisely the sort of "mechanical" application
that Strickland tells us to avoid.
In my view, we should not require defendants to take on
a task that is normally impossible to perform. Nor would I
give lower courts the unenviably complex job of decipher-
ing which structural errors really undermine fundamental
fairness and which do not -- that game is not worth the
candle. I would simply say that just as structural errors
4 WEAVER v. MASSACHUSETTS

BREYER, J., dissenting

are categorically insusceptible to harmless-error analysis
on direct review, so too are they categorically insusceptible
to actual-prejudice analysis in Strickland claims. A show-
ing that an attorney's constitutionally deficient perfor-
mance produced a structural error should consequently be
enough to entitle a defendant to relief. I respectfully
dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
The classic example of a property taking by the govern­
ment is when the property has been occupied or otherwise
seized. In the case now before the Court, petition-
ers contend that governmental entities took their real
property -- an undeveloped residential lot -- not by some
physical occupation but instead by enacting burdensome
regulations that forbid its improvement or separate sale
because it is classified as substandard in size. The rele­
vant governmental entities are the respondents.
Against the background justifications for the challenged
restrictions, respondents contend there is no regulatory
taking because petitioners own an adjacent lot. The regu­
lations, in effecting a merger of the property, permit the
continued residential use of the property including for a
single improvement to extend over both lots. This re­
tained right of the landowner, respondents urge, is of
sufficient offsetting value that the regulation is not severe
enough to be a regulatory taking. To resolve the issue
whether the landowners can insist on confining the analy­
sis just to the lot in question, without regard to their
2 MURR v. WISCONSIN

Opinion of the Court

ownership of the adjacent lot, it is necessary to discuss the
background principles that define regulatory takings.
I

A

The St. Croix River originates in northwest Wisconsin
and flows approximately 170 miles until it joins the Mis­
sissippi River, forming the boundary between Minnesota
and Wisconsin for much of its length. The lower portion of
the river slows and widens to create a natural water area
known as Lake St. Croix. Tourists and residents of the
region have long extolled the picturesque grandeur of the
river and surrounding area. E.g., E. Ellett, Summer Ram­
bles in the West 136 -- 137 (1853).
Under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act, the river was
designated, by 1972, for federal protection. (6), 82
Stat. 908, 16 U. S. C. (6) (designating Upper St.
Croix River); Lower Saint Croix River Act of 1972, 86
Stat. 1174, 16 U. S. C. (9) (adding Lower St. Croix
River). The law required the States of Wisconsin and
Minnesota to develop "a management and development
program" for the river area. 41 Fed. Reg. 26237 (1976). In
compliance, Wisconsin authorized the State Department of
Natural Resources to promulgate rules limiting develop­
ment in order to "guarantee the protection of the wild,
scenic and recreational qualities of the river for present
and future generations." Wis. Stat..27(l) (1973).
Petitioners are two sisters and two brothers in the Murr
family. Petitioners' parents arranged for them to receive
ownership of two lots the family used for recreation along
the Lower St. Croix River in the town of Troy, Wisconsin.
The lots are adjacent, but the parents purchased them
separately, put the title of one in the name of the family
business, and later arranged for transfer of the two lots,
on different dates, to petitioners. The lots, which are
referred to in this litigation as Lots E and F, are described
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

Opinion of the Court

in more detail below.
For the area where petitioners' property is located, the
Wisconsin rules prevent the use of lots as separate build­
ing sites unless they have at least one acre of land suitable
for development. Wis. Admin. Code §§ NR 118.04(4),
118.03(27), 118.06(1)(a)(2)(a), 118.06(1)(b) (2017). A grand­
father clause relaxes this restriction for substandard
lots which were "in separate ownership from abutting
lands" on January 1, 1976, the effective date of the regula­
tion. § NR 118.08(4)(a)(1). The clause permits the use of
qualifying lots as separate building sites. The rules also
include a merger provision, however, which provides that
adjacent lots under common ownership may not be "sold or
developed as separate lots" if they do not meet the size
requirement. § NR 118.08(4)(a)(2). The Wisconsin rules
require localities to adopt parallel provisions, see
§ NR 118.02(3), so the St. Croix County zoning ordinance
contains identical restrictions, see St. Croix County, Wis.,
Ordinance.36I.4.a (2005). The Wisconsin rules also
authorize the local zoning authority to grant variances
from the regulations where enforcement would create
"unnecessary hardship." § NR 118.09(4)(b); St. Croix
County Ordinance.09.232.
B
Petitioners' parents purchased Lot F in 1960 and built a
small recreational cabin on it. In 1961, they transferred
title to Lot F to the family plumbing company. In 1963,
they purchased neighboring Lot E, which they held in
their own names.
The lots have the same topography. A steep bluff cuts
through the middle of each, with level land suitable for
development above the bluff and next to the water below
it. The line dividing Lot E from Lot F runs from the river­
front to the far end of the property, crossing the blufftop
along the way. Lot E has approximately 60 feet of river
4 MURR v. WISCONSIN

Opinion of the Court

frontage, and Lot F has approximately 100 feet. Though
each lot is approximately 1.25 acres in size, because of the
waterline and the steep bank they each have less than one
acre of land suitable for development. Even when com­
bined, the lots' buildable land area is only 0.98 acres due
to the steep terrain.
The lots remained under separate ownership, with Lot F
owned by the plumbing company and Lot E owned by
petitioners' parents, until transfers to petitioners. Lot F
was conveyed to them in 1994, and Lot E was conveyed to
them in 1995. Murr v. St. Croix County Bd. of Adjust-
ment, 2011 WI App 29, 332 Wis. 2d 172, 177 -- 178, 184 -- 
185, 796 N. W. 2d 837, 841, 844 (2011); 2015 WI App 13,
359 Wis. 2d 675, 859 N. W. 2d 628 (unpublished opinion),
App. to Pet. for Cert. A -- 3, ¶¶4 -- 5. (There are certain
ambiguities in the record concerning whether the lots had
merged earlier, but the parties and the courts below ap­
pear to have assumed the merger occurred upon transfer
to petitioners.)
A decade later, petitioners became interested in moving
the cabin on Lot F to a different portion of the lot and
selling Lot E to fund the project. The unification of the
lots under common ownership, however, had implicated
the state and local rules barring their separate sale or
development. Petitioners then sought variances from the
St. Croix County Board of Adjustment to enable their
building and improvement plan, including a variance to
allow the separate sale or use of the lots. The Board de­
nied the requests, and the state courts affirmed in rele­
vant part. In particular, the Wisconsin Court of Appeals
agreed with the Board's interpretation that the local
ordinance "effectively merged" Lots E and F, so petitioners
"could only sell or build on the single larger lot." Murr,
supra, at 184, 796 N. W. 2d, at 844.
Petitioners filed the present action in state court, alleg­
ing that the state and county regulations worked a regula­
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

Opinion of the Court

tory taking by depriving them of "all, or practically all, of
the use of Lot E because the lot cannot be sold or devel­
oped as a separate lot." App. 9. The parties each submit­
ted appraisal numbers to the trial court. Respondents'
appraisal included values of $698,300 for the lots together
as regulated; $771,000 for the lots as two distinct build-
able properties; and $373,000 for Lot F as a single lot with
improvements. Record 17 -- 55, 17 -- 56. Petitioners' ap­
praisal included an unrebutted, estimated value of
$40,000 for Lot E as an undevelopable lot, based on the
counterfactual assumption that it could be sold as a sepa­
rate property. Id., at 22 -- 188.
The Circuit Court of St. Croix County granted summary
judgment to the State, explaining that petitioners retained
"several available options for the use and enjoyment of
their property." Case No. 12 -- CV -- 258 (Oct. 31, 2013), App.
to Pet. for Cert. B -- 9. For example, they could preserve the
existing cabin, relocate the cabin, or eliminate the cabin
and build a new residence on Lot E, on Lot F, or across
both lots. The court also found petitioners had not been
deprived of all economic value of their property. Consider­
ing the valuation of the property as a single lot versus two
separate lots, the court found the market value of the
property was not significantly affected by the regulations
because the decrease in value was less than 10 percent.
Ibid.
The Wisconsin Court of Appeals affirmed. The court
explained that the regulatory takings inquiry required it
to " 'first determine what, precisely, is the property at
issue.' " Id., at A -- 9, ¶17. Relying on Wisconsin Supreme
Court precedent in Zealy v. Waukesha, 201 Wis. 2d 365,
548 N. W. 2d 528 (1996), the Court of Appeals rejected
petitioners' request to analyze the effect of the regulations
on Lot E only. Instead, the court held the takings analysis
"properly focused" on the regulations' effect "on the Murrs'
property as a whole" -- that is, Lots E and F together. App.
6 MURR v. WISCONSIN

Opinion of the Court

to Pet. for Cert. A -- 12, ¶22.
Using this framework, the Court of Appeals concluded
the merger regulations did not effect a taking. In particu­
lar, the court explained that petitioners could not reason­
ably have expected to use the lots separately because they
were " 'charged with knowledge of the existing zoning
laws' " when they acquired the property. Ibid.. Thus, "even if
[petitioners] did intend to develop or sell Lot E separately,
that expectation of separate treatment became unreason­
able when they chose to acquire Lot E in 1995, after their
having acquired Lot F in 1994." App. to Pet. for Cert. A -- 
17, ¶30. The court also discounted the severity of the
economic impact on petitioners' property, recognizing the
Circuit Court's conclusion that the regulations diminished
the property's combined value by less than 10 percent.
The Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied discretionary
review. This Court granted certiorari, 577 U. S. ___
(2016).
II

A

The Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment provides
that private property shall not "be taken for public use,
without just compensation." The Clause is made applica­
ble to the States through the Fourteenth Amendment.
Chicago, B. & Q. R. Co. v. Chicago, (1897).
As this Court has recognized, the plain language of the
Takings Clause "requires the payment of compensation
whenever the government acquires private property for a
public purpose," see Tahoe-Sierra Preservation Council,
Inc. v. Tahoe Regional Planning Agency, (2002), but it does not address in specific terms the
imposition of regulatory burdens on private property.
Indeed, "[p]rior to Justice Holmes's exposition in Pennsyl-
vania Coal Co. v. Mahon, (1922), it was
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 7

Opinion of the Court

generally thought that the Takings Clause reached only a
direct appropriation of property, or the functional equiva­
lent of a practical ouster of the owner's possession," like
the permanent flooding of property. Lucas v. South Caro-
lina Coastal Council, (1992) (citation,
brackets, and internal quotation marks omitted); accord,
Horne v. Department of Agriculture, 576 U. S. ___, ___
(2015) ; see also Loretto v. Teleprompter
Manhattan CATV Corp., (1982). Ma-
hon, however, initiated this Court's regulatory takings
jurisprudence, declaring that "while property may be
regulated to a certain extent, if regulation goes too far it
will be recognized as a taking." 260 U. S., at 415. A regu­
lation, then, can be so burdensome as to become a taking,
yet the Mahon Court did not formulate more detailed
guidance for determining when this limit is reached.
In the near century since Mahon, the Court for the most
part has refrained from elaborating this principle through
definitive rules. This area of the law has been character­
ized by "ad hoc, factual inquiries, designed to allow careful
examination and weighing of all the relevant circumstances."
Tahoe-Sierra, supra, at 322 (citation and internal quota­
tion marks omitted). The Court has, however, stated two
guidelines relevant here for determining when govern­
ment regulation is so onerous that it constitutes a taking.
First, "with certain qualifications... a regulation which
'denies all economically beneficial or productive use of
land' will require compensation under the Takings
Clause." Palazzolo v. Rhode Island, 
(2001). Second, when a
regulation impedes the use of property without depriving
the owner of all economically beneficial use, a taking still
may be found based on "a complex of factors," including (1)
the economic impact of the regulation on the claimant; (2)
the extent to which the regulation has interfered with
distinct investment-backed expectations; and (3) the char­
8 MURR v. WISCONSIN

Opinion of the Court

acter of the governmental action. Palazzolo, supra, at 617
).
By declaring that the denial of all economically benefi­
cial use of land constitutes a regulatory taking, Lucas
stated what it called a "categorical" rule. See 505 U. S., at
1015. Even in Lucas, however, the Court included a ca­
veat recognizing the relevance of state law and land-use
customs: The complete deprivation of use will not re-
quire compensation if the challenged limitations "inhere... in the restrictions that background principles of the
State's law of property and nuisance already placed upon
land ownership." Id., at 1029; see also id., at 1030 -- 1031
(listing factors for courts to consider in making this
determination).
A central dynamic of the Court's regulatory takings
jurisprudence, then, is its flexibility. This has been and
remains a means to reconcile two competing objectives
central to regulatory takings doctrine. One is the individ­
ual's right to retain the interests and exercise the free­
doms at the core of private property ownership. Cf. id., at
1028 ("[T]he notion... that title is somehow held subject
to the 'implied limitation' that the State may subsequently
eliminate all economically valuable use is inconsistent
with the historical compact recorded in the Takings
Clause that has become part of our constitutional cul­
ture"). Property rights are necessary to preserve freedom,
for property ownership empowers persons to shape and to
plan their own destiny in a world where governments are
always eager to do so for them.
The other persisting interest is the government's well-
established power to "adjus[t] rights for the public good."
Andrus v. Allard, (1979). As Justice
Holmes declared, "Government hardly could go on if to
some extent values incident to property could not be di­
minished without paying for every such change in the
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 9

Opinion of the Court

general law." Mahon, supra, at 413. In adjudicating
regulatory takings cases a proper balancing of these prin­
ciples requires a careful inquiry informed by the specifics
of the case. In all instances, the analysis must be driven
"by the purpose of the Takings Clause, which is to prevent
the government from 'forcing some people alone to bear
public burdens which, in all fairness and justice, should be
borne by the public as a whole.' " Palazzolo, supra, at 617 -- 
618 ).
B
This case presents a question that is linked to the ulti­
mate determination whether a regulatory taking has
occurred: What is the proper unit of property against
which to assess the effect of the challenged governmental
action? Put another way, "[b]ecause our test for regulatory
taking requires us to compare the value that has been
taken from the property with the value that remains in
the property, one of the critical questions is determining
how to define the unit of property 'whose value is to fur­
nish the denominator of the fraction.' " Keystone Bitumi-
nous Coal Assn. v. DeBenedictis, (1987)
).
As commentators have noted, the answer to this ques­
tion may be outcome determinative. See Eagle, The Four-
Factor Penn Central Regulatory Takings Test, 118 Pa. St.
L. Rev. 601, 631 (2014); see also Wright, A New Time for
Denominators, 34 Env. L. 175, 180 (2004). This Court,
too, has explained that the question is important to the
regulatory takings inquiry. "To the extent that any por­
tion of property is taken, that portion is always taken in
its entirety; the relevant question, however, is whether the
property taken is all, or only a portion of, the parcel in
question." Concrete Pipe & Products of Cal., Inc. v. Con-
10 MURR v. WISCONSIN

Opinion of the Court

struction Laborers Pension Trust for Southern Cal., (1993).
Defining the property at the outset, however, should not
necessarily preordain the outcome in every case. In some,
though not all, cases the effect of the challenged regulation
must be assessed and understood by the effect on the
entire property held by the owner, rather than just some
part of the property that, considered just on its own, has
been diminished in value. This demonstrates the contrast
between regulatory takings, where the goal is usually to
determine how the challenged regulation affects the prop­
erty's value to the owner, and physical takings, where the
impact of physical appropriation or occupation of the
property will be evident.
While the Court has not set forth specific guidance on
how to identify the relevant parcel for the regulatory
taking inquiry, there are two concepts which the Court
has indicated can be unduly narrow.
First, the Court has declined to limit the parcel in an
artificial manner to the portion of property targeted by the
challenged regulation. In Penn Central, for example, the
Court rejected a challenge to the denial of a permit to
build an office tower above Grand Central Terminal. The
Court refused to measure the effect of the denial only
against the "air rights" above the terminal, cautioning
that " '[t]aking' jurisprudence does not divide a single
parcel into discrete segments and attempt to determine
whether rights in a particular segment have been entirely
abrogated." 438 U. S., at 130.
In a similar way, in Tahoe-Sierra, the Court refused to
"effectively sever" the 32 months during which petitioners'
property was restricted by temporary moratoria on devel­
opment "and then ask whether that segment ha[d] been
taken in its entirety." 535 U. S., at 331. That was because
"defining the property interest taken in terms of the very
regulation being challenged is circular." Ibid. That ap­
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 11

Opinion of the Court

proach would overstate the effect of regulation on property,
turning "every delay" into a "total ban." Ibid.
The second concept about which the Court has ex­
pressed caution is the view that property rights under the
Takings Clause should be coextensive with those under
state law. Although property interests have their founda­
tions in state law, the Palazzolo Court reversed a state-
court decision that rejected a takings challenge to regula­
tions that predated the landowner's acquisition of title.
533 U. S., at 626 -- 627. The Court explained that States do
not have the unfettered authority to "shape and define
property rights and reasonable investment-backed expec­
tations," leaving landowners without recourse against
unreasonable regulations. Id., at 626.
By the same measure, defining the parcel by reference
to state law could defeat a challenge even to a state en­
actment that alters permitted uses of property in ways
inconsistent with reasonable investment-backed expecta­
tions. For example, a State might enact a law that consol­
idates nonadjacent property owned by a single person or
entity in different parts of the State and then imposes
development limits on the aggregate set. If a court de­
fined the parcel according to the state law requiring con­
solidation, this improperly would fortify the state law
against a takings claim, because the court would look to
the retained value in the property as a whole rather than
considering whether individual holdings had lost all value.
III

A

As the foregoing discussion makes clear, no single con­
sideration can supply the exclusive test for determining
the denominator. Instead, courts must consider a number
of factors. These include the treatment of the land under
state and local law; the physical characteristics of the
land; and the prospective value of the regulated land. The
12 MURR v. WISCONSIN

Opinion of the Court

endeavor should determine whether reasonable expecta­
tions about property ownership would lead a landowner to
anticipate that his holdings would be treated as one par­
cel, or, instead, as separate tracts. The inquiry is objec­
tive, and the reasonable expectations at issue derive from
background customs and the whole of our legal tradition.
Cf. Lucas, 505 U. S., at 1035 (KENNEDY, J., concurring)
("The expectations protected by the Constitution are based
on objective rules and customs that can be understood as
reasonable by all parties involved").
First, courts should give substantial weight to the
treatment of the land, in particular how it is bounded or
divided, under state and local law. The reasonable expec­
tations of an acquirer of land must acknowledge legitimate
restrictions affecting his or her subsequent use and dis­
pensation of the property. See Ballard v. Hunter, (1907) ("Of what concerns or may concern
their real estate men usually keep informed, and on that
probability the law may frame its proceedings"). A valid
takings claim will not evaporate just because a purchaser
took title after the law was enacted. See Palazzolo, 533
U. S., at 627 (some "enactments are unreasonable and do
not become less so through passage of time or title"). A
reasonable restriction that predates a landowner's acquisi­
tion, however, can be one of the objective factors that most
landowners would reasonably consider in forming fair
expectations about their property. See ibid. ("[A] prospec­
tive enactment, such as a new zoning ordinance, can limit
the value of land without effecting a taking because it can
be understood as reasonable by all concerned"). In
a similar manner, a use restriction which is triggered
only after, or because of, a change in ownership should
also guide a court's assessment of reasonable private
expectations.
Second, courts must look to the physical characteristics
of the landowner's property. These include the physical
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 13

Opinion of the Court

relationship of any distinguishable tracts, the parcel's
topography, and the surrounding human and ecological
environment. In particular, it may be relevant that the
property is located in an area that is subject to, or likely to
become subject to, environmental or other regulation. Cf.
Lucas, supra, at 1035 (KENNEDY, J., concurring) ("Coastal
property may present such unique concerns for a fragile
land system that the State can go further in regulating its
development and use than the common law of nuisance
might otherwise permit").
Third, courts should assess the value of the property
under the challenged regulation, with special attention to
the effect of burdened land on the value of other holdings.
Though a use restriction may decrease the market value of
the property, the effect may be tempered if the regulated
land adds value to the remaining property, such as by
increasing privacy, expanding recreational space, or pre­
serving surrounding natural beauty. A law that limits use
of a landowner's small lot in one part of the city by reason
of the landowner's nonadjacent holdings elsewhere may
decrease the market value of the small lot in an unmiti­
gated fashion. The absence of a special relationship be­
tween the holdings may counsel against consideration of
all the holdings as a single parcel, making the restrictive
law susceptible to a takings challenge. On the other hand,
if the landowner's other property is adjacent to the small
lot, the market value of the properties may well increase if
their combination enables the expansion of a structure, or
if development restraints for one part of the parcel protect
the unobstructed skyline views of another part. That, in
turn, may counsel in favor of treatment as a single parcel
and may reveal the weakness of a regulatory takings
challenge to the law.
State and federal courts have considerable experience in
adjudicating regulatory takings claims that depart from
these examples in various ways. The Court anticipates
14 MURR v. WISCONSIN

Opinion of the Court

that in applying the test above they will continue to exer­
cise care in this complex area.
B
The State of Wisconsin and petitioners each ask this
Court to adopt a formalistic rule to guide the parcel in­
quiry. Neither proposal suffices to capture the central
legal and factual principles that inform reasonable expec­
tations about property interests.
Wisconsin would tie the definition of the parcel to state
law, considering the two lots here as a single whole due to
their merger under the challenged regulations. That
approach, as already noted, simply assumes the answer to
the question: May the State define the relevant parcel in a
way that permits it to escape its responsibility to justify
regulation in light of legitimate property expectations? It
is, of course, unquestionable that the law must recognize
those legitimate expectations in order to give proper
weight to the rights of owners and the right of the State to
pass reasonable laws and regulations. See Palazzolo,
supra, at 627.
Wisconsin bases its position on a footnote in Lucas,
which suggests the answer to the denominator question
"may lie in how the owner's reasonable expectations have
been shaped by the State's law of property -- i.e., whether
and to what degree the State's law has accorded legal
recognition and protection to the particular interest in
land with respect to which the takings claimant alleges a
diminution in (or elimination of) value." 505 U. S., at
1017,. As an initial matter, Lucas referenced the
parcel problem only in dicta, unnecessary to the an­
nouncement or application of the rule it established. See
ibid. ("[W]e avoid th[e] difficulty" of determining the rele­
vant parcel "in the present case"). In any event, the test
the Court adopts today is consistent with the respect for
state law described in Lucas. The test considers state law
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 15

Opinion of the Court

but in addition weighs whether the state enactments at
issue accord with other indicia of reasonable expectations
about property.
Petitioners propose a different test that is also flawed.
They urge the Court to adopt a presumption that lot lines
define the relevant parcel in every instance, making Lot E
the necessary denominator. Petitioners' argument, how­
ever, ignores the fact that lot lines are themselves crea­
tures of state law, which can be overridden by the State in
the reasonable exercise of its power. In effect, petitioners
ask this Court to credit the aspect of state law that favors
their preferred result (lot lines) and ignore that which
does not (merger provision).
This approach contravenes the Court's case law, which
recognizes that reasonable land-use regulations do not
work a taking. See Palazzolo, 533 U. S., at 627; Mahon,
260 U. S., at 413. Among other cases, Agins v. City of
Tiburon, (1980), demonstrates the validity of
this proposition because it upheld zoning regulations as a
legitimate exercise of the government's police power. Of
course, the Court's later opinion in Lingle v. Chevron
U. S. A. Inc. recognized that the test articulated in
Agins -- that regulation effects a taking if it " 'does not
substantially advance legitimate state interests' " -- was
improper because it invited courts to engage in heightened
review of the effectiveness of government regulation. (2005).
Lingle made clear, however, that the holding of Agins
survived, even if its test was "imprecis[e]." See 544 U. S.,
at 545 -- 546, 548.
The merger provision here is likewise a legitimate exer­
cise of government power, as reflected by its consistency
with a long history of state and local merger regulations
that originated nearly a century ago. See Brief for Na­
tional Association of Counties et al. as Amici Curiae 5 -- 10.
Merger provisions often form part of a regulatory scheme
16 MURR v. WISCONSIN

Opinion of the Court

that establishes a minimum lot size in order to preserve
open space while still allowing orderly development. See
E. McQuillin, Law of Municipal Corporations :24 (3d
ed. 2010); see also Agins, supra, at 262 (challenged "zoning
ordinances benefit[ed] the appellants as well as the public
by serving the city's interest in assuring careful and orderly
development of residential property with provision for
open-space areas").
When States or localities first set a minimum lot size,
there often are existing lots that do not meet the new
requirements, and so local governments will strive to
reduce substandard lots in a gradual manner. The regula­
tions here represent a classic way of doing this: by imple­
menting a merger provision, which combines contiguous
substandard lots under common ownership, alongside a
grandfather clause, which preserves adjacent substandard
lots that are in separate ownership. Also, as here, the
harshness of a merger provision may be ameliorated by
the availability of a variance from the local zoning author­
ity for landowners in special circumstances. See 3 E.
Ziegler, Rathkopf 's Law of Zoning and Planning :13
(39th ed. 2017).
Petitioners' insistence that lot lines define the relevant
parcel ignores the well-settled reliance on the merger
provision as a common means of balancing the legitimate
goals of regulation with the reasonable expectations of
landowners. Petitioners' rule would frustrate municipali­
ties' ability to implement minimum lot size regulations by
casting doubt on the many merger provisions that exist
nationwide today. See Brief for National Association of
Counties et al. as Amici Curiae 12 -- 31 (listing over 100
examples of merger provisions).
Petitioners' reliance on lot lines also is problematic for
another reason. Lot lines have varying degrees of formality
across the States, so it is difficult to make them a stand­
ard measure of the reasonable expectations of property
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 17

Opinion of the Court

owners. Indeed, in some jurisdictions, lot lines may be
subject to informal adjustment by property owners, with
minimal government oversight. See Brief for California
et al. as Amici Curiae 17; 1 J. Kushner, Subdivision Law
and Growth Management :8 (2d ed. 2017) (lot line ad­
justments that create no new parcels are often exempt
from subdivision review); see, e.g., Cal. Govt. Code Ann.
(West 2016) (permitting adjustment of lot lines
subject to limited conditions for government approval).
The ease of modifying lot lines also creates the risk of
gamesmanship by landowners, who might seek to alter the
lines in anticipation of regulation that seems likely to
affect only part of their property.
IV
Under the appropriate multifactor standard, it follows
that for purposes of determining whether a regulatory
taking has occurred here, petitioners' property should be
evaluated as a single parcel consisting of Lots E and F
together.
First, the treatment of the property under state and
local law indicates petitioners' property should be treated
as one when considering the effects of the restrictions. As
the Wisconsin courts held, the state and local regulations
merged Lots E and F. E.g., App. to Pet. for Cert. A -- 3, ¶6
("The 1995 transfer of Lot E brought the lots under com­
mon ownership and resulted in a merger of the two lots
under [the local ordinance]"). The decision to adopt the
merger provision at issue here was for a specific and legit­
imate purpose, consistent with the widespread under­
standing that lot lines are not dominant or controlling in
every case. See supra, at ___. Petitioners' land was sub­
ject to this regulatory burden, moreover, only because of
voluntary conduct in bringing the lots under common
ownership after the regulations were enacted. As a result,
the valid merger of the lots under state law informs the
18 MURR v. WISCONSIN

Opinion of the Court

reasonable expectation they will be treated as a single
property.
Second, the physical characteristics of the property
support its treatment as a unified parcel. The lots are
contiguous along their longest edge. Their rough terrain
and narrow shape make it reasonable to expect their
range of potential uses might be limited. Cf. App. to Pet.
for Cert. A -- 5, ¶8 ("[Petitioners] asserted Lot E could not
be put to alternative uses like agriculture or commerce
due to its size, location and steep terrain"). The land's
location along the river is also significant. Petitioners
could have anticipated public regulation might affect their
enjoyment of their property, as the Lower St. Croix was a
regulated area under federal, state, and local law long
before petitioners possessed the land.
Third, the prospective value that Lot E brings to Lot F
supports considering the two as one parcel for purposes of
determining if there is a regulatory taking. Petitioners
are prohibited from selling Lots E and F separately or
from building separate residential structures on each. Yet
this restriction is mitigated by the benefits of using the
property as an integrated whole, allowing increased privacy
and recreational space, plus the optimal location of any
improvements. See Case No. 12 -- CV -- 258, App. to Pet. for
Cert. B -- 9 ("They have an elevated level of privacy because
they do not have close neighbors and are able to swim and
play volleyball at the property").
The special relationship of the lots is further shown by
their combined valuation. Were Lot E separately saleable
but still subject to the development restriction, petitioners'
appraiser would value the property at only $40,000. We
express no opinion on the validity of this figure. We also
note the number is not particularly helpful for under­
standing petitioners' retained value in the properties
because Lot E, under the regulations, cannot be sold with­
out Lot F. The point that is useful for these purposes is
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 19

Opinion of the Court

that the combined lots are valued at $698,300, which is far
greater than the summed value of the separate regulated
lots (Lot F with its cabin at $373,000, according to re­
spondents' appraiser, and Lot E as an undevelopable plot
at $40,000, according to petitioners' appraiser). The value
added by the lots' combination shows their complementa­
rity and supports their treatment as one parcel.
The State Court of Appeals was correct in analyzing
petitioners' property as a single unit. Petitioners allege
that in doing so, the state court applied a categorical rule
that all contiguous, commonly owned holdings must be
combined for Takings Clause analysis. See Brief for Peti­
tioners i ("[D]oes the 'parcel as a whole' concept... estab­
lish a rule that two legally distinct, but commonly owned
contiguous parcels, must be combined for takings analysis
purposes"). This does not appear to be the case, however,
for the precedent relied on by the Court of Appeals ad­
dressed multiple factors before treating contiguous proper­
ties as one parcel. See App. to Pet. for Cert. A -- 9 -- A -- 11,
¶¶17 -- 19 ; see id., at 378, 548 N. W. 2d, at 533 (con­
sidering the property as a whole because it was "part of a
single purchase" and all 10.4 acres were undeveloped).
The judgment below, furthermore, may be affirmed on any
ground permitted by the law and record. See Thigpen v.
Roberts, (1984). To the extent the state
court treated the two lots as one parcel based on a bright-
line rule, nothing in this opinion approves that methodology,
as distinct from the result.
Considering petitioners' property as a whole, the state
court was correct to conclude that petitioners cannot
establish a compensable taking in these circumstances.
Petitioners have not suffered a taking under Lucas, as
they have not been deprived of all economically beneficial
use of their property. See 505 U. S., at 1019. They can
use the property for residential purposes, including an
20 MURR v. WISCONSIN

Opinion of the Court

enhanced, larger residential improvement. See Palazzolo,
533 U. S., at 631 ("A regulation permitting a landowner to
build a substantial residence... does not leave the prop­
erty 'economically idle' "). The property has not lost all
economic value, as its value has decreased by less than 10
percent. See Lucas, supra, at 1019, (suggesting that
even a landowner with 95 percent loss may not recover).
Petitioners furthermore have not suffered a taking
under the more general test of Penn Central. See 438
U. S., at 124. The expert appraisal relied upon by the state
courts refutes any claim that the economic impact of the
regulation is severe. Petitioners cannot claim that they
reasonably expected to sell or develop their lots separately
given the regulations which predated their acquisition of
both lots. Finally, the governmental action was a reason­
able land-use regulation, enacted as part of a coordinated
federal, state, and local effort to preserve the river and
surrounding land.
* * *
Like the ultimate question whether a regulation has
gone too far, the question of the proper parcel in regulatory
takings cases cannot be solved by any simple test. See
Arkansas Game and Fish Comm'n v. United States, (2012). Courts must instead define the parcel
in a manner that reflects reasonable expectations about
the property. Courts must strive for consistency with the
central purpose of the Takings Clause: to "bar Govern­
ment from forcing some people alone to bear public bur­
dens which, in all fairness and justice, should be borne by
the public as a whole." Armstrong, 364 U. S., at 49.
Treating the lot in question as a single parcel is legitimate
for purposes of this takings inquiry, and this supports the
conclusion that no regulatory taking occurred here.
The judgment of the Wisconsin Court of Appeals is
affirmed.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 
21

Opinion of the Court 

JUSTICE GORSUCH took no part in the consideration or
decision of this case.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 15 -- 214
_________________

JOSEPH P. MURR, ET AL., PETITIONERS v. 

WISCONSIN, ET AL. 

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

WISCONSIN, DISTRICT III

[June 23, 2017]

CHIEF JUSTICE ROBERTS, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS
and JUSTICE ALITO join, dissenting.
The Murr family owns two adjacent lots along the Lower
St. Croix River. Under a local regulation, those two prop­
erties may not be "sold or developed as separate lots"
because neither contains a sufficiently large area of build-
able land. Wis. Admin. Code §NR 118.08(4)(a)(2) (2017).
The Court today holds that the regulation does not effect a
taking that requires just compensation. This bottom-line
conclusion does not trouble me; the majority presents a
fair case that the Murrs can still make good use of both
lots, and that the ordinance is a commonplace tool to
preserve scenic areas, such as the Lower St. Croix River,
for the benefit of landowners and the public alike.
Where the majority goes astray, however, is in conclud­
ing that the definition of the "private property" at issue in
a case such as this turns on an elaborate test looking not
only to state and local law, but also to (1) "the physical
characteristics of the land," (2) "the prospective value of
the regulated land," (3) the "reasonable expectations" of
the owner, and (4) "background customs and the whole of
our legal tradition." Ante, at 11 -- 12. Our decisions have,
time and again, declared that the Takings Clause protects
private property rights as state law creates and defines
them. By securing such established property rights, the
2 MURR v. WISCONSIN

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

Takings Clause protects individuals from being forced to
bear the full weight of actions that should be borne by the
public at large. The majority's new, malleable definition of
"private property" -- adopted solely "for purposes of th[e]
takings inquiry," ante, at 20 -- undermines that protection.
I would stick with our traditional approach: State law
defines the boundaries of distinct parcels of land, and
those boundaries should determine the "private property"
at issue in regulatory takings cases. Whether a regulation
effects a taking of that property is a separate question, one
in which common ownership of adjacent property may be
taken into account. Because the majority departs from
these settled principles, I respectfully dissent.
I

A

The Takings Clause places a condition on the govern­
ment's power to interfere with property rights, instructing
that "private property [shall not] be taken for public use,
without just compensation." Textually and logically, this
Clause raises three basic questions that individuals, gov­
ernments, and judges must consider when anticipating or
deciding whether the government will have to provide
reimbursement for its actions. The first is what "pri-
vate property" the government's planned course of conduct
will affect. The second, whether that property has been
"taken" for "public use." And if "private property" has been
"taken," the last item of business is to calculate the "just
compensation" the owner is due.
Step one -- identifying the property interest at stake -- 
requires looking outside the Constitution. The word
"property" in the Takings Clause means "the group of
rights inhering in [a] citizen's relation to [a]... thing, as
the right to possess, use and dispose of it." United States
v. General Motors Corp., (1945). The
Clause does not, however, provide the definition of those
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

rights in any particular case. Instead, "property interests... are created and their dimensions are defined by exist­
ing rules or understandings that stem from an independ­
ent source such as state law." Ruckelshaus v. Monsanto
Co., (1984) (alteration and internal
quotation marks omitted). By protecting these established
rights, the Takings Clause stands as a buffer between
property owners and governments, which might naturally
look to put private property to work for the public at large.
When government action interferes with property
rights, the next question becomes whether that interfer­
ence amounts to a "taking." "The paradigmatic taking...
is a direct government appropriation or physical invasion
of private property." Lingle v. Chevron U. S. A. Inc., (2005). These types of actions give rise to
"per se taking[s]" because they are "perhaps the most
serious form[s] of invasion of an owner's property inter­
ests, depriving the owner of the rights to possess, use and
dispose of the property." Horne v. Department of Agricul-
ture, 576 U. S. ___, ___ (2015).
But not all takings are so direct: Governments can
infringe private property interests for public use not only
through appropriations, but through regulations as well.
If compensation were required for one but not the other,
"the natural tendency of human nature" would be to ex­
tend regulations "until at last private property disap­
pears." Pennsylvania Coal Co. v. Mahon, (1922). Our regulatory takings decisions, then, have
recognized that, "while property may be regulated to a
certain extent, if regulation goes too far it will be recog­
nized as a taking." Ibid. This rule strikes a balance be­
tween property owners' rights and the government's au­
thority to advance the common good. Owners can rest
assured that they will be compensated for particularly
onerous regulatory actions, while governments maintain
4 MURR v. WISCONSIN

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

the freedom to adjust the benefits and burdens of property
ownership without incurring crippling costs from each
alteration.
Depending, of course, on how far is "too far." We have
said often enough that the answer to this question gener­
ally resists per se rules and rigid formulas. There are,
however, a few fixed principles: The inquiry "must be
conducted with respect to specific property." Keystone
Bituminous Coal Assn. v. DeBenedictis, 
(1987). And if a "regu­
lation denies all economically beneficial or productive use
of land," the interference categorically amounts to a tak­
ing. Lucas v. South Carolina Coastal Council, (1992). For the vast array of regulations that
lack such an extreme effect, a flexible approach is more
fitting. The factors to consider are wide ranging, and
include the economic impact of the regulation, the owner's
investment-backed expectations, and the character of the
government action. The ultimate question is whether the
government's imposition on a property has forced the
owner "to bear public burdens which, in all fairness and
justice, should be borne by the public as a whole." Penn
Central Transp. Co. v. New York City, 
(1978).
Finally, if a taking has occurred, the remaining matter
is tabulating the "just compensation" to which the property
owner is entitled. "[J]ust compensation normally is to
be measured by the market value of the property at the
time of the taking." Horne, 576 U. S., at ___.
B
Because a regulation amounts to a taking if it completely
destroys a property's productive use, there is an incen­
tive for owners to define the relevant "private property"
narrowly. This incentive threatens the careful balance
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

between property rights and government authority that
our regulatory takings doctrine strikes: Put in terms of the
familiar "bundle" analogy, each "strand" in the bundle of
rights that comes along with owning real property is a
distinct property interest. If owners could define the
relevant "private property" at issue as the specific "strand"
that the challenged regulation affects, they could convert
nearly all regulations into per se takings.
And so we do not allow it. In Penn Central Transporta-
tion Co. v. New York City, we held that property owners
may not "establish a 'taking' simply by showing that they
have been denied the ability to exploit a property inter­
est." 438 U. S., at 130. In that case, the owner of Grand
Central Terminal in New York City argued that a re­
striction on the owner's ability to add an office building
atop the station amounted to a taking of its air rights. We
rejected that narrow definition of the "property" at issue,
concluding that the correct unit of analysis was the own­
er's "rights in the parcel as a whole." Id., at 130 -- 131.
"[W]here an owner possesses a full 'bundle' of property
rights, the destruction of one strand of the bundle is not a
taking, because the aggregate must be viewed in its en­
tirety." Andrus v. Allard, -- 66 (1979); see
Tahoe-Sierra Preservation Council, Inc. v. Tahoe Regional
Planning Agency, (2002).
The question presented in today's case concerns the
"parcel as a whole" language from Penn Central. This
enigmatic phrase has created confusion about how to
identify the relevant property in a regulatory takings case
when the claimant owns more than one plot of land.
Should the impact of the regulation be evaluated with
respect to each individual plot, or with respect to adjacent
plots grouped together as one unit? According to the
majority, a court should answer this question by consider­
ing a number of facts about the land and the regulation at
issue. The end result turns on whether those factors
6 MURR v. WISCONSIN

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

"would lead a landowner to anticipate that his holdings
would be treated as one parcel, or, instead, as separate
tracts." Ante, at 12.
I think the answer is far more straightforward: State
laws define the boundaries of distinct units of land, and
those boundaries should, in all but the most exceptional
circumstances, determine the parcel at issue. Even in
regulatory takings cases, the first step of the Takings
Clause analysis is still to identify the relevant "private
property." States create property rights with respect to
particular "things." And in the context of real property,
those "things" are horizontally bounded plots of land.
Tahoe-Sierra, 535 U. S., at 331 ("An interest in real prop­
erty is defined by the metes and bounds that describe its
geographic dimensions"). States may define those plots
differently -- some using metes and bounds, others using
government surveys, recorded plats, or subdivision maps.
See 11 D. Thomas, Thompson on Real Property.07(s)
(2d ed. 2002); Powell on Real Property.05(2)(a) (M.
Wolf ed. 2016). But the definition of property draws the
basic line between, as P. G. Wodehouse would put it,
meum and tuum. The question of who owns what is pretty
important: The rules must provide a readily ascertainable
definition of the land to which a particular bundle of
rights attaches that does not vary depending upon the
purpose at issue. See, e.g., Wis. Stat..28 (2016)
("[T]he lots in [a] plat shall be described by the name of
the plat and the lot and block... for all purposes, includ­
ing those of assessment, taxation, devise, descent and
conveyance").
Following state property lines is also entirely consistent
with Penn Central. Requiring consideration of the "parcel
as a whole" is a response to the risk that owners will
strategically pluck one strand from their bundle of property
rights -- such as the air rights at issue in Penn Central -- 
and claim a complete taking based on that strand alone.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 7

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

That risk of strategic unbundling is not present when a
legally distinct parcel is the basis of the regulatory takings
claim. State law defines all of the interests that come
along with owning a particular parcel, and both property
owners and the government must take those rights as they
find them.
The majority envisions that relying on state law will
create other opportunities for "gamesmanship" by land­
owners and States: The former, it contends, "might seek to
alter [lot] lines in anticipation of regulation," while the
latter might pass a law that "consolidates... property" to
avoid a successful takings claim. Ante, at 11, 17. But
such obvious attempts to alter the legal landscape in
anticipation of a lawsuit are unlikely and not particularly
difficult to detect and disarm. We rejected the strategic
splitting of property rights in Penn Central, and courts
could do the same if faced with an attempt to create a
takings-specific definition of "private property." Cf. Phil-
lips v. Washington Legal Foundation, 
(1998) ("[A] State may not sidestep the Takings Clause by
disavowing traditional property interests long recognized
under state law").
Once the relevant property is identified, the real work
begins. To decide whether the regulation at issue
amounts to a "taking," courts should focus on the effect of
the regulation on the "private property" at issue. Adjacent
land under common ownership may be relevant to that
inquiry. The owner's possession of such a nearby lot could,
for instance, shed light on how the owner reasonably
expected to use the parcel at issue before the regulation.
If the court concludes that the government's action
amounts to a taking, principles of "just compensation" may
also allow the owner to recover damages "with regard to a
separate parcel" that is contiguous and used in conjunc­
tion with the parcel at issue. 4A L. Smith & M. Hansen,
Nichols' Law of Eminent Domain, ch. 14B,.02 (rev.
8 MURR v. WISCONSIN

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

3d ed. 2010).
In sum, the "parcel as a whole" requirement prevents a
property owner from identifying a single "strand" in his
bundle of property rights and claiming that interest has
been taken. Allowing that strategic approach to defining
"private property" would undermine the balance struck by
our regulatory takings cases. Instead, state law creates
distinct parcels of land and defines the rights that come
along with owning those parcels. Those established bun­
dles of rights should define the "private property" in regu­
latory takings cases. While ownership of contiguous prop­
erties may bear on whether a person's plot has been
"taken," Penn Central provides no basis for disregarding
state property lines when identifying the "parcel as a
whole."
II
The lesson that the majority draws from Penn Central is
that defining "the proper parcel in regulatory takings
cases cannot be solved by any simple test." Ante, at 20.
Following through on that stand against simplicity, the
majority lists a complex set of factors theoretically de­
signed to reveal whether a hypothetical landowner might
expect that his property "would be treated as one parcel,
or, instead, as separate tracts." Ante, at 11. Those factors,
says the majority, show that Lots E and F of the Murrs'
property constitute a single parcel and that the local
ordinance requiring the Murrs to develop and sell those
lots as a pair does not constitute a taking.
In deciding that Lots E and F are a single parcel, the
majority focuses on the importance of the ordinance at
issue and the extent to which the Murrs may have been
especially surprised, or unduly harmed, by the application
of that ordinance to their property. But these issues
should be considered when deciding if a regulation consti­
tutes a "taking." Cramming them into the definition of
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 9

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

"private property" undermines the effectiveness of the
Takings Clause as a check on the government's power to
shift the cost of public life onto private individuals.
The problem begins when the majority loses track of the
basic structure of claims under the Takings Clause. While
it is true that we have referred to regulatory takings
claims as involving "essentially ad hoc, factual inquiries,"
we have conducted those wide-ranging investigations
when assessing "the question of what constitutes a 'tak-
ing' " under Penn Central. Ruckelshaus, 467 U. S., at 1004
; see Tahoe-Sierra, 535 U. S., at 326
("[W]e have generally eschewed any set formula for de­
termining how far is too far" (emphasis added; internal
quotation marks omitted)). And even then, we reach that
"ad hoc" Penn Central framework only after determining
that the regulation did not deny all productive use of the
parcel. See Tahoe-Sierra, 535 U. S., at 331. Both of these
inquiries presuppose that the relevant "private property"
has already been identified. See Hodel v. Virginia Surface
Mining & Reclamation Assn., Inc., 
(1981) (explaining that "[t]hese 'ad hoc, factual inquiries'
must be conducted with respect to specific property").
There is a simple reason why the majority does not cite a
single instance in which we have made that identification
by relying on anything other than state property princi­
ples -- we have never done so.
In departing from state property principles, the majority
authorizes governments to do precisely what we rejected
in Penn Central: create a litigation-specific definition of
"property" designed for a claim under the Takings Clause.
Whenever possible, governments in regulatory takings
cases will ask courts to aggregate legally distinct proper­
ties into one "parcel," solely for purposes of resisting a
particular claim. And under the majority's test, identify­
ing the "parcel as a whole" in such cases will turn on the
reasonableness of the regulation as applied to the claim­
10 MURR v. WISCONSIN

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

ant. The result is that the government's regulatory inter­
ests will come into play not once, but twice -- first when
identifying the relevant parcel, and again when determin­
ing whether the regulation has placed too great a public
burden on that property.
Regulatory takings, however -- by their very nature -- pit
the common good against the interests of a few. There is
an inherent imbalance in that clash of interests. The
widespread benefits of a regulation will often appear far
weightier than the isolated losses suffered by individuals.
And looking at the bigger picture, the overall societal good
of an economic system grounded on private property will
appear abstract when cast against a concrete regulatory
problem. In the face of this imbalance, the Takings Clause
"prevents the public from loading upon one individual
more than his just share of the burdens of government,"
Monongahela Nav. Co. v. United States, 
(1893), by considering the effect of a regulation on specific
property rights as they are established at state law. But
the majority's approach undermines that protection, defin­
ing property only after engaging in an ad hoc, case-specific
consideration of individual and community interests. The
result is that the government's goals shape the playing
field before the contest over whether the challenged regu­
lation goes "too far" even gets underway.
Suppose, for example, that a person buys two distinct
plots of land -- known as Lots A and B -- from two different
owners. Lot A is landlocked, but the neighboring Lot B
shares a border with a local beach. It soon comes to light,
however, that the beach is a nesting habitat for a species
of turtle. To protect this species, the state government
passes a regulation preventing any development or recrea­
tion in areas abutting the beach -- including Lot B. If that
lot became the subject of a regulatory takings claim, the
purchaser would have a strong case for a per se taking:
Even accounting for the owner's possession of the other
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 11

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

property, Lot B had no remaining economic value or pro­
ductive use. But under the majority's approach, the gov­
ernment can argue that -- based on all the circumstances
and the nature of the regulation -- Lots A and B should be
considered one "parcel." If that argument succeeds, the
owner's per se takings claim is gone, and he is left to roll
the dice under the Penn Central balancing framework,
where the court will, for a second time, throw the reason-
ableness of the government's regulatory action into the
balance.
The majority assures that, under its test, "[d]efining the
property... should not necessarily preordain the outcome
in every case." Ante, at 10. The under­
scored language cheapens the assurance. The framework
laid out today provides little guidance for identifying
whether "expectations about property ownership would
lead a landowner to anticipate that his holdings would be
treated as one parcel, or, instead, as separate tracts."
Ante, at 12. Instead, the majority's approach will lead to
definitions of the "parcel" that have far more to do with
the reasonableness of applying the challenged regulation
to a particular landowner. The result is clear double
counting to tip the scales in favor of the government:
Reasonable government regulation should have been
anticipated by the landowner, so the relevant parcel is
defined consistent with that regulation. In deciding
whether there is a taking under the second step of the
analysis, the regulation will seem eminently reasonable
given its impact on the pre-packaged parcel. Not, as the
Court assures us, "necessarily" in "every" case, but surely
in most.
Moreover, given its focus on the particular challenged
regulation, the majority's approach must mean that two
lots might be a single "parcel" for one takings claim, but
separate "parcels" for another. See ante, at 13. This is
just another opportunity to gerrymander the definition of
12 MURR v. WISCONSIN

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

"private property" to defeat a takings claim. The majority
also emphasizes that courts trying to identify the relevant
parcel "must strive" to ensure that "some people alone [do
not] bear public burdens which, in all fairness and justice,
should be borne by the public as a whole." Ante, at 20. But this refrain is the
traditional touchstone for spotting a taking, not for defin­
ing private property.
Put simply, today's decision knocks the definition of
"private property" loose from its foundation on stable state
law rules and throws it into the maelstrom of multiple
factors that come into play at the second step of the tak­
ings analysis. The result: The majority's new framework
compromises the Takings Clause as a barrier between
individuals and the press of the public interest.
III
Staying with a state law approach to defining "private
property" would make our job in this case fairly easy. The
Murr siblings acquired Lot F in 1994 and Lot E a year
later. Once the lots fell into common ownership, the chal­
lenged ordinance prevented them from being "sold or
developed as separate lots" because neither contained a
sufficiently large area of buildable land. Wis. Admin.
Code §NR 118.08(4)(a)(2). The Murrs argued that the
ordinance amounted to a taking of Lot E, but the State of
Wisconsin and St. Croix County proposed that both lots
together should count as the relevant "parcel."
The trial court sided with the State and County, and the
Wisconsin Court of Appeals affirmed. Rather than consid­
ering whether Lots E and F are separate parcels under
Wisconsin law, however, the Court of Appeals adopted a
takings-specific approach to defining the relevant parcel.
See 2015 WI App 13, 359 Wis. 2d 675, 859 N. W. 2d 628
(unpublished opinion), App. to Pet. for Cert. A -- 9, ¶17
(framing the issue as "whether contiguous property is
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 13

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

analytically divisible for purposes of a regulatory takings
claim"). Relying on what it called a "well-established rule"
for "regulatory takings cases," the court explained "that
contiguous property under common ownership is consid­
ered as a whole regardless of the number of parcels con­
tained therein." Id., at A -- 11, ¶20. And because Lots E
and F were side by side and owned by the Murrs, the case
was straightforward: The two lots were one "parcel" for
the regulatory takings analysis. The court therefore eval­
uated the effect of the ordinance on the two lots considered
together.
As I see it, the Wisconsin Court of Appeals was wrong to
apply a takings-specific definition of the property at issue.
Instead, the court should have asked whether, under
general state law principles, Lots E and F are legally
distinct parcels of land. I would therefore vacate the
judgment below and remand for the court to identify the
relevant property using ordinary principles of Wisconsin
property law.
After making that state law determination, the next
step would be to determine whether the challenged ordi­
nance amounts to a "taking." If Lot E is a legally distinct
parcel under state law, the Court of Appeals would have to
perform the takings analysis anew, but could still consider
many of the issues the majority finds important. The
majority, for instance, notes that under the ordinance the
Murrs can use Lot E as "recreational space," as the "loca­
tion of any improvements," and as a valuable addition to
Lot F. Ante, at 18. These facts could be relevant to
whether the "regulation denies all economically beneficial
or productive use" of Lot E. Lucas, 505 U. S., at 1015.
Similarly, the majority touts the benefits of the ordinance
and observes that the Murrs had little use for Lot E inde­
pendent of Lot F and could have predicted that Lot E
would be regulated. Ante, at 18. These facts speak to "the
economic impact of the regulation," interference with
14 MURR v. WISCONSIN

ROBERTS, C. J., dissenting

"investment-backed expectations," and the "character of
the governmental action" -- all things we traditionally
consider in the Penn Central analysis. 438 U. S., at 124.
I would be careful, however, to confine these considera­
tions to the question whether the regulation constitutes a
taking. As Alexander Hamilton explained, "the security of
Property" is one of the "great object[s] of government." 1
Records of the Federal Convention of 1787, p. 302 (M.
Farrand ed. 1911). The Takings Clause was adopted to
ensure such security by protecting property rights as they
exist under state law. Deciding whether a regulation has
gone so far as to constitute a "taking" of one of those prop­
erty rights is, properly enough, a fact-intensive task that
relies "as much on the exercise of judgment as on the
application of logic." MacDonald, Sommer & Frates v.
Yolo County, (1986) (alterations and
internal quotation marks omitted). But basing the defini­
tion of "property" on a judgment call, too, allows the gov­
ernment's interests to warp the private rights that the
Takings Clause is supposed to secure.
I respectfully dissent.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

THOMAS, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 15 -- 214
_________________

JOSEPH P. MURR, ET AL., PETITIONERS v. 

WISCONSIN, ET AL. 

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE COURT OF APPEALS OF 

WISCONSIN, DISTRICT III

[June 23, 2017]

JUSTICE THOMAS, dissenting.
I join THE CHIEF JUSTICE's dissent because it correctly
applies this Court's regulatory takings precedents, which
no party has asked us to reconsider. The Court, however,
has never purported to ground those precedents in the
Constitution as it was originally understood. In Pennsyl-
vania Coal Co. v. Mahon, (1922), the
Court announced a "general rule" that "if regulation goes
too far it will be recognized as a taking." But we have
since observed that, prior to Mahon, "it was generally
thought that the Takings Clause reached only a 'direct
appropriation' of property, Legal Tender Cases, 12 Wall.
457, 551 (1871), or the functional equivalent of a 'practical
ouster of [the owner's] possession,' Transportation Co. v.
Chicago, (1879)." Lucas v. South Carolina
Coastal Council, (1992). In my view,
it would be desirable for us to take a fresh look at our
regulatory takings jurisprudence, to see whether it can be
grounded in the original public meaning of the Takings
Clause of the Fifth Amendment or the Privileges or Im-
munities Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. See
generally Rappaport, Originalism and Regulatory Tak-
ings: Why the Fifth Amendment May Not Protect Against
Regulatory Takings, but the Fourteenth Amendment May,
45 San Diego L. Rev. 729 (2008) (describing the debate
among scholars over those questions).

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
The suit giving rise to the case before the Court was
filed by a plaintiff who was a member of a putative class in
a class action but who later elected to withdraw and pro-
ceed in this separate suit, seeking recovery for the same
illegalities that were alleged in the class suit. The class-
action suit had been filed within the time permitted by
statute. Whether the later, separate suit was also timely
is the controlling question.
I

A

The Securities Act of 1933 "protects investors by ensur-
ing that companies issuing securities... make a 'full and
fair disclosure of information' relevant to a public offer-
ing." Omnicare, Inc. v. Laborers Dist. Council Constr.
Industry Pension Fund, 575 U. S. ___, ___ (2015) );
see 48 Stat. 74, as amended, 15 U. S. C. et seq. Com-
panies may offer securities to the public only after filing a
registration statement, which must contain information
2 CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT
SYSTEM v. ANZ SECURITIES, INC. 

Opinion of the Court 

about the company and the security for sale. Omnicare,
575 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 2). Section 11 of the
Securities Act "promotes compliance with these disclosure
provisions by giving purchasers a right of action against
an issuer or designated individuals," including securities
underwriters, for any material misstatements or omis-
sions in a registration statement. Id., at ___ ; see 15 U. S. C..
The Act provides time limits for suits. These time
limits are set forth in a two-sentence section of the Act,. It provides as follows:
"No action shall be maintained to enforce any liability
created under unless brought within one year af-
ter the discovery of the untrue statement or the omis-
sion, or after such discovery should have been made
by the exercise of reasonable diligence.... In no
event shall any such action be brought to enforce a li-
ability created under more than three years
after the security was bona fide offered to the
public...." 15 U. S. C..
So there are two time bars in the quoted provision; and
the second one, the 3-year bar, is central to this case.
B
Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. formerly was one of the
largest investment banks in the United States. In 2007
and 2008, Lehman raised capital through a number of
public securities offerings. Petitioner, California Public
Employees' Retirement System (sometimes called
CalPERS), is the largest public pension fund in the coun-
try. Petitioner purchased securities in some of these
Lehman offerings; and it is alleged that respondents,
various financial firms, are liable under the Act for their
participation as underwriters in the transactions. The
separate respondents are listed in an appendix to this
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

Opinion of the Court

opinion.
In September 2008, Lehman filed for bankruptcy.
Around the same time, a putative class action concerning
Lehman securities was filed against respondents in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of
New York. The operative complaint raised claims under, alleging that the registration statements for certain of
Lehman's 2007 and 2008 securities offerings included
material misstatements or omissions. The complaint was
filed on behalf of all persons who purchased the identified
securities, making petitioner a member of the putative
class. Petitioner, however, was not one of the named
plaintiffs in the suit. The class action was consolidated
with other securities suits against Lehman in a single
multidistrict litigation.
In February 2011, petitioner filed a separate complaint
against respondents in the United States District Court
for the Northern District of California. This suit was filed
more than three years after the relevant transactions
occurred. The complaint alleged identical securities law
violations as the class-action complaint, but the claims
were on petitioner's own behalf. The suit was transferred
and consolidated with the multidistrict litigation in the
Southern District of New York. Soon thereafter, a pro-
posed settlement was reached in the putative class action.
Petitioner, apparently convinced it could obtain a more
favorable recovery in its separate suit, opted out of the
class.
Respondents then moved to dismiss petitioner's indi-
vidual suit alleging violations as untimely under the
3-year bar in the second sentence of. Petitioner coun-
tered that its individual suit was timely because that 3-
year period was tolled during the pendency of the class-
action filing. The principal authority cited to support
petitioner's argument that the 3-year period was tolled
was American Pipe & Constr. Co. v. Utah, 
4 CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT
SYSTEM v. ANZ SECURITIES, INC. 

Opinion of the Court 

(1974).
The District Court disagreed with petitioner's argument,
holding that the 3-year bar in is not subject to tolling.
The Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit affirmed. In
agreement with the District Court, the Court of Appeals
held that the tolling principle discussed in American Pipe
is inapplicable to the 3-year time bar. In re Lehman
Brothers Securities and ERISA Litigation, 655 Fed. Appx.
13, 15 (2016). As the Court of Appeals noted, there is
disagreement about whether the tolling rule of American
Pipe applies to the 3-year time bar in. Compare Jo-
seph v. Wiles, 223 F. 3d 1155, 1166 -- 1168 (CA10 2000),
with Stein v. Regions Morgan Keegan Select High Income
Fund, Inc., 821 F. 3d 780, 792 -- 795 (CA6 2016), and Dusek
v. JPMorgan Chase & Co., 832 F. 3d 1243, 1246 -- 1249
(CA11 2016).
The Court of Appeals also rejected petitioner's alterna-
tive argument that its individual claims were "essentially
'filed' in the putative class complaint," so that the filing of
the class action within three years made the individual
claims timely. 655 Fed. Appx., at 15.
This Court granted certiorari. 580 U. S. ___ (2017).
II
The question then is whether permits the filing of
an individual complaint more than three years after the
relevant securities offering, when a class-action complaint
was timely filed, and the plaintiff filing the individual
complaint would have been a member of the class but for
opting out of it. The answer turns on the nature and
purpose of the 3-year bar and of the tolling rule that peti-
tioner seeks to invoke. Each will be addressed in turn.
A
As the Court explained in CTS Corp. v. Waldburger, 573
U. S. ___ (2014), statutory time bars can be divided into
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

Opinion of the Court

two categories: statutes of limitations and statutes of
repose. Both "are mechanisms used to limit the temporal
extent or duration of liability for tortious acts," but "each
has a distinct purpose." Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 6).
Statutes of limitations are designed to encourage plain-
tiffs "to pursue diligent prosecution of known claims." Id.,
at ___.
In accord with that objective, limitations periods begin to
run "when the cause of action accrues" -- that is, "when the
plaintiff can file suit and obtain relief." Id., at ___. In a personal-
injury or property-damage action, for example, more
often than not this will be " 'when the injury occurred or
was discovered.' " Ibid.
In contrast, statutes of repose are enacted to give more
explicit and certain protection to defendants. These stat-
utes "effect a legislative judgment that a defendant should
be free from liability after the legislatively determined
period of time." Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 7). For this reason, statutes of
repose begin to run on "the date of the last culpable act or
omission of the defendant." Id., at ___.
The 3-year time bar in reflects the legislative objec-
tive to give a defendant a complete defense to any suit
after a certain period. From the structure of, and the
language of its second sentence, it is evident that the 3-
year bar is a statute of repose. In fact, this Court has
already described the provision as establishing "a period of
repose," which " 'impose[s] an outside limit' " on temporal
liability. Lampf, Pleva, Lipkind, Prupis & Petigrow v.
Gilbertson, (1991).
The statute provides in clear terms that "[i]n no event"
shall an action be brought more than three years after the
securities offering on which it is based. 15 U. S. C..
This instruction admits of no exception and on its face
creates a fixed bar against future liability. See CTS,
6 CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT
SYSTEM v. ANZ SECURITIES, INC. 

Opinion of the Court 

supra, at ___ -- ___ ( -- 7); cf. United States v.
Brockamp, (1997) (noting that a statute
that "sets forth its time limitations in unusually emphatic
form... cannot easily be read as containing implicit ex-
ceptions"). The statute, furthermore, runs from the de-
fendant's last culpable act (the offering of the securities),
not from the accrual of the claim (the plaintiff 's discovery
of the defect in the registration statement). Under CTS,
this point is close to a dispositive indication that the stat-
ute is one of repose.
This view is confirmed by the two-sentence structure of. In addition to the 3-year time bar, contains a 1-
year statute of limitations. The limitations statute runs
from the time when the plaintiff discovers (or should have
discovered) the securities-law violation. The pairing of a
shorter statute of limitations and a longer statute of re-
pose is a common feature of statutory time limits. See,
e.g., Gabelli v. SEC, (2013) ("[S]tatutes
applying a discovery rule... often couple that rule with
an absolute provision for repose"). The two periods work
together: The discovery rule gives leeway to a plaintiff who
has not yet learned of a violation, while the rule of repose
protects the defendant from an interminable threat of
liability. Cf. Merck & Co. v. Reynolds, 
(2010) (reasoning that 2-year discovery rule would not
"subject defendants to liability for acts taken long ago,"
because the statute also included an "unqualified bar on
actions instituted '5 years after such violation' ").
The history of the 3-year provision also supports its
classification as a statute of repose. It is instructive to
note that the statute was not enacted in its current form.
The original version of the 1933 Securities Act featured a
2-year discovery period and a 10-year outside limit, see, 48 Stat. 84, but Congress changed this framework
just one year after its enactment. The discovery period
was changed to one year and the outside limit to three
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 7

Opinion of the Court

years. See Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 48 Stat.
908. The evident design of the shortened statutory period
was to protect defendants' financial security in fast-
changing markets by reducing the open period for poten-
tial liability.
B
The determination that the 3-year period is a statute of
repose is critical in this case, for the question whether a
tolling rule applies to a given statutory time bar is one "of
statutory intent." Lozano v. Montoya Alvarez, ___ (2014). The purpose of a statute of
repose is to create "an absolute bar on a defendant's tem-
poral liability," CTS, 573 U. S., at ___ (al-
teration and internal quotation marks omitted); and that
purpose informs the assessment of whether, and when,
tolling rules may apply.
In light of the purpose of a statute of repose, the provi-
sion is in general not subject to tolling. Tolling is permis-
sible only where there is a particular indication that the
legislature did not intend the statute to provide complete
repose but instead anticipated the extension of the statu-
tory period under certain circumstances.
For example, if the statute of repose itself contains an
express exception, this demonstrates the requisite intent
to alter the operation of the statutory period. See 1 C.
Corman, Limitation of Actions.1, pp. 4 -- 5 (1991) (Cor-
man); see, e.g., 29 U. S. C. (establishing a 6-year
statute of repose, but stipulating that, in case of fraud, the
6-year period runs from the plaintiff 's discovery of the
violation). In contrast, where the legislature enacts a
general tolling rule in a different part of the code -- e.g., a
rule that suspends time limits until the plaintiff reaches
the age of majority -- courts must analyze the nature and
relation of the legislative purpose of each provision to
determine which controls. See 2 Corman.2.1, at 108.
8 CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT
SYSTEM v. ANZ SECURITIES, INC. 

Opinion of the Court 

In keeping with the statute-specific nature of that analy-
sis, courts have reached different conclusions about
whether general tolling statutes govern particular periods
of repose. Ibid.,.
Of course, not all tolling rules derive from legislative
enactments. Some derive from the traditional power of
the courts to " 'apply the principles... of equity jurispru-
dence.' " Young v. United States, (2002)
(alteration omitted). The classic example is the doctrine of
equitable tolling, which permits a court to pause a statu-
tory time limit "when a litigant has pursued his rights
diligently but some extraordinary circumstance prevents
him from bringing a timely action." Lozano, 572 U. S., at
___. Tolling rules of that kind often apply to
statutes of limitations based on the presumption that
Congress " 'legislate[s] against a background of common-
law adjudicatory principles.' " Id., at ___.
The purpose and effect of a statute of repose, by con-
trast, is to override customary tolling rules arising from
the equitable powers of courts. By establishing a fixed
limit, a statute of repose implements a " 'legislative deci-
sio[n] that as a matter of policy there should be a specific
time beyond which a defendant should no longer be sub-
jected to protracted liability.' " CTS, 573 U. S., at ___. The unqualified nature of that determination
supersedes the courts' residual authority and forecloses
the extension of the statutory period based on equitable
principles. For this reason, the Court repeatedly has
stated in broad terms that statutes of repose are not sub-
ject to equitable tolling. See, e.g., id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 8); Lampf, Pleva, 501 U. S., at 363.
C
Petitioner contends that the 3-year provision is subject
to tolling based on the rationale and holding in the Court's
decision in American Pipe. The language of the 3-year
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 9

Opinion of the Court

statute does not refer to or impliedly authorize any excep-
tions for tolling. If American Pipe had itself been grounded
in a legislative enactment, perhaps an argument could
be made that the enactment expressed a legislative objec-
tive to modify the 3-year period. If, however, the tolling
decision in American Pipe derived from equity principles,
it cannot alter the unconditional language and purpose of
the 3-year statute of repose.
In American Pipe, a timely class-action complaint was
filed asserting violations of federal antitrust law. 414
U. S., at 540. Class certification was denied because the
class was not large enough, see Fed. Rule Civ. Proc.
23(a)(1), and individuals who otherwise would have been
members of the class then filed motions to intervene as
individual plaintiffs. The motions were denied on the
grounds that the applicable 4-year time bar had expired.
See 15 U. S. C.. The Court of Appeals reversed,
permitting intervention.
This Court affirmed. It held the individual plaintiffs'
motions to intervene were timely because "the com-
mencement of a class action suspends the applicable stat-
ute of limitations as to all asserted members of the class."
American Pipe, 414 U. S., at 554. The Court reasoned that
this result was consistent "both with the procedures of
Rule 23 and with the proper function of the limitations
statute" at issue. Id., at 555. First, the tolling furthered
"the purposes of litigative efficiency and economy" served
by Rule 23. Id., at 556. Without the tolling, "[p]otential
class members would be induced to file protective motions
to intervene or to join in the event that a class was later
found unsuitable," which would "breed needless duplica-
tion of motions." Id., at 553 -- 554. Second, the tolling was
in accord with "the functional operation of a statute of
limitations." Id., at 554. By filing a class complaint within
the statutory period, the named plaintiff "notifie[d] the
defendants not only of the substantive claims being
10 CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT
SYSTEM v. ANZ SECURITIES, INC. 

Opinion of the Court 

brought against them, but also of the number and generic
identities of the potential plaintiffs who may participate in
the judgment." Id., at 555.
As this discussion indicates, the source of the tolling
rule applied in American Pipe is the judicial power to
promote equity, rather than to interpret and enforce stat-
utory provisions. Nothing in the American Pipe opinion
suggests that the tolling rule it created was mandated by
the text of a statute or federal rule. Nor could it have.
The central text at issue in American Pipe was Rule 23,
and Rule 23 does not so much as mention the extension or
suspension of statutory time bars.
The Court's holding was instead grounded in the tradi-
tional equitable powers of the judiciary. The Court de-
scribed its rule as authorized by the "judicial power to toll
statutes of limitations." Id., at 558; see also id., at 555
("the tolling rule we establish here" ).
The Court also relied on cases that are paradigm applica-
tions of equitable tolling principles, explaining with ap-
proval that tolling in one such case was based on "consid-
erations 'deeply rooted in our jurisprudence.' " Id., at 559
; alteration omitted); see also 414
U. S., at 559 ). The Court noted too that "bad faith" was not the
cause of the District Court's denial of class certification.
414 U. S., at 553.
Perhaps for these reasons, this Court has referred to
American Pipe as "equitable tolling." See Irwin v. De-
partment of Veterans Affairs, and 
(1990); see also Young, supra, at 49; Greyhound Corp. v.
Mt. Hood Stages, Inc., n. (1978) (Burger,
C. J., concurring) (using American Pipe as an example
of "[t]he authority of a federal court, sitting as a chancel-
lor, to toll a statute of limitations on equitable grounds").
It is true, however, that the American Pipe Court did not
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 11

Opinion of the Court

consider the criteria of the formal doctrine of equitable
tolling in any direct manner. It did not analyze, for exam-
ple, whether the plaintiffs pursued their rights with spe-
cial care; whether some extraordinary circumstance pre-
vented them from intervening earlier; or whether the
defendant engaged in misconduct. See Holland v. Florida,
(2010) (identifying these considera-
tions); Young, 535 U. S., at 50 (same). The balance of the
Court's reasoning nonetheless reveals a rule based on
traditional equitable powers, designed to modify a stat-
utory time bar where its rigid application would create
injustice.
D
This analysis shows that the American Pipe tolling rule
does not apply to the 3-year bar mandated in. As
explained above, the 3-year limit is a statute of repose.
See supra, at 5 -- 7. And the object of a statute of repose, to
grant complete peace to defendants, supersedes the appli-
cation of a tolling rule based in equity. See supra, at 7 -- 8.
No feature of provides that deviation from its time
limit is permissible in a case such as this one. To the
contrary, the text, purpose, structure, and history of the
statute all disclose the congressional purpose to offer
defendants full and final security after three years.
Petitioner raises four counterarguments, but they are
not persuasive. First, petitioner contends that this case is
indistinguishable from American Pipe itself. If the 3-year
bar here cannot be tolled, petitioner reasons, then there
was no justification for the American Pipe Court's contrary
decision to suspend the time bar in that case. American
Pipe, however, is distinguishable. The statute in Ameri-
can Pipe was one of limitations, not of repose; it began to
run when " 'the cause of action accrued.' " 414 U. S., at
541,. The statute in the
instant case, however, is a statute of repose. Consistent
12 CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT
SYSTEM v. ANZ SECURITIES, INC. 

Opinion of the Court 

with the different purposes embodied in statutes of limita-
tions and statutes of repose, it is reasonable that the
former may be tolled by equitable considerations even
though the latter in most circumstances may not. See
supra, at 7 -- 8.
Second, petitioner argues that the filing of a class-action
complaint within three years fulfills the purposes of a
statutory time limit with regard to later filed suits by
individual members of the class. That is because, accord-
ing to petitioner, the class complaint puts a defendant on
notice as to the content of the claims against it and the set
of potential plaintiffs who might assert those claims. It is
true that the American Pipe Court, in permitting tolling,
suggested that generic notice satisfied the purposes of the
statute of limitations in that case. See 414 U. S., at 554 -- 
555. While this was deemed sufficient in balancing the
equities to allow tolling under the antitrust statute, it
must be noted that here the analysis differs because the
purpose of a statute of repose is to give the defendant full
protection after a certain time.
If the number and identity of individual suits, where
they may be filed, and the litigation strategies they will
use are unknown, a defendant cannot calculate its poten-
tial liability or set its own plans for litigation with much
precision. The initiation of separate individual suits may
thus increase a defendant's practical burdens. See, e.g.,
Cottreau, Note, The Due Process Right To Opt Out of
Class Actions, 73 N. Y. U. L. Rev. 480, 486, and 
(1998) ("A defendant's transaction costs are likely to be
reduced by having to defend just one action"). The emer-
gence of individual suits, furthermore, may increase a
defendant's financial liability; for plaintiffs who opt out
have considerable leverage and, as a result, may obtain
outsized recoveries. See, e.g., Coffee, Accountability and
Competition in Securities Class Actions: Why "Exit"
Works Better Than "Voice," 30 Cardozo L. Rev. 407, 417,
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 13

Opinion of the Court

432 -- 433 (2008); Perino, Class Action Chaos? The Theory
of the Core and an Analysis of Opt-Out Rights in Mass
Tort Class Actions, 46 Emory L. J. 85, 97 (1997). These
uncertainties can put defendants at added risk in conduct-
ing business going forward, causing destabilization in
markets which react with sensitivity to these matters. By
permitting a class action to splinter into individual suits,
the application of American Pipe tolling would threaten to
alter and expand a defendant's accountability, contradict-
ing the substance of a statute of repose. All this is not to
suggest how best to further equity under these circum-
stances but simply to support the recognition that a stat-
ute of repose supersedes a court's equitable balancing
powers by setting a fixed time period for claims to end.
Third, petitioner contends that dismissal of its individ-
ual suit as untimely would eviscerate its ability to opt out,
an ability this Court has indicated should not be disre-
garded. See Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. v. Dukes, (2011). It does not follow, however, from any privilege
to opt out that an ensuing suit can be filed without regard
to mandatory time limits set by statute.
Fourth, petitioner argues that declining to apply Ameri-
can Pipe tolling to statutes of repose will create inefficien-
cies. It contends that nonnamed class members will inun-
date district courts with protective filings. Even if
petitioner were correct, of course, this Court "lack[s] the
authority to rewrite" the statute of repose or to ignore its
plain import. Baker Botts L. L. P. v. ASARCO LLC, 576
U. S. ___, ___ (2015).
And petitioner's concerns likely are overstated. Peti-
tioner has not offered evidence of any recent influx of
protective filings in the Second Circuit, where the rule
affirmed here has been the law since 2013. This is not
surprising. The very premise of class actions is that
" 'small recoveries do not provide the incentive for any
individual to bring a solo action prosecuting his or her
14 CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT
SYSTEM v. ANZ SECURITIES, INC. 

Opinion of the Court 

rights.' " Amchem Products, Inc. v. Windsor, (1997). Many individual class members may have no
interest in protecting their right to litigate on an individ-
ual basis. Even assuming that they do, the process is un-
likely to be as onerous as petitioner claims. A simple
motion to intervene or request to be included as a named
plaintiff in the class-action complaint may well suffice.
See, e.g., Brief for Washington Legal Foundation as Ami-
cus Curiae 6 -- 11 (describing procedures); Brief for Securi-
ties Industry and Financial Markets Association et al. as
Amici Curiae 16, 19 -- 20 (same). District courts, further-
more, have ample means and methods to administer their
dockets and to ensure that any additional filings proceed
in an orderly fashion. Cf. Dietz v. Bouldin, 579 U. S. ___,
___ (2016) ("[D]istrict courts have the inher-
ent authority to manage their dockets and courtrooms
with a view toward the efficient and expedient resolution
of cases").
III
Petitioner makes an alternative argument that does not
depend on tolling. Petitioner submits its individual suit
was timely in any event. Section 13 provides that an
"action" must be "brought" within three years of the rele-
vant securities offering. See 15 U. S. C.. Petitioner
argues that requirement is met here because the filing of
the class-action complaint "brought" petitioner's individual
"action" within the statutory time period.
This argument rests on the premise that an "action" is
"brought" when substantive claims are presented to any
court, rather than when a particular complaint is filed in a
particular court. The term "action," however, refers to a
judicial "proceeding," or perhaps to a "suit" -- not to the
general content of claims. See Black's Law Dictionary 41
(3d ed. 1933) (defining "action" as, inter alia, "an ordinary
proceeding in a court of justice"); see also id., at 43 ("The
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 15

Opinion of the Court

terms 'action' and 'suit' are... nearly, if not entirely,
synonymous"). Whether or not petitioner's individual
complaint alleged the same securities law violations as the
class-action complaint, it defies ordinary understanding to
suggest that its filing -- in a separate forum, on a separate
date, by a separate named party -- was the same "action,"
"proceeding," or "suit."
The limitless nature of petitioner's argument, further-
more, reveals its implausibility. It appears that, in peti-
tioner's view, the bringing of the class action would make
any subsequent action raising the same claims timely.
Taken to its logical limit, an individual action would be
timely even if it were filed decades after the original secu-
rities offering -- provided a class-action complaint had been
filed at some point within the initial 3-year period. Con-
gress would not have intended this result.
Petitioner's argument also fails because it is incon-
sistent with the reasoning in American Pipe itself. If the
filing of a class action made all subsequent actions by
putative class members timely, there would be no need for
tolling at all. Yet this Court has described American Pipe
as creating a tolling rule, necessary to permit the ensuing
individual actions to proceed. See, e.g., American Pipe,
414 U. S., at 555; Irwin, 498 U. S., at 96, ; Crown, Cork
& Seal Co. v. Parker, (1983). Indeed,
the American Pipe Court reasoned that the class-action
complaint "was filed with 11 days yet to run" in the statu-
tory period, so the motions for intervention were timely
only if filed within 11 days after the denial of class certifi-
cation. 414 U. S., at 561. If the filing of the class action
"brought" any included individual actions, it would have
sufficed for the Court to note the date on which the class
action was filed and deem all subsequent individual ac-
tions proper, regardless when filed.
16 CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT
SYSTEM v. ANZ SECURITIES, INC. 

Opinion of the Court 

* * *
Tolling may be of great value to allow injured persons to
recover for injuries that, through no fault of their own,
they did not discover because the injury or the perpetrator
was not evident until the limitations period otherwise
would have expired. This is of obvious utility in the secu-
rities market, where complex transactions and events can
be obscure and difficult for a market participant to ana-
lyze or apprehend. In a similar way, tolling as allowed in
American Pipe may protect plaintiffs who anticipated their
interests would be protected by a class action but later
learned that a class suit could not be maintained for rea-
sons outside their control.
The purpose of a statute of repose, on the other hand, is
to allow more certainty and reliability. These ends, too,
are a necessity in a marketplace where stability and reli-
ance are essential components of valuation and expecta-
tion for financial actors. The statute in this case recon-
ciles these different ends by its two-tier structure: a
conventional statute of limitations in the first clause and a
statute of repose in the second.
The statute of repose transforms the analysis. In a
hypothetical case with a different statutory scheme, con-
sisting of a single limitations period without an additional
outer limit, a court's equitable power under American Pipe
in many cases would authorize the relief petitioner seeks.
Here, however, the Court need not consider how equitable
considerations should be formulated or balanced, for the
mandate of the statute of repose takes the case outside the
bounds of the American Pipe rule.
The final analysis, then, is straightforward. The 3-year
time bar in of the Securities Act is a statute of repose.
Its purpose and design are to protect defendants against
future liability. The statute displaces the traditional
power of courts to modify statutory time limits in the
name of equity. Because the American Pipe tolling rule is
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 17

Opinion of the Court

rooted in those equitable powers, it cannot extend the 3-
year period. Petitioner's untimely filing of its individual
action is ground for dismissal.
The judgment of the Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit is affirmed.
It is so ordered.
18 CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT
SYSTEM v. ANZ SECURITIES, INC. 

Opinion
Appendix of the of
to opinion Court
the Court 

APPENDIX
Respondents are the following financial securities firms:
ANZ Securities, Inc.; Bankia, S. A.; BBVA Securities Inc.;
BMO Capital Markets Corp.; BNP Paribas FS, LLC; BNP
Paribas S. A.; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; CIBC
World Markets Corp.; Citigroup Global Markets Inc.;
Daiwa Capital Markets Europe Limited; DZ Financial
Markets LLC; HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.; HVB Capital
Markets, Inc.; ING Financial Markets LLC; Mizuho Secu-
rities USA Inc.; M. R. Beal & Company; Muriel Siebert &
Co. Inc.; nabSecurities LLC; Natixis Securities Americas
LLC; RBC Capital Markets LLC; RBS Securities, Inc.;
RBS WCS Holding Company; Santander Investment
Securities Inc.; Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.; SG Americas
Securities, LLC; Sovereign Securities Corporation LLC;
SunTrust Capital Markets, Inc.; Utendahi Capital Part-
ners, L. P.; and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC.
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 16 -- 373
_________________

CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT 

SYSTEM, PETITIONER v. ANZ SECURITIES, INC., 

ET AL. 

ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF 

APPEALS FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT

[June 26, 2017] 

JUSTICE GINSBURG, with whom JUSTICE BREYER,
JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, and JUSTICE KAGAN join, dissenting.
A class complaint was filed against respondents well
within the three-year period of repose set out in of the
Securities Act of 1933, 15 U. S. C.. That complaint
informed respondents of the substance of the claims as-
serted against them and the identities of potential claim-
ants. See American Pipe & Constr. Co. v. Utah, -- 555 (1974); Crown, Cork & Seal Co. v. Parker,
(1983). Respondents, in other words,
received what 's repose period was designed to afford
them: notice of their potential liability within a fixed time
window.
The complaint also "commence[d] the action for all
members of the class." American Pipe, 414 U. S., at 550.
Thus, when petitioner California Public Employees' Re-
tirement System (CalPERS) elected to exercise the right
safeguarded by Federal Rule of Civil Procedure
23(c)(2)(B)(v), i.e., the right to opt out of the class and
proceed independently, CalPERS' claim remained timely.
See American Pipe, 414 U. S., at 550 (demanding that
class members "individually meet the timeliness require-
ments... is simply inconsistent with Rule 23"). Given the
due process underpinning of the opt-out right, see Wal-
2 CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT
SYSTEM v. ANZ SECURITIES, INC. 

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

Mart Stores, Inc. v. Dukes, (2011), I
resist rendering the right illusory for CalPERS and simi-
larly situated class members. I would therefore reverse
the judgment of the Second Circuit. Accordingly, I dissent
from today's decision, under which opting out cuts off any
chance for recovery.
I
CalPERS' claim against respondents was timely
launched when the class representative filed a complaint
pursuant to of the Securities Act, 15 U. S. C., on
behalf of all members of the described class, CalPERS
among them. See American Pipe & Constr. Co. v. Utah,
(1974) (under Federal Rule of Civil
Procedure 23, "the filing of a timely class action complaint
commences the action for all members of the class"). See
also ante, at 3 (CalPERS was part of putative class).
Filing the class complaint within three years of the date
the securities specified in that complaint were offered to
the public also satisfied 's statute of repose. As the
Court observes, ante, at 5, statutes of repose "effect a
legislative judgment that a defendant should be free from
[facing] liability after the legislatively determined period
of time." CTS Corp. v. Waldburger, 573 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___
(2014) ( -- 7) (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). A repose period assures a party who might be drawn
into litigation that, if no action is brought within a speci-
fied time, he will be off the hook. But whether CalPERS
stayed in the class or eventually filed separately, respond-
ents would have known, within the repose period, of their
potential liability to all putative class members.
A class complaint "notifies the defendants not only of
the substantive claims being brought against them, but
also of the number and generic identities of the potential
plaintiffs who may participate in the judgment." Crown,
Cork & Seal Co. v. Parker, (1983) (quot-
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

ing American Pipe, 414 U. S., at 555). The class complaint
filed against respondents provided that very notice: It
identified "the essential information necessary to deter-
mine both the subject matter and size of the prospective
litigation," id., at 555 -- i.e., the class of plaintiffs, the
offering documents, and the alleged untrue statements
and misleading omissions in those documents, see App.
50 -- 66. "[A] defendant faced with [such] information about
a potential liability to a class cannot be said to have
reached a state of repose that should be protected." De-
velopments in the Law: Class Actions, 89 Harv. L. Rev.
1318, 1451 (1976).
When CalPERS elected to pursue individually the
claims already stated in the class complaint against the
same defendants, it simply took control of the piece of the
action that had always belonged to it. CalPERS' state-
ment of the same allegations in an individual complaint
could not disturb anyone's repose, for respondents could
hardly be at rest once notified of the potential claimants
and the precise false or misleading statements alleged to
infect the registration statements at issue.1 CalPERS'
decision to opt out did change two things: (1) CalPERS
positioned itself to exercise its constitutional right to go it
alone, cutting loose from a monetary settlement it deemed
insufficient; and (2) respondents had to deal with
CalPERS and its attorneys in addition to the named plain-
tiff and class counsel. Although those changes may affect
how litigation subsequently plays out, see ante, at 12 -- 13,
they do not implicate the concerns that prompted 's
repose period: The class complaint disclosed the same
information respondents would have received had each

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 To rank as a continuation of an action timely brought and serving
the purpose of repose, the individual complaint may raise only those
claims stated in the class complaint and must be launched while the
class suit is still pending.
4 CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES' RETIREMENT
SYSTEM v. ANZ SECURITIES, INC. 

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

class member instead filed an individual complaint on the
day the class complaint was filed.
II
Today's decision disserves the investing public that 
was designed to protect. The harshest consequences will
fall on those class members, often least sophisticated, who
fail to file a protective claim within the repose period.
Absent a protective claim filed within that period, those
members stand to forfeit their constitutionally shielded
right to opt out of the class and thereby control the prose-
cution of their own claims for damages. See Wal-Mart
Stores, Inc. v. Dukes, (2011) ("In the
context of a class action predominantly for money dam-
ages," the "absence of... opt-out violates due process.").
Because critical stages of securities class actions, includ-
ing the class-certification decision, often occur years after
the filing of a class complaint,2 the risk is high that class
members failing to file a protective claim will be sad-
dled with inadequate representation or an inadequate
judgment.
The majority's ruling will also gum up the works of class
litigation. Defendants will have an incentive to slow walk
discovery and other precertification proceedings so the
clock will run on potential opt outs. Any class member
with a material stake in a case, including every fiduci-
ary who must safeguard investor assets, will have strong
cause to file a protective claim, in a separate complaint or

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2Arecent study showed, for example, that the time from the filing of
a securities class complaint to the class-certification decision exceeds
two years in 66% of cases and exceeds three years in 36% of cases. See
S. Boettrich & S. Starykh, NERA Economic Consulting, Recent Trends
in Securities Class Action Litigation: 2016 Full-Year Review, p. 23
(2017), available at http://www.nera.com/content/dam/nera/publications/
2017/PUB_2016_Securities_Year-End_Trends_Report_0117.pdf (as last
visited June 19, 2017).
 Cite as: 582 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

GINSBURG, J., dissenting

in a motion to intervene, before the three-year period
expires. See Brief for Retired Federal Judges as Amici
Curiae 9 -- 14. Such filings, by increasing the costs and
complexity of the litigation, "substantially burden the
courts." Id., at 13.
Today's decision impels courts and class counsel to take
on a more active role in protecting class members' opt-out
rights. See id., at 11 -- 13. As the repose period nears
expiration, it should be incumbent on class counsel, guided
by district courts, to notify class members about the con-
sequences of failing to file a timely protective claim. "At
minimum, when notice goes out to a class beyond ['s
limitations period], a district court will need to assess
whether the notice [should] alert class members that
opting out... would end [their] chance for recovery." Id.,
at 20.
* * *
For the reasons stated, I would hold that the filing of
the class complaint commenced CalPERS' action under
of the Securities Act, thereby satisfying 's statute
of repose. Accordingly, I would reverse the judgment of
the Second Circuit.

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case addresses whether the Virginia state legisla-
ture's consideration of race in drawing new lines for 12
state legislative districts violated the Equal Protection
Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. After the 2010
census, some redistricting was required to ensure proper
numerical apportionment for the Virginia House of Dele-
gates. It is undisputed that the boundary lines for the 12
districts at issue were drawn with a goal of ensuring that
each district would have a black voting-age population
(BVAP) of at least 55%.
Certain voters challenged the new districts as unconsti-
tutional racial gerrymanders. The United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, constituted as a
three-judge district court, rejected the challenges as to
each of the 12 districts. As to 11 of the districts, the Dis-
trict Court concluded that the voters had not shown, as
this Court's precedent requires, "that race was the pre-
dominant factor motivating the legislature's decision to
place a significant number of voters within or without a
particular district." Miller v. Johnson, 
2 BETHUNE-HILL v. VIRGINIA STATE BD. OF ELECTIONS

Opinion of the Court

(1995). The District Court held that race predominates
only where there is an " 'actual conflict between traditional
redistricting criteria and race,' " 141 F. Supp. 3d 505, 524
(ED Va. 2015), so it confined the predominance analysis to
the portions of the new lines that appeared to deviate from
traditional criteria, and found no violation. As to the
remaining district, District 75, the District Court found
that race did predominate. It concluded, however, that the
lines were constitutional because the legislature's use of
race was narrowly tailored to a compelling state interest.
In particular, the District Court determined that the
legislature had "good reasons to believe" that a 55% racial
target was necessary in District 75 to avoid diminishing
the ability of black voters to elect their preferred candi-
dates, which at the time would have violated of the
Voting Rights Act of 1965. Alabama Legislative Black
Caucus v. Alabama, 575 U. S. ___, ___ (2015) (internal quotation marks omitted and emphasis
deleted).
On appeal to this Court, the challengers contend that
the District Court employed an incorrect legal standard
for racial predominance and that the legislature lacked
good reasons for its use of race in District 75. This Court
now affirms as to District 75 and vacates and remands as
to the remaining 11 districts.
I
After the 2010 census, the Virginia General Assembly
set out to redraw the legislative districts for the State
Senate and House of Delegates in time for the 2011 elec-
tions. In February 2011, the House Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections adopted a resolution establishing
criteria to guide the redistricting process. Among those
criteria were traditional redistricting factors such as
compactness, contiguity of territory, and respect for com-
munities of interest. But above those traditional objec-
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

Opinion of the Court

tives, the committee gave priority to two other goals.
First, in accordance with the principle of one person, one
vote, the committee resolved that "[t]he population of each
district shall be as nearly equal to the population of every
other district as practicable," with any deviations falling
"within plus-or-minus one percent." 141 F. Supp. 3d, at
518. Second, the committee resolved that the new map
must comply with the "protections against... unwarranted
retrogression" contained in of the Voting Rights Act.
Ibid. At the time, required covered jurisdictions, in-
cluding Virginia, to preclear any change to a voting stand-
ard, practice, or procedure by showing federal authorities
that the change would not have the purpose or effect of
"diminishing the ability of [members of a minority group]
to elect their preferred candidates of choice.", 120 Stat.
580 -- 581, 52 U. S. C.. After the redistricting
process here was completed, this Court held that the
coverage formula in of the Voting Rights Act no
longer may be used to require preclearance under. See
Shelby County v. Holder, 570 U. S. ___, ___ (2013).
The committee's criteria presented potential problems
for 12 House districts. Under as Congress amended it
in 2005, "[a] plan leads to impermissible retrogression
when, compared to the plan currently in effect (typically
called a 'benchmark plan'), the new plan diminishes the
number of districts in which minority groups can 'elect
their preferred candidates of choice' (often called 'ability-
to-elect' districts)." Harris v. Arizona Independent Redis-
tricting Comm'n, 578 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2016) ( -- 6) ). The parties agree
that the 12 districts at issue here, where minorities had
constituted a majority of the voting-age population for
many past elections, qualified as "ability-to-elect" districts.
Most of the districts were underpopulated, however, so
any new plan required moving significant numbers of new
4 BETHUNE-HILL v. VIRGINIA STATE BD. OF ELECTIONS

Opinion of the Court

voters into these districts in order to comply with the
principle of one person, one vote. Under the benchmark
plan, the districts had BVAPs ranging from 62.7% down to
46.3%. Three districts had BVAPs below 55%.
Seeking to maintain minority voters' ability to elect
their preferred candidates in these districts while comply-
ing with the one-person, one-vote criterion, legislators
concluded that each of the 12 districts "needed to contain a
BVAP of at least 55%." 141 F. Supp. 3d, at 519. At trial,
the parties disputed whether the 55% figure "was an
aspiration or a target or a rule." Ibid. But they did not
dispute "the most important question -- whether [the 55%]
figure was used in drawing the Challenged Districts."
Ibid. The parties agreed, and the District Court found,
"that the 55% BVAP figure was used in structuring the
districts." Ibid. In the enacted plan all 12 districts con-
tained a BVAP greater than 55%.
Who first suggested the 55% BVAP criterion and how
the legislators agreed upon it was less clear from the
evidence. See id., at 521 (describing the "[t]estimony on
this question" as "a muddle"). In the end, the District
Court found that the 55% criterion emerged from discus-
sions among certain members of the House Black Caucus
and the leader of the redistricting effort in the House,
Delegate Chris Jones, "based largely on concerns pertain-
ing to the re-election of Delegate Tyler in [District] 75."
Id., at 522. The 55% figure "was then applied across the
board to all twelve" districts. Ibid.
In April 2011, the General Assembly passed Delegate
Jones' plan with broad support from both parties and
members of the Black Caucus. One of only two dissenting
members of the Black Caucus was Delegate Tyler of Dis-
trict 75, who objected solely on the ground that the 55.4%
BVAP in her district was too low. In June 2011, the U. S.
Department of Justice precleared the plan.
Three years later, before this suit was filed, a separate
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

Opinion of the Court

District Court struck down Virginia's third federal con-
gressional district (not at issue here), based in part on the
legislature's use of a 55% BVAP threshold. See Page v.
Virginia State Bd. of Elections, 58 F. Supp. 3d 533, 553
(ED Va. 2014), vacated and remanded sub nom. Cantor v.
Personhuballah, 575 U. S. ___ (2015), judgt. entered
sub nom. Page v. Virginia State Bd. of Elections, 2015 WL
3604029 (June 5, 2015), appeal dism'd sub nom. Wittman
v. Personhuballah, 578 U. S. ___ (2016). After that deci-
sion, 12 voters registered in the 12 districts here at issue
filed this action challenging the district lines under the
Equal Protection Clause. Because the claims "challeng[ed]
the constitutionality of... the apportionment of [a]
statewide legislative body," the case was heard by a three-
judge District Court. 28 U. S. C.. The Virginia
House of Delegates and its Speaker, William Howell (to-
gether referred to hereinafter as the State), intervened
and assumed responsibility for defending the plan, both
before the District Court and now before this Court.
After a 4-day bench trial, a divided District Court ruled
for the State. With respect to each challenged district, the
court first assessed whether "racial considerations pre-
dominated over -- or 'subordinated' -- traditional redistrict-
ing criteria." 141 F. Supp. 3d, at 523. An essential prem-
ise of the majority opinion was that race does not
predominate unless there is an "actual conflict between
traditional redistricting criteria and race that leads to the
subordination of the former." Id., at 524. To implement
that standard, moreover, the court limited its inquiry into
racial motive to those portions of the district lines that
appeared to deviate from traditional criteria. The court
thus "examine[d] those aspects of the [district] that ap-
pear[ed] to constitute 'deviations' from neutral criteria" to
ascertain whether the deviations were attributable to race
or to other considerations, "such as protection of incum-
bents." Id., at 533 -- 534. Only if the court found a devia-
6 BETHUNE-HILL v. VIRGINIA STATE BD. OF ELECTIONS

Opinion of the Court

tion attributable to race did it proceed to "determine
whether racial considerations qualitatively subordinated
all other non-racial districting criteria." Ibid. Under that
analysis, the court found that race did not predominate in
11 of the 12 districts.
When it turned to District 75, the District Court found
that race did predominate. The court reasoned that
"[a]chieving a 55% BVAP floor required 'drastic maneuver-
ing' that is reflected on the face of the district." Id., at
557. Applying strict scrutiny, the court held that compli-
ance with was a compelling state interest and that the
legislature's consideration of race in District 75 was nar-
rowly tailored. As to narrow tailoring, the court explained
that the State had "a strong basis in evidence" to believe
that its actions were "reasonably necessary" to avoid
retrogression. Id., at 548. In particular, the court found
that Delegate Jones had considered "precisely the kinds of
evidence that legislators are encouraged to use" in achiev-
ing compliance with, including turnout rates, the dis-
trict's large disenfranchised prison population, and voting
patterns in the contested 2005 primary and general elec-
tions. Id., at 558.
Judge Keenan dissented as to all 12 districts. She
concluded that the majority applied an incorrect under-
standing of racial predominance and that Delegate Jones'
analysis of District 75 was too "general and conclusory."
Id., at 578. This appeal followed, and probable jurisdiction
was noted. 578 U. S. ___ (2016); see 28 U. S. C..
II
Against the factual and procedural background set out
above, it is now appropriate to consider the controlling
legal principles in this case. The Equal Protection Clause
prohibits a State, without sufficient justification, from
"separat[ing] its citizens into different voting districts on
the basis of race." Miller, 515 U. S., at 911. The harms
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 7

Opinion of the Court

that flow from racial sorting "include being personally
subjected to a racial classification as well as being repre-
sented by a legislator who believes his primary obligation
is to represent only the members of a particular racial
group." Alabama, 575 U. S., at ___ (altera-
tions, citation, and internal quotation marks omitted). At
the same time, courts must "exercise extraordinary cau-
tion in adjudicating claims that a State has drawn district
lines on the basis of race." Miller, 515 U. S., at 916. "Elec-
toral districting is a most difficult subject for legislatures,"
requiring a delicate balancing of competing considerations.
Id., at 915. And "redistricting differs from other kinds of
state decisionmaking in that the legislature always is
aware of race when it draws district lines, just as it is
aware of... a variety of other demographic factors."
Shaw v. Reno, (1993) (Shaw I ).
In light of these considerations, this Court has held that
a plaintiff alleging racial gerrymandering bears the bur-
den "to show, either through circumstantial evidence of a
district's shape and demographics or more direct evidence
going to legislative purpose, that race was the predomi-
nant factor motivating the legislature's decision to place a
significant number of voters within or without a particular
district." Miller, 515 U. S. at 916. To satisfy this burden,
the plaintiff "must prove that the legislature subordinated
traditional race-neutral districting principles... to racial
considerations." Ibid. The challengers contend that, in
finding that race did not predominate in 11 of the 12
districts, the District Court misapplied controlling law in
two principal ways. This Court considers them in turn.
A
The challengers first argue that the District Court
misunderstood the relevant precedents when it required
the challengers to establish, as a prerequisite to showing
racial predominance, an actual conflict between the enacted
8 BETHUNE-HILL v. VIRGINIA STATE BD. OF ELECTIONS

Opinion of the Court

plan and traditional redistricting principles. The Court
agrees with the challengers on this point.
A threshold requirement that the enacted plan must
conflict with traditional principles might have been recon-
cilable with this Court's case law at an earlier time. In
Shaw I, the Court recognized a claim of racial gerryman-
dering for the first time. See 509 U. S., at 652. Certain
language in Shaw I can be read to support requiring a
challenger who alleges racial gerrymandering to show an
actual conflict with traditional principles. The opinion
stated, for example, that strict scrutiny applies to "redis-
tricting legislation that is so bizarre on its face that it is
unexplainable on grounds other than race." Id., at 644. The opinion also
stated that "reapportionment is one area in which appear-
ances do matter." Id., at 647.
The Court's opinion in Miller, however, clarified the
racial predominance inquiry. In particular, it rejected the
argument that, "regardless of the legislature's purposes, a
plaintiff must demonstrate that a district's shape is so
bizarre that it is unexplainable other than on the basis of
race." 515 U. S., at 910 -- 911. The Court held to the con-
trary in language central to the instant case: "Shape is
relevant not because bizarreness is a necessary element of
the constitutional wrong or a threshold requirement of
proof, but because it may be persuasive circumstantial
evidence that race for its own sake, and not other district-
ing principles, was the legislature's dominant and control-
ling rationale." Id., at 913. Parties therefore "may rely on
evidence other than bizarreness to establish race-based
districting," and may show predominance "either through
circumstantial evidence of a district's shape and de-
mographics or more direct evidence going to legislative
purpose." Id., at 913, 916.
The Court addressed racial gerrymandering and tradi-
tional redistricting factors again in Shaw v. Hunt, 517
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 9

Opinion of the Court

U. S. 899 (1996) (Shaw II). The Court there rejected the
view of one of the dissents that "strict scrutiny does not
apply where a State 'respects' or 'complies with traditional
districting principles.' " Id., at 906 ; alteration omitted). Race may
predominate even when a reapportionment plan respects
traditional principles, the Court explained, if "[r]ace was
the criterion that, in the State's view, could not be com-
promised," and race-neutral considerations "came into
play only after the race-based decision had been made."
Id., at 907.
The State's theory in this case is irreconcilable with
Miller and Shaw II. The State insists, for example, that
the harm from racial gerrymandering lies not in racial
line-drawing per se but in grouping voters of the same race
together when they otherwise lack shared interests. But
"the constitutional violation" in racial gerrymandering
cases stems from the "racial purpose of state action, not its
stark manifestation." Miller, supra, at 913. The Equal
Protection Clause does not prohibit misshapen districts.
It prohibits unjustified racial classifications.
The State contends further that race does not have a
prohibited effect on a district's lines if the legislature could
have drawn the same lines in accordance with traditional
criteria. That argument parallels the District Court's
reasoning that a reapportionment plan is not an express
racial classification unless a racial purpose is apparent
from the face of the plan based on the irregular nature of
the lines themselves. See 141 F. Supp. 3d, at 524 -- 526.
This is incorrect. The racial predominance inquiry con-
cerns the actual considerations that provided the essential
basis for the lines drawn, not post hoc justifications the
legislature in theory could have used but in reality did not.
Traditional redistricting principles, moreover, are nu-
merous and malleable. The District Court here identified
no fewer than 11 race-neutral redistricting factors a legis-
10 BETHUNE-HILL v. VIRGINIA STATE BD. OF ELECTIONS

Opinion of the Court

lature could consider, some of which are "surprisingly
ethereal" and "admi[t] of degrees." Id., at 535, 537. By
deploying those factors in various combinations and per-
mutations, a State could construct a plethora of potential
maps that look consistent with traditional, race-neutral
principles. But if race for its own sake is the overriding
reason for choosing one map over others, race still may
predominate.
For these reasons, a conflict or inconsistency between
the enacted plan and traditional redistricting criteria is
not a threshold requirement or a mandatory precondition
in order for a challenger to establish a claim of racial
gerrymandering. Of course, a conflict or inconsistency
may be persuasive circumstantial evidence tending to
show racial predomination, but there is no rule requiring
challengers to present this kind of evidence in every case.
As a practical matter, in many cases, perhaps most
cases, challengers will be unable to prove an unconstitu-
tional racial gerrymander without evidence that the en-
acted plan conflicts with traditional redistricting criteria.
In general, legislatures that engage in impermissible race-
based redistricting will find it necessary to depart from
traditional principles in order to do so. And, in the ab-
sence of a conflict with traditional principles, it may be
difficult for challengers to find other evidence sufficient to
show that race was the overriding factor causing neutral
considerations to be cast aside. In fact, this Court to date
has not affirmed a predominance finding, or remanded a
case for a determination of predominance, without evi-
dence that some district lines deviated from traditional
principles. See Alabama, 575 U. S., at ___ ;
Hunt v. Cromartie, (1999); Bush v.
Vera, 966, 974 (1996) (plurality opin-
ion); Shaw II, supra, at 905 -- 906; Miller, supra, at 917;
Shaw I, supra, at 635 -- 636. Yet the law responds to proper
evidence and valid inferences in ever-changing circum-
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 11

Opinion of the Court

stances, as it learns more about ways in which its com-
mands are circumvented. So there may be cases where
challengers will be able to establish racial predominance
in the absence of an actual conflict by presenting direct
evidence of the legislative purpose and intent or other
compelling circumstantial evidence.
B
The challengers submit that the District Court erred
further when it considered the legislature's racial motive
only to the extent that the challengers identified devia-
tions from traditional redistricting criteria that were
attributable to race and not to some other factor. In the
challengers' view, this approach foreclosed a holistic anal-
ysis of each district and led the District Court to give
insufficient weight to the 55% BVAP target and other
relevant evidence that race predominated. Again, this
Court agrees.
As explained, showing a deviation from, or conflict with,
traditional redistricting principles is not a necessary
prerequisite to establishing racial predominance. Supra,
at 10. But even where a challenger alleges a conflict, or
succeeds in showing one, the court should not confine its
analysis to the conflicting portions of the lines. That is
because the basic unit of analysis for racial gerrymander-
ing claims in general, and for the racial predominance
inquiry in particular, is the district. Racial gerrymander-
ing claims proceed "district-by-district." Alabama, 575
U. S., at ___. "We have consistently de-
scribed a claim of racial gerrymandering as a claim that
race was improperly used in the drawing of the boundaries
of one or more specific electoral districts." Ibid. And
Miller's basic predominance test scrutinizes the legisla-
ture's motivation for placing "a significant number of
voters within or without a particular district." 515 U. S.,
at 916. Courts evaluating racial predominance therefore
12 BETHUNE-HILL v. VIRGINIA STATE BD. OF ELECTIONS

Opinion of the Court

should not divorce any portion of the lines -- whatever
their relationship to traditional principles -- from the rest
of the district.
This is not to suggest that courts evaluating racial
gerrymandering claims may not consider evidence pertain-
ing to an area that is larger or smaller than the district at
issue. The Court has recognized that "[v]oters, of course,
can present statewide evidence in order to prove racial
gerrymandering in a particular district." Alabama, supra,
at ___ (emphasis deleted). Districts share
borders, after all, and a legislature may pursue a common
redistricting policy toward multiple districts. Likewise, a
legislature's race-based decisionmaking may be evident in
a notable way in a particular part of a district. It follows
that a court may consider evidence regarding certain
portions of a district's lines, including portions that con-
flict with traditional redistricting principles.
The ultimate object of the inquiry, however, is the legis-
lature's predominant motive for the design of the district
as a whole. A court faced with a racial gerrymandering
claim therefore must consider all of the lines of the district
at issue; any explanation for a particular portion of the
lines, moreover, must take account of the districtwide
context. Concentrating on particular portions in isolation
may obscure the significance of relevant districtwide
evidence, such as stark splits in the racial composition of
populations moved into and out of disparate parts of the
district, or the use of an express racial target. A holistic
analysis is necessary to give that kind of evidence its
proper weight.
C
The challengers ask this Court not only to correct the
District Court's racial predominance standard but also to
apply that standard and conclude that race in fact did
predominate in the 11 districts where the District Court
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 13

Opinion of the Court

held that it did not. For its part, the State asks the Court
to hold that, even if race did predominate in these dis-
tricts, the State's predominant use of race was narrowly
tailored to the compelling interest in complying with.
The Court declines these requests. "[O]urs is a court of
final review and not first view." Department of Transpor-
tation v. Association of American Railroads, 575 U. S. ___,
___ (2015) (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). The District Court is best positioned to determine in
the first instance the extent to which, under the proper
standard, race directed the shape of these 11 districts.
And if race did predominate, it is proper for the District
Court to determine in the first instance whether strict
scrutiny is satisfied. These matters are left for the Dis-
trict Court on remand.
III
The Court now turns to the arguments regarding Dis-
trict 75. Where a challenger succeeds in establishing
racial predominance, the burden shifts to the State to
"demonstrate that its districting legislation is narrowly
tailored to achieve a compelling interest." Miller, supra,
at 920. The District Court here determined that the
State's predominant use of race in District 75 was narrowly
tailored to achieve compliance with. The challengers
contest the finding of narrow tailoring, but they do not
dispute that compliance with was a compelling interest
at the relevant time. As in previous cases, therefore, the
Court assumes, without deciding, that the State's interest
in complying with the Voting Rights Act was compelling.
E.g., Alabama, supra, at ___ -- ___ ( -- 23); Shaw
II, 517 U. S., at 915.
Turning to narrow tailoring, the Court explained the
contours of that requirement in Alabama. When a State
justifies the predominant use of race in redistricting on
the basis of the need to comply with the Voting Rights Act,
14 BETHUNE-HILL v. VIRGINIA STATE BD. OF ELECTIONS

Opinion of the Court

"the narrow tailoring requirement insists only that the
legislature have a strong basis in evidence in support of
the (race-based) choice that it has made." 575 U. S., at ___. That
standard does not require the State to show that its action
was "actually... necessary" to avoid a statutory violation,
so that, but for its use of race, the State would have lost in
court. Ibid.. Rather,
the requisite strong basis in evidence exists when the
legislature has "good reasons to believe" it must use race
in order to satisfy the Voting Rights Act, "even if a court
does not find that the actions were necessary for statutory
compliance." Ibid..
The Court now finds no error in the District Court's
conclusion that the State had sufficient grounds to deter-
mine that the race-based calculus it employed in District
75 was necessary to avoid violating. As explained, at
the time barred Virginia from adopting any districting
change that would "have the effect of diminishing the
ability of [members of a minority group] to elect their
preferred candidates of choice." 52 U. S. C..
Determining what minority population percentage will
satisfy that standard is a difficult task requiring, in the
view of the Department of Justice, a "functional analysis
of the electoral behavior within the particular... election
district." Guidance Concerning Redistricting Under Sec-
tion 5 of the Voting Rights Act, 76 Fed. Reg. 7471 (2011).
Under the facts found by the District Court, the legisla-
ture performed that kind of functional analysis of District
75 when deciding upon the 55% BVAP target. Redrawing
this district presented a difficult task, and the result
reflected the good-faith efforts of Delegate Jones and his
colleagues to achieve an informed bipartisan consensus.
Delegate Jones met with Delegate Tyler "probably half a
dozen times to configure her district" in order to avoid
retrogression. 141 F. Supp. 3d, at 558 (internal quotation
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 15

Opinion of the Court

marks omitted). He discussed the district with incum-
bents from other majority-minority districts. He also
considered turnout rates, the results of the recent contested
primary and general elections in 2005, and the dis-
trict's large population of disenfranchised black prisoners.
The challengers, moreover, do not dispute that District 75
was an ability-to-elect district, or that white and black
voters in the area tend to vote as blocs. See id., at 557 -- 
559. In light of Delegate Jones' careful assessment of local
conditions and structures, the State had a strong basis in
evidence to believe a 55% BVAP floor was required to
avoid retrogression.
The challengers' responses ask too much from state
officials charged with the sensitive duty of reapportioning
legislative districts. First, the challengers contest the
sufficiency of the evidence showing that Delegate Jones in
fact performed a functional analysis, in part because that
analysis was not memorialized in writing. But the Dis-
trict Court's factual findings are reviewed only for clear
error. See Easley v. Cromartie, (2001).
The findings regarding how the legislature arrived at the
55% BVAP target are well supported, and "we do not...
require States engaged in redistricting to compile a com-
prehensive administrative record." Vera, 517 U. S., at 966.
The challengers argue further that the drafters of the
plan had insufficient evidence to justify a 55% BVAP floor.
The 2005 elections were idiosyncratic, the challengers
contend; moreover, demographic information about the
prison in the district is absent from the record, and Dele-
gate Tyler's perspective was influenced by a personal
interest in reelection. That may have been so, and for
those reasons, it is possible that, if the State had drawn
District 75 with a BVAP below 55% and had sought judi-
cial preclearance, a court would have found no viola-
tion. But that is not the question here. "The law cannot
16 BETHUNE-HILL v. VIRGINIA STATE BD. OF ELECTIONS

Opinion of the Court

insist that a state legislature, when redistricting, deter-
mine precisely what percent minority population de-
mands." Alabama, 575 U. S., at ___. The
question is whether the State had "good reasons" to be-
lieve a 55% BVAP floor was necessary to avoid liability
under. Ibid.. The
State did have good reasons under these circumstances.
Holding otherwise would afford state legislatures too little
breathing room, leaving them "trapped between the com-
peting hazards of liability" under the Voting Rights Act
and the Equal Protection Clause. Vera, supra, at 977.
As a final point, the challengers liken the 55% BVAP
floor here to the "mechanically numerical view" of this
Court rejected in Alabama. 575 U. S., at ___. But Alabama did not condemn the use of BVAP
targets to comply with in every instance. Rather, this
Court corrected the "misperception" that required a
State to "maintai[n] the same population percentages in
majority-minority districts as in the prior plan." Id., at
___ -- ___ ( -- 20). "[I]t would seem highly un-
likely," the Court explained, that reducing a district's
BVAP "from, say, 70% to 65% would have a significant
impact on the black voters' ability to elect their preferred
candidate." Id., at ___. Yet reducing the
BVAP below 55% well might have that effect in some
cases. The record here supports the legislature's conclu-
sion that this was one instance where a 55% BVAP was
necessary for black voters to have a functional working
majority.
IV
The Court's holding in this case is controlled by prece-
dent. The Court reaffirms the basic racial predominance
analysis explained in Miller and Shaw II, and the basic
narrow tailoring analysis explained in Alabama. The
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 17

Opinion of the Court

District Court's judgment as to District 75 is consistent
with these principles. Applying these principles to the
remaining 11 districts is entrusted to the District Court in
the first instance.
The judgment of the District Court is affirmed in part
and vacated in part. The case is remanded for further
proceedings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

Opinion of ALITO, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 15 -- 680
_________________

GOLDEN BETHUNE-HILL, ET AL., APPELLANTS v.

VIRGINIA STATE BOARD OF ELECTIONS, ET AL. 

ON APPEAL FROM THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR
THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA
[March 1, 2017]

JUSTICE ALITO, concurring in part and concurring in the
judgment.
I join the opinion of the Court insofar as it upholds the
constitutionality of District 75. Ante, at 13 -- 16. The dis-
tricting plan at issue here was adopted prior to our deci-
sion in Shelby County v. Holder, 570 U. S. ___ (2013), and
therefore it is appropriate to apply the body of law in effect
at that time. What is more, appellants have never con-
tested the District Court's holding that compliance with 
of the Voting Rights Act was a compelling government
interest for covered jurisdictions before our decision in
Shelby County. See 141 F. Supp. 3d 505, 545 -- 547 (ED Va.
2015).
I concur in the judgment of the Court insofar as it va-
cates and remands the judgment below with respect to all
the remaining districts. Unlike the Court, however, I
would hold that all these districts must satisfy strict
scrutiny. See post, at 1 -- 2 (THOMAS, J., concurring in
judgment in part and dissenting in part); see also League
of United Latin American Citizens v. Perry, (2006) (Scalia, J., concurring in judgment in part and
dissenting in part) ("[W]hen a legislature intentionally
creates a majority-minority district, race is necessarily its
predominant motivation and strict scrutiny is therefore
triggered").
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 15 -- 680
_________________

GOLDEN BETHUNE-HILL, ET AL., APPELLANTS v.

VIRGINIA STATE BOARD OF ELECTIONS, ET AL. 

ON APPEAL FROM THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR
THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA
[March 1, 2017]

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring in the judgment in part
and dissenting in part.
Appellants contend that 12 of Virginia's state legislative
districts are unconstitutional racial gerrymanders. The
three-judge District Court rejected their challenge, holding
that race was not the legislature's predominant motive in
drawing 11 of the districts and that the remaining district
survives strict scrutiny. I would reverse the District Court
as to all 12 districts. I therefore concur in the judgment in
part and dissent in part.
I
I concur in the Court's judgment reversing the District
Court's decision to uphold 11 of the 12 districts at issue in
this case -- House Districts 63, 69, 70, 71, 74, 77, 80, 89, 90,
92, and 95. I do not agree, however, with the Court's deci-
sion to leave open the question whether race predominated
in those districts and, thus, whether they are subject to
strict scrutiny. Ante, at 12 -- 13. Appellees (hereinafter
State) concede that the legislature intentionally drew all
12 districts as majority-black districts. See, e.g., Brief for
Appellees 1 ("[T]he legislature sought to achieve a [black
voting-age population] of at least 55% in adjusting the
lines of the 12 majority-minority districts"). That conces-
sion, in my view, mandates strict scrutiny as to each
2 BETHUNE-HILL v. VIRGINIA STATE BD. OF ELECTIONS

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

district. See Bush v. Vera, (1996)
(THOMAS, J., concurring in judgment) (A State's "conces-
sion that it intentionally created majority-minority dis-
tricts [i]s sufficient to show that race was a predominant,
motivating factor in its redistricting"); League of United
Latin American Citizens v. Perry, (2006)
(LULAC) (Scalia, J., concurring in judgment in part and
dissenting in part) ("[W]hen a legislature intentionally
creates a majority-minority district, race is necessarily its
predominant motivation and strict scrutiny is therefore
triggered"). I would therefore hold that the District Court
must apply strict scrutiny to Districts 63, 69, 70, 71, 74,
77, 80, 89, 90, 92, and 95 on remand.
II
I disagree with the Court's judgment with respect to the
remaining district, District 75. The majority affirms the
District Court's holding that District 75 is subject to strict
scrutiny. With this I agree, because, as with the other 11
districts, the State conceded that it intentionally drew
District 75 as a majority-black district.
I disagree, however, with the majority's determination
that District 75 satisfies strict scrutiny. This Court has
held that a State may draw distinctions among its citizens
based on race only when it "is pursuing a compelling state
interest" and has chosen "narrowly tailored" means to
accomplish that interest. Shaw v. Hunt, (1996). The State
asserts that it used race in drawing District 75 to further
a "compelling interest in complying with Section 5 of the
[Voting Rights Act of 1965]." Brief for Appellees 50.1 And
it argues that, based on its "good-faith functional analysis"
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 It
is unclear from the record whether the State sought to justify its
use of race on other grounds. I would leave it to the District Court to
evaluate in the first instance any other asserted compelling interest,
including whether such interest has been forfeited.
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

of the district, it narrowly tailored its use of race to
achieve that interest. Id., at 56. In my view, the State
has neither asserted a compelling state interest nor nar-
rowly tailored its use of race.
A
As an initial matter, the majority errs by "assum[ing],
without deciding, that the State's interest in complying
with the Voting Rights Act was compelling." Ante, at 13.
To be sure, this Court has previously assumed that a State
has a compelling interest in complying with the Voting
Rights Act. But it has done so only in cases in which it
has not upheld the redistricting plan at issue. See, e.g.,
Miller v. Johnson, (1995) (leaving open
the question "[w]hether or not in some cases compliance
with the [Voting Rights] Act, standing alone, can provide a
compelling interest independent of any interest in remedy-
ing past discrimination").2 This Court has never, before
today, assumed a compelling state interest while uphold-
ing a state redistricting plan. Indeed, I know of no other

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 See also Shaw v. Hunt, (1996) ("In Miller, we
expressly left open the question whether under the proper circumstances
compliance with the Voting Rights Act, on its own, could be a compel-
ling [state] interest.... Here once again we do not reach that
question because we find that creating an additional majority-black
district was not required under a correct reading of "); id., at 915
("We assume, arguendo, for the purpose of resolving this suit, that
compliance with could be a compelling interest" but hold that the
remedy "is not narrowly tailored to the asserted end"); Bush v. Vera, 979 (1996) (plurality opinion) ("[W]e assume without
deciding that compliance with [the Voting Rights Act], as interpreted
by our precedents, can be a compelling state interest" but hold that the
districts at issue are not "narrowly tailored" to achieve that interest
(citation omitted)); Alabama Legislative Black Caucus v. Alabama, 575
U. S. ___, ___ (2015) ("[W]e do not here decide whether... continued compliance with remains a compelling interest"
because "we conclude that the District Court and the legislature asked
the wrong question with respect to narrow tailoring").
4 BETHUNE-HILL v. VIRGINIA STATE BD. OF ELECTIONS

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

case, in any context, in which the Court has assumed
away part of the State's burden to justify its intentional
use of race. This should not be the first. I would hold that
complying with of the Voting Rights Act is not a com-
pelling interest.
"[C]ompliance with federal antidiscrimination laws
cannot justify race-based districting where the challenged
district was not reasonably necessary under a constitu­
tional reading and application of those laws." Id., at 921. More than a decade ago, I joined Jus-
tice Scalia's opinion in LULAC, which noted that this
Court had "upheld the constitutionality of as a proper
exercise of Congress's authority under of the Fifteenth
Amendment to enforce that Amendment's prohibition on
the denial or abridgment of the right to vote." 548 U. S.,
at 518. I therefore agreed that, "[i]n the proper case,... a
covered jurisdiction may have a compelling interest in
complying with." Id., at 519.
I have since concluded that is "unconstitutional."
Northwest Austin Municipal Util. Dist. No. One v. Holder,
(2009) (THOMAS, J., concurring in
judgment in part and dissenting in part). "[T]he violence,
intimidation, and subterfuge that led Congress to pass 
and this Court to uphold it no longer remains," id., at 229,
so "can no longer be justified as an appropriate mecha-
nism for enforcement of the Fifteenth Amendment," id., at
216. Because, in my view, is unconstitutional, I would
hold that a State does not have a compelling interest in
complying with it.
B
Even if compliance with were a compelling interest,
the State failed to narrowly tailor its use of race to further
that interest.
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

1
This Court has explained that "[a]ny preference based
on racial or ethnic criteria must necessarily receive a most
searching examination." Wygant v. Jackson Bd. of Ed.,
(1986) (plurality opinion) ; accord, Adarand Constructors,
Inc. v. Peña, (1995); Grutter v. Bol­
linger, (2003) (Rehnquist, C. J., dissent-
ing). This exacting scrutiny makes sense because
"[d]iscrimination on the basis of race" is "odious in all
aspects." Rose v. Mitchell, (1979).
Accordingly, a State's use of race must bear " 'the most
exact connection' " to the compelling state interest.
Wygant, supra, at 280 (opinion of Powell, J.). In the con-
text of redistricting, the redistricting map must, "at a
minimum," actually "remedy the anticipated violation" or
"achieve compliance" with the Voting Rights Act. Shaw,
517 U. S., at 916.
I have serious doubts about the Court's standard for
narrow tailoring, as characterized today and in Alabama
Legislative Black Caucus v. Alabama, 575 U. S. ___ (2015).
Relying on Alabama, the majority explains that narrow
tailoring in the redistricting context requires "only that
the legislature have a strong basis in evidence in support
of the (race-based) choice that it has made." Ante, at 14. That standard "does
not demand that a State's actions actually be necessary to
achieve a compelling state interest in order to be constitu-
tionally valid." Alabama, supra, at ___ 
; see also ante, at 14.
Instead, under that standard, a state legislature needs
only "good reasons to believe" that the use of race is re-
quired, even if the use of race is not "actually... neces-
sary." Alabama, supra, at ___.
That approach to narrow tailoring -- deferring to a
6 BETHUNE-HILL v. VIRGINIA STATE BD. OF ELECTIONS

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

State's belief that it has good reasons to use race -- is
"strict" in name only. To the extent the Court applies
Alabama to dilute the well-settled standard established by
our precedents, I demur.
2
Applying the proper narrow-tailoring standard for state
classifications based on race, I conclude that the State did
not narrowly tailor its use of race to comply with. As
the majority recognizes, requires a state redistricting
plan to maintain the black population's ability to elect the
candidate of its choice in the district at issue -- in other
words, the State must "avoid retrogression" in the new
district. Ante, at 14.
The majority observes that the redistricting plan's
architect, Delegate Chris Jones, performed a "functional
analysis" in deciding that District 75 required a 55% black
voting-age population -- as opposed to some other percent-
age -- to avoid retrogression. Ibid. The Court notes that,
in arriving at the 55% threshold, Delegate Jones consid-
ered turnout rates, the results of the primary and general
elections in 2005, and the district's "large population of
disenfranchised black prisoners." Ante, at 15. He also met
with the incumbent delegate for District 75 "probably half
a dozen times" and "discussed the district with incum-
bents from other majority-black districts." Ante, at 14 -- 15. Those efforts add up,
in the majority's view, to a "careful assessment of local
conditions and structures." Ante, at 15.
I do not agree that those efforts satisfy narrow tailoring.
Delegate Jones admitted that he was "not aware" of "any
retrogress[ion] analysis" performed by "h[im] or any per-
sons that worked with him in the development of the
[redistricting] plan." App. 288 -- 289. Instead, he merely
"look[ed] at" the "percentage of black population and the
percentage of black voting age population," "looked at
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 7

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

what happened over the last 10 year period given the
existing population and demographic shifts," and "tried to
restore back" the levels of black voting-age population
from the previous maps. Id., at 290. That approach was
misguided, because "does not require maintaining the
same population percentages in majority-minority dis-
tricts as in the prior plan." Alabama, supra, at ___. And in any event, that back-of-the-envelope
calculation does not qualify as rigorous analysis. I do not
think we would permit so imprecise an approach with
regard to any other instance of racial discrimination.
The other evidence cited by the majority is similarly
weak. The majority points to the " 'half a dozen' " meetings
between Delegate Jones and the incumbent delegate for
District 75, ante, at 14, but it is not apparent from the
record whether District 75's incumbent is the current
black population's candidate of choice. Moreover, the
incumbent delegate may well have wanted her district to
be electorally safer than the Voting Rights Act requires. It
also is not obvious to me that Delegate Jones was seeking
to avoid retrogression in District 75 when he met with
incumbent delegates from other majority-black districts.
Ibid. In my view, those efforts fall far short of establish-
ing that a 55% black voting-age population bears a more
" 'exact connection' " to the State's interest than any alter-
native percentage. Wygant, supra, at 279 (opinion of
Powell, J.). Accordingly, I would hold that the State failed
to narrowly tailor its use of race to avoid retrogression in
District 75.
* * *
In reaching these conclusions, I recognize that this
Court is at least as responsible as the state legislature for
these racially gerrymandered districts. As explained
above, this Court has repeatedly failed to decide whether
compliance with the Voting Rights Act is a compelling
8 BETHUNE-HILL v. VIRGINIA STATE BD. OF ELECTIONS

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

governmental interest. See supra, at 3, and. Indeed,
this Court has refused even to decide whether is consti-
tutional, despite having twice taken cases to decide that
question. Compare Juris. Statement in Northwest Austin,
O. T. 2008, No. 08 -- 322, p. i (presenting the question
"[w]hether... the preclearance requirement can be
applied as a valid exercise of Congress's remedial powers
under the Reconstruction Amendments"), and Shelby
County v. Holder, (2012) (granting certio-
rari on the question "[w]hether Congress' decision in 2006 to
reauthorize Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act under the
pre-existing coverage formula of Section 4(b)... violated
the Tenth Amendment and Article IV of the United States
Constitution"), with Northwest Austin, 557 U. S., at 197
(holding that the district at issue was eligible to seek
bailout under the Voting Rights Act and therefore "not
reach[ing] the constitutionality of "), and Shelby County
v. Holder, 570 U. S. ___, ___ (2013) (hold-
ing only that the coverage formula under was uncon-
stitutional and "issu[ing] no holding on itself "). As a
result, the Court has left the State without clear guidance
about its redistricting obligations under.
This Court has put the State in a similar bind with
respect to narrow tailoring. To comply with, a State
necessarily must make a deliberate and precise effort to
sort its citizens on the basis of their race. But that result
is fundamentally at odds with our "color-blind" Constitu-
tion, which "neither knows nor tolerates classes among
citizens." Plessy v. Ferguson, (1896)
(Harlan, J., dissenting). That contradiction illustrates the
perversity of the Court's jurisprudence in this area as well
as the uncomfortable position in which the State might
find itself.
Despite my sympathy for the State, I cannot ignore the
Constitution's clear prohibition on state-sponsored race
discrimination. "The Constitution abhors classifications
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 9

Opinion of THOMAS, J.

based on race, not only because those classifications can
harm favored races or are based on illegitimate motives,
but also because every time the government places citi-
zens on racial registers..., it demeans us all." Grutter,
539 U. S., at 353 (THOMAS, J., concurring in part and
dissenting in part). This prohibition was "[p]urchased at
the price of immeasurable human suffering," and it "re-
flects our Nation's understanding that such classifications
ultimately have a destructive impact on the individual and
our society." Adarand Constructors, 515 U. S., at 240
(THOMAS, J., concurring in part and concurring in judg-
ment). I respectfully dissent from the Court's judgment as
to District 75.

============================================================

JUSTICE KENNEDY delivered the opinion of the Court.
The jury is a central foundation of our justice system
and our democracy. Whatever its imperfections in a par­
ticular case, the jury is a necessary check on governmental
power. The jury, over the centuries, has been an inspired,
trusted, and effective instrument for resolving factual
disputes and determining ultimate questions of guilt or
innocence in criminal cases. Over the long course its
judgments find acceptance in the community, an ac­
ceptance essential to respect for the rule of law. The jury
is a tangible implementation of the principle that the law
comes from the people.
In the era of our Nation's founding, the right to a jury
trial already had existed and evolved for centuries,
through and alongside the common law. The jury was
considered a fundamental safeguard of individual liberty.
See The Federalist No. 83, p. 451 (B. Warner ed. 1818) (A.
Hamilton). The right to a jury trial in criminal cases was
part of the Constitution as first drawn, and it was restated
in the Sixth Amendment. Art. III, cl. 3; Amdt. 6. By
operation of the Fourteenth Amendment, it is applicable to
2 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

Opinion of the Court

the States. Duncan v. Louisiana, -- 150
(1968).
Like all human institutions, the jury system has its
flaws, yet experience shows that fair and impartial ver­
dicts can be reached if the jury follows the court's instruc­
tions and undertakes deliberations that are honest, can­
did, robust, and based on common sense. A general rule
has evolved to give substantial protection to verdict final­
ity and to assure jurors that, once their verdict has been
entered, it will not later be called into question based on
the comments or conclusions they expressed during delib­
erations. This principle, itself centuries old, is often re­
ferred to as the no-impeachment rule. The instant case
presents the question whether there is an exception to the
no-impeachment rule when, after the jury is discharged, a
juror comes forward with compelling evidence that an-
other juror made clear and explicit statements indicating
that racial animus was a significant motivating factor in
his or her vote to convict.
I
State prosecutors in Colorado brought criminal charges
against petitioner, Miguel Angel Peña-Rodriguez, based on
the following allegations. In 2007, in the bathroom of a
Colorado horse-racing facility, a man sexually assaulted
two teenage sisters. The girls told their father and identi­
fied the man as an employee of the racetrack. The police
located and arrested petitioner. Each girl separately
identified petitioner as the man who had assaulted her.
The State charged petitioner with harassment, unlawful
sexual contact, and attempted sexual assault on a child.
Before the jury was empaneled, members of the venire
were repeatedly asked whether they believed that they
could be fair and impartial in the case. A written ques­
tionnaire asked if there was "anything about you that you
feel would make it difficult for you to be a fair juror." App.
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

Opinion of the Court

14. The court repeated the question to the panel of pro­
spective jurors and encouraged jurors to speak in private
with the court if they had any concerns about their impar­
tiality. Defense counsel likewise asked whether anyone
felt that "this is simply not a good case" for them to be a
fair juror. Id., at 34. None of the empaneled jurors ex­
pressed any reservations based on racial or any other bias.
And none asked to speak with the trial judge.
After a 3-day trial, the jury found petitioner guilty of
unlawful sexual contact and harassment, but it failed to
reach a verdict on the attempted sexual assault charge.
When the jury was discharged, the court gave them this
instruction, as mandated by Colorado law:
"The question may arise whether you may now dis­
cuss this case with the lawyers, defendant, or other
persons. For your guidance the court instructs you
that whether you talk to anyone is entirely your own
decision.... If any person persists in discussing the
case over your objection, or becomes critical of your
service either before or after any discussion has be­
gun, please report it to me." Id., at 85 -- 86.
Following the discharge of the jury, petitioner's counsel
entered the jury room to discuss the trial with the jurors.
As the room was emptying, two jurors remained to speak
with counsel in private. They stated that, during delibera­
tions, another juror had expressed anti-Hispanic bias
toward petitioner and petitioner's alibi witness. Petition­
er's counsel reported this to the court and, with the court's
supervision, obtained sworn affidavits from the two jurors.
The affidavits by the two jurors described a number of
biased statements made by another juror, identified as
Juror H. C. According to the two jurors, H. C. told the
other jurors that he "believed the defendant was guilty
because, in [H. C.'s] experience as an ex-law enforcement
officer, Mexican men had a bravado that caused them to
4 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

Opinion of the Court

believe they could do whatever they wanted with women."
Id., at 110. The jurors reported that H. C. stated his belief
that Mexican men are physically controlling of women
because of their sense of entitlement, and further stated,
" 'I think he did it because he's Mexican and Mexican men
take whatever they want.' " Id., at 109. According to the
jurors, H. C. further explained that, in his experience,
"nine times out of ten Mexican men were guilty of being
aggressive toward women and young girls." Id., at 110.
Finally, the jurors recounted that Juror H. C. said that he
did not find petitioner's alibi witness credible because,
among other things, the witness was " 'an illegal.' " Ibid.
(In fact, the witness testified during trial that he was a
legal resident of the United States.)
After reviewing the affidavits, the trial court acknowl­
edged H. C.'s apparent bias. But the court denied peti­
tioner's motion for a new trial, noting that "[t]he actual
deliberations that occur among the jurors are protected
from inquiry under [Colorado Rule of Evidence] 606(b)."
Id., at 90. Like its federal counterpart, Colorado's Rule
606(b) generally prohibits a juror from testifying as to any
statement made during deliberations in a proceeding
inquiring into the validity of the verdict. See Fed. Rule
Evid. 606(b). The Colorado Rule reads as follows:
"(b) Inquiry into validity of verdict or indictment.
Upon an inquiry into the validity of a verdict or indict­
ment, a juror may not testify as to any matter or
statement occurring during the course of the jury's de­
liberations or to the effect of anything upon his or any
other juror's mind or emotions as influencing him to
assent to or dissent from the verdict or indictment or
concerning his mental processes in connection there­
with. But a juror may testify about (1) whether ex­
traneous prejudicial information was improperly
brought to the jurors' attention, (2) whether any out­
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

Opinion of the Court

side influence was improperly brought to bear upon
any juror, or (3) whether there was a mistake in en­
tering the verdict onto the verdict form. A juror's affi­
davit or evidence of any statement by the juror may
not be received on a matter about which the juror
would be precluded from testifying." Colo. Rule Evid.
606(b) (2016).
The verdict deemed final, petitioner was sentenced to
two years' probation and was required to register as a sex
offender. A divided panel of the Colorado Court of Appeals
affirmed petitioner's conviction, agreeing that H. C.'s
alleged statements did not fall within an exception to Rule
606(b) and so were inadmissible to undermine the validity
of the verdict. ___ P. 3d ___, 2012 WL 5457362.
The Colorado Supreme Court affirmed by a vote of 4 to
3. 350 P. 3d 287 (2015). The prevailing opinion relied on
two decisions of this Court rejecting constitutional chal­
lenges to the federal no-impeachment rule as applied to
evidence of juror misconduct or bias. See Tanner v. United
States, (1987); Warger v. Shauers, 574 U. S.
___ (2014). After reviewing those precedents, the court
could find no "dividing line between different types of juror
bias or misconduct," and thus no basis for permitting
impeachment of the verdicts in petitioner's trial, notwith­
standing H. C.'s apparent racial bias. 350 P. 3d, at 293.
This Court granted certiorari to decide whether there is a
constitutional exception to the no-impeachment rule for
instances of racial bias. 578 U. S. ___ (2016).
Juror H. C.'s bias was based on petitioner's Hispanic
identity, which the Court in prior cases has referred to as
ethnicity, and that may be an instructive term here. See,
e.g., Hernandez v. New York, (1991)
(plurality opinion). Yet we have also used the language of
race when discussing the relevant constitutional principles
in cases involving Hispanic persons. See, e.g., ibid.; Fisher
6 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

Opinion of the Court

v. University of Tex. at Austin, 570 U. S. ___ (2013);
Rosales-Lopez v. United States, -- 190
(1981) (plurality opinion). Petitioner and respondent both
refer to race, or to race and ethnicity, in this more expan­
sive sense in their briefs to the Court. This opinion refers
to the nature of the bias as racial in keeping with the
primary terminology employed by the parties and used in
our precedents.
II

A

At common law jurors were forbidden to impeach their
verdict, either by affidavit or live testimony. This rule
originated in Vaise v. Delaval, 1 T. R. 11, 99 Eng. Rep. 944
(K. B. 1785). There, Lord Mansfield excluded juror testi­
mony that the jury had decided the case through a game of
chance. The Mansfield rule, as it came to be known, pro­
hibited jurors, after the verdict was entered, from testify­
ing either about their subjective mental processes or about
objective events that occurred during deliberations.
American courts adopted the Mansfield rule as a matter
of common law, though not in every detail. Some jurisdic­
tions adopted a different, more flexible version of the no-
impeachment bar known as the "Iowa rule." Under that
rule, jurors were prevented only from testifying about
their own subjective beliefs, thoughts, or motives during
deliberations. See Wright v. Illinois & Miss. Tel. Co., 20
Iowa 195 (1866). Jurors could, however, testify about
objective facts and events occurring during deliberations,
in part because other jurors could corroborate that
testimony.
An alternative approach, later referred to as the federal
approach, stayed closer to the original Mansfield rule. See
Warger, supra, at ___. Under this version of
the rule, the no-impeachment bar permitted an exception
only for testimony about events extraneous to the deliber­
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 7

Opinion of the Court

ative process, such as reliance on outside evidence -- 
newspapers, dictionaries, and the like -- or personal inves­
tigation of the facts.
This Court's early decisions did not establish a clear
preference for a particular version of the no-impeachment
rule. In United States v. Reid, 12 How. 361 (1852), the
Court appeared open to the admission of juror testimony
that the jurors had consulted newspapers during delibera­
tions, but in the end it barred the evidence because the
newspapers "had not the slightest influence" on the ver­
dict. Id., at 366. The Reid Court warned that juror testi­
mony "ought always to be received with great caution."
Ibid. Yet it added an important admonition: "cases might
arise in which it would be impossible to refuse" juror
testimony "without violating the plainest principles of
justice." Ibid.
In a following case the Court required the admission of
juror affidavits stating that the jury consulted information
that was not in evidence, including a prejudicial news-
paper article. Mattox v. United States, 
(1892). The Court suggested, furthermore, that the ad­
mission of juror testimony might be governed by a more
flexible rule, one permitting jury testimony even where it
did not involve consultation of prejudicial extraneous
information. Id., at 148 -- 149; see also Hyde v. United
States, -- 384 (1912) (stating that the
more flexible Iowa rule "should apply," but excluding
evidence that the jury reached the verdict by trading
certain defendants' acquittals for others' convictions).
Later, however, the Court rejected the more lenient
Iowa rule. In McDonald v. Pless, (1915), the
Court affirmed the exclusion of juror testimony about
objective events in the jury room. There, the jury allegedly
had calculated a damages award by averaging the
numerical submissions of each member. Id., at 265 -- 266.
As the Court explained, admitting that evidence would
8 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

Opinion of the Court

have "dangerous consequences": "no verdict would be safe"
and the practice would "open the door to the most perni­
cious arts and tampering with jurors." Id., at 268 (inter­
nal quotation marks omitted). Yet the Court reiterated its
admonition from Reid, again cautioning that the no-
impeachment rule might recognize exceptions "in the
gravest and most important cases" where exclusion of
juror affidavits might well violate "the plainest principles
of justice." 238 U. S., at 269.
The common-law development of the no-impeachment
rule reached a milestone in 1975, when Congress adopted
the Federal Rules of Evidence, including Rule 606(b).
Congress, like the McDonald Court, rejected the Iowa
rule. Instead it endorsed a broad no-impeachment rule,
with only limited exceptions.
The version of the rule that Congress adopted was "no
accident." Warger, 574 U. S., at ___. The
Advisory Committee at first drafted a rule reflecting the
Iowa approach, prohibiting admission of juror testimony
only as it related to jurors' mental processes in reaching a
verdict. The Department of Justice, however, expressed
concern over the preliminary rule. The Advisory Commit­
tee then drafted the more stringent version now in effect,
prohibiting all juror testimony, with exceptions only where
the jury had considered prejudicial extraneous evidence or
was subject to other outside influence. Rules of Evidence
for United States Courts and Magistrates, 56 F. R. D. 183,
265 (1972). The Court adopted this second version and
transmitted it to Congress.
The House favored the Iowa approach, but the Senate
expressed concern that it did not sufficiently address the
public policy interest in the finality of verdicts. S. Rep.
No. 93 -- 1277, pp. 13 -- 14 (1974). Siding with the Senate,
the Conference Committee adopted, Congress enacted, and
the President signed the Court's proposed rule. The sub­
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 9

Opinion of the Court

stance of the Rule has not changed since 1975, except for a
2006 modification permitting evidence of a clerical mis­
take on the verdict form. See 574 U. S., at ___.
The current version of Rule 606(b) states as follows:
"(1) Prohibited Testimony or Other Evidence. During
an inquiry into the validity of a verdict or indictment,
a juror may not testify about any statement made or
incident that occurred during the jury's deliberations;
the effect of anything on that juror's or another juror's
vote; or any juror's mental processes concerning the
verdict or indictment. The court may not receive a ju­
ror's affidavit or evidence of a juror's statement on
these matters.
"(2) Exceptions. A juror may testify about whether:
"(A) extraneous prejudicial information was im­
properly brought to the jury's attention;
"(B) an outside influence was improperly brought to
bear on any juror; or
"(C) a mistake was made in entering the verdict on
the verdict form."
This version of the no-impeachment rule has substantial
merit. It promotes full and vigorous discussion by provid­
ing jurors with considerable assurance that after being
discharged they will not be summoned to recount their
deliberations, and they will not otherwise be harassed or
annoyed by litigants seeking to challenge the verdict. The
rule gives stability and finality to verdicts.
B
Some version of the no-impeachment rule is followed in
every State and the District of Columbia. Variations
make classification imprecise, but, as a general matter, it
appears that 42 jurisdictions follow the Federal Rule,
while 9 follow the Iowa Rule. Within both classifications
there is a diversity of approaches. Nine jurisdictions that
10 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

Opinion of the Court

follow the Federal Rule have codified exceptions other
than those listed in Federal Rule 606(b). See Appendix,
infra. At least 16 jurisdictions, 11 of which follow the
Federal Rule, have recognized an exception to the no-
impeachment bar under the circumstances the Court faces
here: juror testimony that racial bias played a part in
deliberations. Ibid. According to the parties and amici,
only one State other than Colorado has addressed this
issue and declined to recognize an exception for racial
bias. See Commonwealth v. Steele, 599 Pa. 341, 377 -- 379,
961 A. 2d 786, 807 -- 808 (2012).
The federal courts, for their part, are governed by Fed­
eral Rule 606(b), but their interpretations deserve further
comment. Various Courts of Appeals have had occasion to
consider a racial bias exception and have reached different
conclusions. Three have held or suggested there is a
constitutional exception for evidence of racial bias. See
United States v. Villar, 586 F. 3d 76, 87 -- 88 (CA1 2009)
(holding the Constitution demands a racial-bias excep­
tion); United States v. Henley, 238 F. 3d 1111, 1119 -- 1121
(CA9 2001) (finding persuasive arguments in favor of an
exception but not deciding the issue); Shillcutt v. Gagnon,
827 F. 2d 1155, 1158 -- 1160 (CA7 1987) (observing that in
some cases fundamental fairness could require an excep­
tion). One Court of Appeals has declined to find an excep­
tion, reasoning that other safeguards inherent in the trial
process suffice to protect defendants' constitutional inter­
ests. See United States v. Benally, 546 F. 3d 1230, 1240 -- 
1241 (CA10 2008). Another has suggested as much, hold­
ing in the habeas context that an exception for racial bias
was not clearly established but indicating in dicta that no
such exception exists. See Williams v. Price, 343 F. 3d
223, 237 -- 239 (CA3 2003) (Alito, J.). And one Court of
Appeals has held that evidence of racial bias is excluded
by Rule 606(b), without addressing whether the Constitu­
tion may at times demand an exception. See Martinez v.
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 11

Opinion of the Court

Food City, Inc., 658 F. 2d 369, 373 -- 374 (CA5 1981).
C
In addressing the scope of the common-law no-
impeachment rule before Rule 606(b)'s adoption, the Reid
and McDonald Courts noted the possibility of an exception
to the rule in the "gravest and most important cases."
Reid, 12 How., at 366; McDonald, 238 U. S., at 269. Yet
since the enactment of Rule 606(b), the Court has ad­
dressed the precise question whether the Constitution
mandates an exception to it in just two instances.
In its first case, Tanner, the Court rejected
a Sixth Amendment exception for evidence that some
jurors were under the influence of drugs and alcohol dur­
ing the trial. Id., at 125. Central to the Court's reasoning
were the "long-recognized and very substantial concerns"
supporting "the protection of jury deliberations from in­
trusive inquiry." Id., at 127. The Tanner Court echoed
McDonald's concern that, if attorneys could use juror
testimony to attack verdicts, jurors would be "harassed
and beset by the defeated party," thus destroying "all
frankness and freedom of discussion and conference." 483
U. S., at 120. The
Court was concerned, moreover, that attempts to impeach
a verdict would "disrupt the finality of the process" and
undermine both "jurors' willingness to return an unpopu­
lar verdict" and "the community's trust in a system that
relies on the decisions of laypeople." 483 U. S., at 120 -- 
121.
The Tanner Court outlined existing, significant safe­
guards for the defendant's right to an impartial and com­
petent jury beyond post-trial juror testimony. At the
outset of the trial process, voir dire provides an opportun-
ity for the court and counsel to examine members of the
venire for impartiality. As a trial proceeds, the court,
counsel, and court personnel have some opportunity to
12 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

Opinion of the Court

learn of any juror misconduct. And, before the verdict,
jurors themselves can report misconduct to the court.
These procedures do not undermine the stability of a
verdict once rendered. Even after the trial, evidence of
misconduct other than juror testimony can be used to
attempt to impeach the verdict. Id., at 127. Balancing
these interests and safeguards against the defendant's
Sixth Amendment interest in that case, the Court affirmed
the exclusion of affidavits pertaining to the jury's inebri­
ated state. Ibid.
The second case to consider the general issue presented
here was Warger, 574 U. S. ___. The Court again rejected
the argument that, in the circumstances there, the jury
trial right required an exception to the no-impeachment
rule. Warger involved a civil case where, after the verdict
was entered, the losing party sought to proffer evidence
that the jury forewoman had failed to disclose prodefend­
ant bias during voir dire. As in Tanner, the Court put
substantial reliance on existing safeguards for a fair trial.
The Court stated: "Even if jurors lie in voir dire in a way
that conceals bias, juror impartiality is adequately as­
sured by the parties' ability to bring to the court's atten­
tion any evidence of bias before the verdict is rendered,
and to employ nonjuror evidence even after the verdict is
rendered." 574 U. S., at ___.
In Warger, however, the Court did reiterate that the no-
impeachment rule may admit exceptions. As in Reid and
McDonald, the Court warned of "juror bias so extreme
that, almost by definition, the jury trial right has been
abridged." 574 U. S., at ___ -- ___, ( -- 11,
). "If and when such a case arises," the Court indicated
it would "consider whether the usual safeguards are or
are not sufficient to protect the integrity of the process."
Ibid.
The recognition in Warger that there may be extreme
cases where the jury trial right requires an exception to
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 13

Opinion of the Court

the no-impeachment rule must be interpreted in context
as a guarded, cautious statement. This caution is war­
ranted to avoid formulating an exception that might un­
dermine the jury dynamics and finality interests the no-
impeachment rule seeks to protect. Today, however, the
Court faces the question that Reid, McDonald, and Warger
left open. The Court must decide whether the Constitu­
tion requires an exception to the no-impeachment rule
when a juror's statements indicate that racial animus was
a significant motivating factor in his or her finding of
guilt.
III
It must become the heritage of our Nation to rise above
racial classifications that are so inconsistent with our
commitment to the equal dignity of all persons. This
imperative to purge racial prejudice from the administra­
tion of justice was given new force and direction by the
ratification of the Civil War Amendments.
"[T]he central purpose of the Fourteenth Amendment
was to eliminate racial discrimination emanating from
official sources in the States." McLaughlin v. Florida, (1964). In the years before and after the
ratification of the Fourteenth Amendment, it became clear
that racial discrimination in the jury system posed a
particular threat both to the promise of the Amendment
and to the integrity of the jury trial. "Almost immediately
after the Civil War, the South began a practice that would
continue for many decades: All-white juries punished
black defendants particularly harshly, while simultane­
ously refusing to punish violence by whites, including Ku
Klux Klan members, against blacks and Republicans."
Forman, Juries and Race in the Nineteenth Century, 113
Yale L. J. 895, 909 -- 910 (2004). To take one example, just
in the years 1865 and 1866, all-white juries in Texas
decided a total of 500 prosecutions of white defendants
14 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

Opinion of the Court

charged with killing African-Americans. All 500 were
acquitted. Id., at 916. The stark and unapologetic nature
of race-motivated outcomes challenged the American belief
that "the jury was a bulwark of liberty," id., at 909, and
prompted Congress to pass legislation to integrate the jury
system and to bar persons from eligibility for jury service
if they had conspired to deny the civil rights of African-
Americans, id., at 920 -- 930. Members of Congress stressed
that the legislation was necessary to preserve the right to
a fair trial and to guarantee the equal protection of the
laws. Ibid.
The duty to confront racial animus in the justice system
is not the legislature's alone. Time and again, this Court
has been called upon to enforce the Constitution's guaran­
tee against state-sponsored racial discrimination in the
jury system. Beginning in 1880, the Court interpreted the
Fourteenth Amendment to prohibit the exclusion of jurors
on the basis of race. Strauder v. West Virginia, -- 309 (1880). The Court has repeatedly struck
down laws and practices that systematically exclude racial
minorities from juries. See, e.g., Neal v. Delaware, (1881); Hollins v. Oklahoma, 
(1935) (per curiam); Avery v. Georgia, (1953);
Hernandez v. Texas, (1954); Castaneda v.
Partida, (1977). To guard against discrimi­
nation in jury selection, the Court has ruled that no liti­
gant may exclude a prospective juror on the basis of race.
Batson v. Kentucky, (1986); Edmonson v.
Leesville Concrete Co., (1991); Georgia v.
McCollum, (1992). In an effort to ensure that
individuals who sit on juries are free of racial bias, the
Court has held that the Constitution at times demands
that defendants be permitted to ask questions about racial
bias during voir dire. Ham v. South Carolina, (1973); Rosales-Lopez, ; Turner v. Mur-
ray, (1986).
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 15

Opinion of the Court

The unmistakable principle underlying these precedents
is that discrimination on the basis of race, "odious in all
aspects, is especially pernicious in the administration of
justice." Rose v. Mitchell, (1979). The
jury is to be "a criminal defendant's fundamental 'protec­
tion of life and liberty against race or color prejudice.' "
McCleskey v. Kemp, (1987). Permitting racial prejudice in
the jury system damages "both the fact and the percep­
tion" of the jury's role as "a vital check against the wrong­
ful exercise of power by the State." Powers v. Ohio, (1991); cf. Aldridge v. United States, (1931); Buck v. Davis, ante, at 22.
IV 

A

This case lies at the intersection of the Court's decisions
endorsing the no-impeachment rule and its decisions
seeking to eliminate racial bias in the jury system. The
two lines of precedent, however, need not conflict.
Racial bias of the kind alleged in this case differs in
critical ways from the compromise verdict in McDonald,
the drug and alcohol abuse in Tanner, or the pro-
defendant bias in Warger. The behavior in those cases is
troubling and unacceptable, but each involved anomalous
behavior from a single jury -- or juror -- gone off course.
Jurors are presumed to follow their oath, cf. Penry v.
Johnson, (2001), and neither history
nor common experience show that the jury system is rife
with mischief of these or similar kinds. To attempt to rid
the jury of every irregularity of this sort would be to ex­
pose it to unrelenting scrutiny. "It is not at all clear...
that the jury system could survive such efforts to perfect
it." Tanner, 483 U. S., at 120.
The same cannot be said about racial bias, a familiar
and recurring evil that, if left unaddressed, would risk
16 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

Opinion of the Court

systemic injury to the administration of justice. This
Court's decisions demonstrate that racial bias implicates
unique historical, constitutional, and institutional con­
cerns. An effort to address the most grave and serious
statements of racial bias is not an effort to perfect the
jury but to ensure that our legal system remains capable
of coming ever closer to the promise of equal treat­
ment under the law that is so central to a functioning
democracy.
Racial bias is distinct in a pragmatic sense as well. In
past cases this Court has relied on other safeguards to
protect the right to an impartial jury. Some of those safe­
guards, to be sure, can disclose racial bias. Voir dire at
the outset of trial, observation of juror demeanor and
conduct during trial, juror reports before the verdict, and
nonjuror evidence after trial are important mechanisms
for discovering bias. Yet their operation may be compro­
mised, or they may prove insufficient. For instance, this
Court has noted the dilemma faced by trial court judges
and counsel in deciding whether to explore potential racial
bias at voir dire. See Rosales-Lopez, supra; Ristaino v.
Ross, (1976). Generic questions about juror
impartiality may not expose specific attitudes or biases
that can poison jury deliberations. Yet more pointed
questions "could well exacerbate whatever prejudice might
exist without substantially aiding in exposing it." Rosales-
Lopez, supra, at 195 (Rehnquist, J., concurring in result).
The stigma that attends racial bias may make it diffi­
cult for a juror to report inappropriate statements during
the course of juror deliberations. It is one thing to accuse
a fellow juror of having a personal experience that im­
properly influences her consideration of the case, as would
have been required in Warger. It is quite another to call
her a bigot.
The recognition that certain of the Tanner safeguards
may be less effective in rooting out racial bias than other
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 17

Opinion of the Court

kinds of bias is not dispositive. All forms of improper bias
pose challenges to the trial process. But there is a sound
basis to treat racial bias with added precaution. A consti­
tutional rule that racial bias in the justice system must be
addressed -- including, in some instances, after the verdict
has been entered -- is necessary to prevent a systemic loss
of confidence in jury verdicts, a confidence that is a central
premise of the Sixth Amendment trial right.
B
For the reasons explained above, the Court now holds
that where a juror makes a clear statement that indicates
he or she relied on racial stereotypes or animus to convict
a criminal defendant, the Sixth Amendment requires that
the no-impeachment rule give way in order to permit the
trial court to consider the evidence of the juror's statement
and any resulting denial of the jury trial guarantee.
Not every offhand comment indicating racial bias or
hostility will justify setting aside the no-impeachment bar
to allow further judicial inquiry. For the inquiry to pro­
ceed, there must be a showing that one or more jurors
made statements exhibiting overt racial bias that cast
serious doubt on the fairness and impartiality of the jury's
deliberations and resulting verdict. To qualify, the state­
ment must tend to show that racial animus was a signifi­
cant motivating factor in the juror's vote to convict.
Whether that threshold showing has been satisfied is a
matter committed to the substantial discretion of the trial
court in light of all the circumstances, including the con­
tent and timing of the alleged statements and the reliabil­
ity of the proffered evidence.
The practical mechanics of acquiring and presenting
such evidence will no doubt be shaped and guided by state
rules of professional ethics and local court rules, both of
which often limit counsel's post-trial contact with jurors.
See 27 C. Wright & V. Gold, Federal Practice and Proce­
18 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

Opinion of the Court

dure: Evidence, pp. 580 -- 583 (2d ed. 2007) (Wright);
see also Variations of ABA Model Rules of Professional
Conduct, Rule 3.5 (Sept. 15, 2016) (overview of state ethics
rules); 2 Jurywork Systematic Techniques :18 (2016 -- 
2017) (overview of Federal District Court rules). These
limits seek to provide jurors some protection when they
return to their daily affairs after the verdict has been
entered. But while a juror can always tell counsel they do
not wish to discuss the case, jurors in some instances may
come forward of their own accord.
That is what happened here. In this case the alleged
statements by a juror were egregious and unmistakable in
their reliance on racial bias. Not only did juror H. C.
deploy a dangerous racial stereotype to conclude petitioner
was guilty and his alibi witness should not be believed,
but he also encouraged other jurors to join him in convict­
ing on that basis.
Petitioner's counsel did not seek out the two jurors'
allegations of racial bias. Pursuant to Colorado's manda­
tory jury instruction, the trial court had set limits on juror
contact and encouraged jurors to inform the court if any­
one harassed them about their role in the case. Similar
limits on juror contact can be found in other jurisdictions
that recognize a racial-bias exception. See, e.g., Fla.
Standard Jury Instrs. in Crim. Cases No. 4.2 (West 2016)
("Although you are at liberty to speak with anyone about
your deliberations, you are also at liberty to refuse to
speak to anyone"); Mass. Office of Jury Comm'r, Trial
Juror's Handbook (Dec. 2015) ("You are not required to
speak with anyone once the trial is over.... If anyone
tries to learn this confidential information from you, or if
you feel harassed or embarrassed in any way, you should
report it to the court... immediately"); N. J. Crim. Model
Jury Charges, Non 2C Charges, Dismissal of Jury (2014)
("It will be up to each of you to decide whether to speak
about your service as a juror").
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 19

Opinion of the Court

With the understanding that they were under no obliga­
tion to speak out, the jurors approached petitioner's coun­
sel, within a short time after the verdict, to relay their
concerns about H. C.'s statements. App. 77. A similar
pattern is common in cases involving juror allegations of
racial bias. See, e.g., Villar, 586 F. 3d, at 78 ( juror e­
mailed defense counsel within hours of the verdict); Kittle
v. United States, 65 A. 3d 1144, 1147 (D. C. 2013) ( juror
wrote a letter to the judge the same day the court dis­
charged the jury); Benally, 546 F. 3d, at 1231 ( juror ap­
proached defense counsel the day after the jury announced
its verdict). Pursuant to local court rules, petitioner's
counsel then sought and received permission from the
court to contact the two jurors and obtain affidavits lim­
ited to recounting the exact statements made by H. C. that
exhibited racial bias.
While the trial court concluded that Colorado's Rule
606(b) did not permit it even to consider the resulting
affidavits, the Court's holding today removes that bar.
When jurors disclose an instance of racial bias as serious
as the one involved in this case, the law must not wholly
disregard its occurrence.
C
As the preceding discussion makes clear, the Court
relies on the experiences of the 17 jurisdictions that have
recognized a racial-bias exception to the no-impeachment
rule -- some for over half a century -- with no signs of an
increase in juror harassment or a loss of juror willingness
to engage in searching and candid deliberations.
The experience of these jurisdictions, and the experience
of the courts going forward, will inform the proper exercise
of trial judge discretion in these and related matters. This
case does not ask, and the Court need not address, what
procedures a trial court must follow when confronted with
a motion for a new trial based on juror testimony of racial
20 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

Opinion of the Court

bias. See 27 Wright 575 -- 578 (noting a divergence of
authority over the necessity and scope of an evidentiary
hearing on alleged juror misconduct). The Court also does
not decide the appropriate standard for determining when
evidence of racial bias is sufficient to require that the
verdict be set aside and a new trial be granted. Compare,
e.g., Shillcutt, 827 F. 2d, at 1159 (inquiring whether racial
bias "pervaded the jury room"), with, e.g., Henley, 238
F. 3d, at 1120 ("One racist juror would be enough").
D
It is proper to observe as well that there are standard
and existing processes designed to prevent racial bias in
jury deliberations. The advantages of careful voir dire
have already been noted. And other safeguards deserve
mention.
Trial courts, often at the outset of the case and again in
their final jury instructions, explain the jurors' duty to
review the evidence and reach a verdict in a fair and
impartial way, free from bias of any kind. Some instruc­
tions are framed by trial judges based on their own learn­
ing and experience. Model jury instructions likely take
into account these continuing developments and are com­
mon across jurisdictions. See, e.g., 1A K. O'Malley, J.
Grenig, & W. Lee, Federal Jury Practice and Instructions,
Criminal :01, p. 22 (6th ed. 2008) ("Perform these
duties fairly. Do not let any bias, sympathy or prejudice
that you may feel toward one side or the other influence
your decision in any way"). Instructions may emphasize
the group dynamic of deliberations by urging jurors to
share their questions and conclusions with their col­
leagues. See, e.g., id., :01, at 841 ("It is your duty as
jurors to consult with one another and to deliberate with
one another with a view towards reaching an agreement if
you can do so without violence to individual judgment").
Probing and thoughtful deliberation improves the likeli­
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 21

Opinion of the Court

hood that other jurors can confront the flawed nature of
reasoning that is prompted or influenced by improper
biases, whether racial or otherwise. These dynamics can
help ensure that the exception is limited to rare cases.
* * *
The Nation must continue to make strides to overcome
race-based discrimination. The progress that has already
been made underlies the Court's insistence that blatant
racial prejudice is antithetical to the functioning of the
jury system and must be confronted in egregious cases like
this one despite the general bar of the no-impeachment
rule. It is the mark of a maturing legal system that it
seeks to understand and to implement the lessons of
history. The Court now seeks to strengthen the broader
principle that society can and must move forward by
achieving the thoughtful, rational dialogue at the founda­
tion of both the jury system and the free society that
sustains our Constitution.
The judgment of the Supreme Court of Colorado is
reversed, and the case is remanded for further proceedings
not inconsistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
22 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

Opinion
Appendix of the of
to opinion Court
the Court

APPENDIX

Codified Exceptions in Addition to Those Enumerated in
Fed. Rule Evid. 606(b)
See Ariz. Rules Crim. Proc. 24.1(c)(3), (d) (2011) (excep­
tion for evidence of misconduct, including verdict by game
of chance or intoxication); Idaho Rule Evid. 606(b) (2016)
(game of chance); Ind. Rule Evid. 606(b)(2)(A) (Burns
2014) (drug or alcohol use); Minn. Rule Evid. 606(b) (2014)
(threats of violence or violent acts); Mont. Rule Evid.
606(b) (2015) (game of chance); N. D. Rule Evid.
606(b)(2)(C) (2016 -- 2017) (same); Tenn. Rule Evid. 606(b)
(2016) (quotient verdict or game of chance); Tex. Rule
Evid. 606(b)(2)(B) (West 2016) (rebutting claim juror was
unqualified); Vt. Rule Evid. 606(b) (Cum. Supp. 2016)
(juror communication with nonjuror); see also 27 C.
Wright & V. Gold, Federal Practice and Procedure: Evi­
dence, p. 447, and (2d ed. 2007); id., at 451,
and ; id., at 452, and.

Judicially Recognized Exceptions for Evidence of Racial
Bias

See State v. Santiago, 245 Conn. 301, 323 -- 340, 715 A.
2d 1, 14 -- 22 (1998); Kittle v. United States, 65 A. 3d 1144,
1154 -- 1556 (D. C. 2013); Fisher v. State, 690 A. 2d 917,
919 -- 921, and (Del. 1996) (Appendix to opinion), Pow-
ell v. Allstate Ins. Co., 652 So. 2d 354, 357 -- 358 (Fla. 1995);
Spencer v. State, 260 Ga. 640, 643 -- 644, 398 S. E. 2d 179,
184 -- 185 (1990); State v. Jackson, 81 Haw. 39, 48 -- 49, 912
P. 2d 71, 80 -- 81 (1996); Commonwealth v. Laguer, 410
Mass. 89, 97 -- 98, 571 N. E. 2d 371, 376 (1991); State v.
Callender, 297 N. W. 2d 744, 746 (Minn. 1980); Fleshner v.
Pepose Vision Inst., P. C., 304 S. W. 3d 81, 87 -- 90 (Mo.
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 23

Opinion
Appendix of the of
to opinion Court
the Court

2010); State v. Levitt, 36 N. J. 266, 271 -- 273, 176 A. 2d 465,
467 -- 468 (1961); People v. Rukaj, 123 App. Div. 2d 277,
280 -- 281, 506 N. Y. S. 2d 677, 679 -- 680 (1986); State v.
Hidanovic, 2008 ND 66, ¶¶21 -- 26, 747 N. W. 2d 463, 472 -- 
474; State v. Brown, 62 A. 3d 1099, 1110 (R. I. 2013); State
v. Hunter, 320 S. C. 85, 88, 463 S. E. 2d 314, 316 (1995);
Seattle v. Jackson, 70 Wash. 2d 733, 738, 425 P. 2d 385,
389 (1967); After Hour Welding, Inc. v. Laneil Manage-
ment Co., 108 Wis. 2d 734, 739 -- 740, 324 N. W. 2d 686, 690
(1982).
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

THOMAS, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 15 -- 606
_________________

MIGUEL ANGEL PENA-RODRIGUEZ, PETITIONER v.
COLORADO
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME COURT OF 

COLORADO

[March 6, 2017] 

JUSTICE THOMAS, dissenting.
The Court today holds that the Sixth Amendment re-
quires the States to provide a criminal defendant the
opportunity to impeach a jury's guilty verdict with juror
testimony about a juror's alleged racial bias, notwith-
standing a state procedural rule forbidding such testi-
mony. I agree with JUSTICE ALITO that the Court's decision
is incompatible with the text of the Amendment it pur-
ports to interpret and with our precedents. I write sepa-
rately to explain that the Court's holding also cannot be
squared with the original understanding of the Sixth or
Fourteenth Amendments.
I
The Sixth Amendment's protection of the right, "[i]n all
criminal prosecutions," to a "trial, by an impartial jury," is
limited to the protections that existed at common law
when the Amendment was ratified. See, e.g., Apprendi v.
New Jersey, and (2000) (THOMAS,
J., concurring); 3 J. Story, Commentaries on the Constitu-
tion of the United States, pp. 652 -- 653 (1833) (Story)
(explaining that "the trial by jury in criminal cases" pro-
tected by the Constitution is the same "great privilege"
that was "a part of that admirable common law" of Eng-
land); cf. 5 St. G. Tucker, Blackstone's Commentaries 349,
2 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

THOMAS, J., dissenting

(1803). It is therefore "entirely proper to look to the
common law" to ascertain whether the Sixth Amendment
requires the result the Court today reaches. Apprendi,
supra, at 500,.
The Sixth Amendment's specific guarantee of impartial-
ity incorporates the common-law understanding of that
term. See, e.g., 3 W. Blackstone, Commentaries on the
Laws of England 365 (1769) (Blackstone) (describing
English trials as "impartially just" because of their "cau-
tion against all partiality and bias" in the jury). The
common law required a juror to have "freedome of mind"
and to be "indifferent as hee stands unsworne." 1 E. Coke,
First Part of the Institutes of the Laws of England, p.
155a (16th ed. 1809); accord, 3 M. Bacon, A New Abridg-
ment of the Law 258 (3d ed. 1768); cf. T. Cooley, A Trea-
tise on the Constitutional Limitations Which Rest Upon
the Legislative Power of the States of the American Union
319 (1868) ("The jury must be indifferent between the
prisoner and the commonwealth"). Impartial jurors could
"have no interest of their own affected, and no personal
bias, or pre-possession, in favor [of] or against either
party." Pettis v. Warren, 1 Kirby 426, 427 (Conn. Super.
1788).
II
The common-law right to a jury trial did not, however,
guarantee a defendant the right to impeach a jury verdict
with juror testimony about juror misconduct, including "a
principal species of [juror] misbehaviour" -- "notorious
partiality." 3 Blackstone 388. Although partiality was a
ground for setting aside a jury verdict, ibid., the English
common-law rule at the time the Sixth Amendment was
ratified did not allow jurors to supply evidence of that
misconduct. In 1770, Lord Mansfield refused to receive a
juror's affidavit to impeach a verdict, declaring that such
an affidavit "can't be read." Rex v. Almon, 5 Burr. 2687,
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

THOMAS, J., dissenting

98 Eng. Rep. 411 (K. B.). And in 1785, Lord Mansfield
solidified the doctrine, holding that "[t]he Court [could not]
receive such an affidavit from any of the jurymen" to prove
that the jury had cast lots to reach a verdict. Vaise v.
Delaval, 1 T. R. 11, 99 Eng. Rep. 944 (K. B.).1
At the time of the founding, the States took mixed ap-
proaches to this issue. See Cluggage v. Swan, 4 Binn. 150,
156 (Pa. 1811) (opinion of Yeates, J.) ("The opinions of
American judges... have greatly differed on the point in
question"); Bishop v. Georgia, 9 Ga. 121, 126 (1850) (de-
scribing the common law in 1776 on this question as "in a
transition state"). Many States followed Lord Mansfield's
no-impeachment rule and refused to receive juror affida-
vits. See, e.g., Brewster v. Thompson, 1 N. J. L. 32 (1790)
(per curiam); Robbins v. Windover, 2 Tyl. 11, 14 (Vt. 1802);
Taylor v. Giger, 3 Ky. 586, 597 -- 598 (1808); Price v.
McIlvain, 2 Tread. 503, 504 (S. C. 1815); Tyler v. Stevens,
4 N. H. 116, 117 (1827); 1 Z. Swift, A Digest of the Laws of
the State of Connecticut 775 (1822) ("In England, and in
the courts of the United States, jurors are not permitted to
be witnesses respecting the misconduct of the jury... and
this is, most unquestionably, the correct principle"). Some
States, however, permitted juror affidavits about juror
misconduct. See, e.g., Crawford v. State, 10 Tenn. 60, 68
(1821); Cochran v. Street, 1 Va. 79, 81 (1792). And others
initially permitted such evidence but quickly reversed
course. Compare, e.g., Smith v. Cheetham, 3 Cai. R. 57,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Prior to 1770, it appears that juror affidavits were sometimes re-

ceived to impeach a verdict on the ground of juror misbehavior, al-
though only "with great caution." McDonald v. Pless, 
(1915); see, e.g., Dent v. The Hundred of Hertford, 2 Salk. 645, 91 Eng.
Rep. 546 (K. B. 1696); Philips v. Fowler, Barnes. 441, 94 Eng. Rep. 994
(K. B. 1735). But "previous to our Revolution, and at least as early as
1770, the doctrine in England was distinctly ruled the other way, and
has so stood ever since." 3 T. Waterman, A Treatise on the Principles of
Law and Equity Which Govern Courts in the Granting of New Trials in
Cases Civil and Criminal 1429 (1855).
4 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

THOMAS, J., dissenting

59 -- 60 (N. Y. 1805) (opinion of Livingston, J.) (permitting
juror testimony), with Dana v. Tucker, 4 Johns. 487, 488 -- 
489 (N. Y. 1809) (per curiam) (overturning Cheetham);
compare also Bradley's Lessee v. Bradley, 4 Dall. 112 (Pa.
1792) (permitting juror affidavits), with, e.g., Cluggage,
supra, at 156 -- 158 (opinion of Yeates, J.) (explaining that
Bradley was incorrectly reported and rejecting affidavits);
compare also Talmadge v. Northrop, 1 Root 522 (Conn.
1793) (admitting juror testimony), with State v. Freeman,
5 Conn. 348, 350 -- 352 (1824) ("The opinion of almost
the whole legal world is adverse to the reception of the
testimony in question; and, in my opinion, on invincible
foundations").
By the time the Fourteenth Amendment was ratified,
Lord Mansfield's no-impeachment rule had become firmly
entrenched in American law. See Lettow, New Trial for
Verdict Against Law: Judge-Jury Relations in Early-
Nineteenth Century America, 71 Notre Dame L. Rev. 505,
536 (1996) ("[O]pponents of juror affidavits had largely
won out by the middle of the century"); 8 J. Wigmore,
Evidence in Trials at Common Law, p. 697 (J.
McNaughton rev. 1961) (Wigmore) (Lord Mansfield's rule
"came to receive in the United States an adherence almost
unquestioned"); J. Proffatt, A Treatise on Trial by Jury, p. 467 (1877) ("It is a well established rule of law
that no affidavit shall be received from a juror to impeach
his verdict"). The vast majority of States adopted the no-
impeachment rule as a matter of common law. See, e.g.,
Bull v. Commonwealth, 55 Va. 613, 627 -- 628 (1857) ("[T]he
practice appears to be now generally settled, to reject the
testimony of jurors when offered to impeach their verdict.
The cases on the subject are too numerous to be cited");
Tucker v. Town Council of South Kingstown, 5 R. I. 558,
560 (1859) (collecting cases); State v. Coupenhaver, 39 Mo.
430 (1867) ("The law is well settled that a traverse juror
cannot be a witness to prove misbehavior in the jury in
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

THOMAS, J., dissenting

regard to their verdict"); Peck v. Brewer, 48 Ill. 54, 63
(1868) ("So far back as... 1823, the doctrine was held that
the affidavits of jurors cannot be heard to impeach their
verdict"); Heffron v. Gallupe, 55 Me. 563, 566 (1868) (rul-
ing inadmissible "depositions of... jurors as to what
transpired in the jury room"); Withers v. Fiscus, 40 Ind.
131, 131 -- 132 (1872) ("In the United States it seems to be
settled, notwithstanding a few adjudications to the con-
trary..., that such affidavits cannot be received").2
The Court today acknowledges that the States "adopted
the Mansfield rule as a matter of common law," ante, at 6,
but ascribes no significance to that fact. I would hold that
it is dispositive. Our common-law history does not estab-
lish that -- in either 1791 (when the Sixth Amendment was
ratified) or 1868 (when the Fourteenth Amendment was
ratified) -- a defendant had the right to impeach a verdict
with juror testimony of juror misconduct. In fact, it
strongly suggests that such evidence was prohibited. In
the absence of a definitive common-law tradition permit-
ting impeachment by juror testimony, we have no basis to
invoke a constitutional provision that merely "follow[s] out
the established course of the common law in all trials for
crimes," 3 Story, at 662, to overturn Colorado's
decision to preserve the no-impeachment rule, cf.
Boumediene v. Bush, -- 833 (2008) (Scalia,
J., dissenting).
* * *
Perhaps good reasons exist to curtail or abandon the no-
impeachment rule. Some States have done so, see Appen-
dix to majority opinion, ante, and others have not. Ulti-
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Although two States declined to follow the rule in the mid-19th cen-

tury, see Wright v. Illinois & Miss. Tel. Co., 20 Iowa 195, 210 (1866);
Perry v. Bailey, 12 Kan. 539, 544 -- 545 (1874), "most of the state courts"
had already "committed themselves upon the subject," 8 Wigmore, at 702.
6 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

THOMAS, J., dissenting

mately, that question is not for us to decide. It should be
left to the political process described by JUSTICE ALITO.
See post, at 5 -- 7 (dissenting opinion). In its attempt to
stimulate a "thoughtful, rational dialogue" on race rela-
tions, ante, at 21, the Court today ends the political pro-
cess and imposes a uniform, national rule. The Constitu-
tion does not require such a rule. Neither should we.
I respectfully dissent.
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 1

ALITO, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 15 -- 606
_________________

MIGUEL ANGEL PENA-RODRIGUEZ, PETITIONER v.
COLORADO
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME COURT OF 

COLORADO

[March 6, 2017] 

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom THE CHIEF JUSTICE and
JUSTICE THOMAS join, dissenting.
Our legal system has many rules that restrict the ad­
mission of evidence of statements made under circum­
stances in which confidentiality is thought to be essential.
Statements made to an attorney in obtaining legal advice,
statements to a treating physician, and statements made
to a spouse or member of the clergy are familiar examples.
See Trammel v. United States, (1980).
Even if a criminal defendant whose constitutional rights
are at stake has a critical need to obtain and introduce
evidence of such statements, long-established rules stand
in the way. The goal of avoiding interference with confi­
dential communications of great value has long been
thought to justify the loss of important evidence and the
effect on our justice system that this loss entails.
The present case concerns a rule like those just men­
tioned, namely, the age-old rule against attempting to
overturn or "impeach" a jury's verdict by offering state­
ments made by jurors during the course of deliberations.
For centuries, it has been the judgment of experienced
judges, trial attorneys, scholars, and lawmakers that
allowing jurors to testify after a trial about what took
place in the jury room would undermine the system of
trial by jury that is integral to our legal system.
2 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

ALITO, J., dissenting

Juries occupy a unique place in our justice system. The
other participants in a trial -- the presiding judge, the
attorneys, the witnesses -- function in an arena governed
by strict rules of law. Their every word is recorded and
may be closely scrutinized for missteps.
When jurors retire to deliberate, however, they enter a
space that is not regulated in the same way. Jurors are
ordinary people. They are expected to speak, debate,
argue, and make decisions the way ordinary people do in
their daily lives. Our Constitution places great value on
this way of thinking, speaking, and deciding. The jury
trial right protects parties in court cases from being
judged by a special class of trained professionals who do
not speak the language of ordinary people and may not
understand or appreciate the way ordinary people live
their lives. To protect that right, the door to the jury room
has been locked, and the confidentiality of jury delibera­
tions has been closely guarded.
Today, with the admirable intention of providing justice
for one criminal defendant, the Court not only pries open
the door; it rules that respecting the privacy of the jury
room, as our legal system has done for centuries, violates
the Constitution. This is a startling development, and
although the Court tries to limit the degree of intrusion, it
is doubtful that there are principled grounds for prevent­
ing the expansion of today's holding.
The Court justifies its decision on the ground that the
nature of the confidential communication at issue in this
particular case -- a clear expression of what the Court
terms racial bias1 -- is uniquely harmful to our criminal
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The bias at issue in this case was a "bias against Mexican men."

App. 160. This might be described as bias based on national origin or
ethnicity. Cf. Hernandez v. New York, (1991) (plu­
rality opinion); Hernandez v. Texas, (1954). How-
ever, no party has suggested that these distinctions make a substantive
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 3

ALITO, J., dissenting

justice system. And the Court is surely correct that even a
tincture of racial bias can inflict great damage on that
system, which is dependent on the public's trust. But
until today, the argument that the Court now finds con­
vincing has not been thought to be sufficient to overcome
confidentiality rules like the one at issue here.
Suppose that a prosecution witness gives devastating
but false testimony against a defendant, and suppose that
the witness's motivation is racial bias. Suppose that the
witness admits this to his attorney, his spouse, and a
member of the clergy. Suppose that the defendant,
threatened with conviction for a serious crime and a
lengthy term of imprisonment, seeks to compel the attor­
ney, the spouse, or the member of the clergy to testify
about the witness's admissions. Even though the constitu­
tional rights of the defendant hang in the balance, the
defendant's efforts to obtain the testimony would fail. The
Court provides no good reason why the result in this case
should not be the same.
I
Rules barring the admission of juror testimony to im­
peach a verdict (so-called "no-impeachment rules") have a
long history. Indeed, they pre-date the ratification of the
Constitution. They are typically traced back to Vaise v.
Delaval, 1 T. R. 11, 99 Eng. Rep. 944 (K. B. 1785), in
which Lord Mansfield declined to consider an affidavit
from two jurors who claimed that the jury had reached its
verdict by lot. See Warger v. Shauers, 574 U. S. ___, ___
(2014). Lord Mansfield's approach "soon
took root in the United States," ibid., and "[b]y the begin­
ning of [the 20th] century, if not earlier, the near-
universal and firmly established common-law rule in the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
difference in this case.
4 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

ALITO, J., dissenting

United States flatly prohibited the admission of juror
testimony to impeach a jury verdict," Tanner v. United
States, (1987); see 27 C. Wright & V.
Gold, Federal Practice and Procedure: Evidence, p.
431 (2d ed. 2007) (Wright & Gold) (noting that the Mans­
field approach "came to be accepted in almost all states").
In McDonald v. Pless, (1915), this Court
adopted a strict no-impeachment rule for cases in federal
court. McDonald involved allegations that the jury had
entered a quotient verdict -- that is, that it had calculated
a damages award by taking the average of the jurors'
suggestions. Id., at 265 -- 266. The Court held that evi­
dence of this misconduct could not be used. Id., at 269. It
applied what it said was "unquestionably the general rule,
that the losing party cannot, in order to secure a new trial,
use the testimony of jurors to impeach their verdict." Ibid.
The Court recognized that the defendant had a powerful
interest in demonstrating that the jury had "adopted an
arbitrary and unjust method in arriving at their verdict."
Id., at 267. "But," the Court warned, "let it once be estab­
lished that verdicts... can be attacked and set aside on
the testimony of those who took part in their publication
and all verdicts could be, and many would be, followed by
an inquiry in the hope of discovering something which
might invalidate the finding." Ibid. This would lead to
"harass[ment]" of jurors and "the destruction of all frank­
ness and freedom of discussion and conference." Id., at
267 -- 268. Ultimately, even though the no-impeachment
rule "may often exclude the only possible evidence of
misconduct," relaxing the rule "would open the door to the
most pernicious arts and tampering with jurors." Id., at
268.
The firm no-impeachment approach taken in McDonald
came to be known as "the federal rule." This approach
categorically bars testimony about jury deliberations,
except where it is offered to demonstrate that the jury was
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 5

ALITO, J., dissenting

subjected to an extraneous influence (for example, an
attempt to bribe a juror). Warger, supra, at ___ ; Tanner, supra, at 117;2 see 27 Wright & Gold,
at 432 -- 433.
Some jurisdictions, notably Iowa, adopted a more per­
missive rule. Under the Iowa rule, jurors were generally
permitted to testify about any subject except their "subjec­
tive intentions and thought processes in reaching a ver­
dict." Warger, supra, at ___. Accordingly,
the Iowa rule allowed jurors to "testify as to events or
conditions which might have improperly influenced the
verdict, even if these took place during deliberations within
the jury room." 27 Wright & Gold, at 432.
Debate between proponents of the federal rule and the
Iowa rule emerged during the framing and adoption of
Federal Rule of Evidence 606(b). Both sides had their
supporters. The contending arguments were heard and
considered, and in the end the strict federal approach was
retained.
An early draft of the Advisory Committee on the Federal
Rules of Evidence included a version of the Iowa rule, 51
F. R. D. 315, 387 -- 388 (1971). That draft was forcefully
criticized, however,3 and the Committee ultimately pro­
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 As this Court has explained, the extraneous influence exception

"do[es] not detract from, but rather harmonize[s] with, the weighty
government interest in insulating the jury's deliberative process."
Tanner, 483 U. S., at 120. The extraneous influence exception, like the
no-impeachment rule itself, is directed at protecting jury deliberations
against unwarranted interference. Ibid.
3 In particular, the Justice Department observed that "[s]trong policy

considerations continue to support" the federal approach and that
"[r]ecent experience has shown that the danger of harassment of jurors
by unsuccessful litigants warrants a rule which imposes strict limita­
tions on the instances in which jurors may be questioned about their
verdict." Letter from R. Kliendienst, Deputy Attorney General, to
Judge A. Maris (Aug. 9, 1971), 117 Cong. Rec. 33648, 33655 (1971).
6 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

ALITO, J., dissenting

duced a revised draft that retained the well-established
federal approach. Tanner, supra, at 122; see Committee
on Rules of Practice and Procedure of the Judicial Confer­
ence of the United States, Revised Draft of Proposed Rules
of Evidence for the United States Courts and Magistrates
73 (Oct. 1971). Expressly repudiating the Iowa rule, the
new draft provided that jurors generally could not testify
"as to any matter or statement occurring during the course
of the jury's deliberations." Ibid. This new version was
approved by the Judicial Conference and sent to this
Court, which adopted the rule and referred it to Congress.
56 F. R. D. 183, 265 -- 266 (1972).
Initially, the House rejected this Court's version of Rule
606(b) and instead reverted to the earlier (and narrower)
Advisory Committee draft. Tanner, supra, at 123; see
H. R. Rep. No. 93 -- 650, pp. 9 -- 10 (1973) (criticizing the
Supreme Court draft for preventing jurors from testifying
about "quotient verdict[s]" and other "irregularities which
occurred in the jury room"). In the Senate, however, the
Judiciary Committee favored this Court's rule. The Com­
mittee Report observed that the House draft broke with
"long-accepted Federal law" by allowing verdicts to be
"challenge[d] on the basis of what happened during the
jury's internal deliberations." S. Rep. No. 93 -- 1277, p. 13
(1974) (S. Rep.). In the view of the Senate Committee, the
House rule would have "permit[ted] the harassment of
former jurors" as well as "the possible exploitation of
disgruntled or otherwise badly-motivated ex-jurors." Id.,

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
And Senator McClellan, an influential member of the Senate Judiciary
Committee, insisted that the "mischief in this Rule ought to be plain for
all to see" and that it would be impossible "to conduct trials, particu-
larly criminal prosecutions, as we know them today, if every verdict were
followed by a post-trial hearing into the conduct of the juror's delibera­
tions." Letter from Sen. J. McClellan to Judge A. Maris (Aug. 12,
1971), id., at 33642, 33645.
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 7

ALITO, J., dissenting

at 14. This result would have undermined the finality of
verdicts, violated "common fairness," and prevented jurors
from "function[ing] effectively." Ibid. The Senate rejected
the House version of the rule and returned to the Court's
rule. A Conference Committee adopted the Senate ver­
sion, see H. R. Conf. Rep. No. 93 -- 1597, p. 8 (1974), and
this version was passed by both Houses and was signed
into law by the President.
As this summary shows, the process that culminated in
the adoption of Federal Rule of Evidence 606(b) was the
epitome of reasoned democratic rulemaking. The "distin­
guished, Supreme Court-appointed" members of the Advi­
sory Committee went through a 7-year drafting process,
"produced two well-circulated drafts," and "considered
numerous comments from persons involved in nearly
every area of court-related law." Rothstein, The Proposed
Amendments to the Federal Rules of Evidence, 62 Geo.
L. J. 125 (1973). The work of the Committee was consid­
ered and approved by the experienced appellate and trial
judges serving on the Judicial Conference and by our
predecessors on this Court. After that, the matter went to
Congress, which "specifically understood, considered, and
rejected a version of [the rule] that would have allowed
jurors to testify on juror conduct during deliberations."
Tanner, 483 U. S., at 125. The judgment of all these par­
ticipants in the process, which was informed by their
assessment of an empirical issue, i.e., the effect that the
competing Iowa rule would have had on the jury system, is
entitled to great respect.
Colorado considered this same question, made the same
judgment as the participants in the federal process, and
adopted a very similar rule. In doing so, it joined the
overwhelming majority of States. Ante, at 9. In the great
majority of jurisdictions, strong no-impeachment rules
continue to be "viewed as both promoting the finality of
verdicts and insulating the jury from outside influences."
8 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

ALITO, J., dissenting

Warger, 574 U. S., at ___.
II

A

Recognizing the importance of Rule 606(b), this Court
has twice rebuffed efforts to create a Sixth Amendment
exception -- first in Tanner and then, just two Terms ago,
in Warger.
The Tanner petitioners were convicted of committing
mail fraud and conspiring to defraud the United States.
483 U. S., at 109 -- 110, 112 -- 113. After the trial, two jurors
came forward with disturbing stories of juror misconduct.
One claimed that several jurors "consumed alcohol during
lunch breaks... causing them to sleep through the after­
noons." Id., at 113. The second added that jurors also
smoked marijuana and ingested cocaine during the trial.
Id., at 115 -- 116. This Court held that evidence of this
bacchanalia could properly be excluded under Rule 606(b).
Id., at 127.
The Court noted that "[s]ubstantial policy considera­
tions support the common-law rule against the admission
of jury testimony to impeach a verdict." Id., at 119. While
there is "little doubt that postverdict investigation into
juror misconduct would in some instances lead to the
invalidation of verdicts reached after irresponsible or
improper juror behavior," the Court observed, it is "not at
all clear... that the jury system could survive such efforts
to perfect it." Id., at 120. Allowing such post-verdict
inquiries would "seriously disrupt the finality of the pro­
cess." Ibid. It would also undermine "full and frank dis­
cussion in the jury room, jurors' willingness to return an
unpopular verdict, and the community's trust in a system
that relies on the decisions of laypeople." Id., at 120 -- 121.
The Tanner petitioners, of course, had a Sixth Amend­
ment right "to 'a tribunal both impartial and mentally
competent to afford a hearing.' " Id., at 126 9

ALITO, J., dissenting

dan v. Massachusetts, (1912)). The
question, however, was whether they also had a right to
an evidentiary hearing featuring "one particular kind of
evidence inadmissible under the Federal Rules." 483
U. S., at 126 -- 127. Turning to that question, the Court
noted again that "long-recognized and very substantial
concerns support the protection of jury deliberations from
intrusive inquiry." Id., at 127. By contrast, "[p]etitioners'
Sixth Amendment interests in an unimpaired jury...
[were] protected by several aspects of the trial process."
Ibid.
The Court identified four mechanisms that protect
defendants' Sixth Amendment rights. First, jurors can be
"examined during voir dire." Ibid. Second, "during the
trial the jury is observable by the court, by counsel, and by
court personnel." Ibid. Third, "jurors are observable by
each other, and may report inappropriate juror behavior to
the court before they render a verdict." Ibid. And fourth,
"after the trial a party may seek to impeach the verdict by
nonjuror evidence of misconduct." Ibid. These "other
sources of protection of petitioners' right to a competent
jury" convinced the Court that the juror testimony was
properly excluded. Ibid.
Warger involved a negligence suit arising from a motor­
cycle crash. 574 U. S., at ___. During voir
dire, the individual who eventually became the jury's
foreperson said that she could decide the case fairly and
impartially. Id., at ___. After the jury
returned a verdict in favor of the defendant, one of the
jurors came forward with evidence that called into ques­
tion the truthfulness of the foreperson's responses during
voir dire. According to this juror, the foreperson revealed
during the deliberations that her daughter had once
caused a deadly car crash, and the foreperson expressed
the belief that a lawsuit would have ruined her daughter's
life. Ibid.
10 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

ALITO, J., dissenting

In seeking to use this testimony to overturn the jury's
verdict, the plaintiff 's primary contention was that Rule
606(b) does not apply to evidence concerning a juror's
alleged misrepresentations during voir dire. If otherwise
interpreted, the plaintiff maintained, the rule would
threaten his right to trial by an impartial jury.4 The Court
disagreed, in part because "any claim that Rule 606(b) is
unconstitutional in circumstances such as these is fore­
closed by our decision in Tanner." Id., at ___. The Court explained that "[e]ven if jurors lie in voir
dire in a way that conceals bias, juror impartiality is
adequately assured by" two of the other Tanner safe­
guards: pre-verdict reports by the jurors and non-juror
evidence. 574 U. S., at ___.
Tanner and Warger fit neatly into this Court's broader
jurisprudence concerning the constitutionality of evidence
rules. As the Court has explained, "state and federal
rulemakers have broad latitude under the Constitution to
establish rules excluding evidence from criminal trials."
Holmes v. South Carolina, (2006) (in­
ternal quotation marks and alteration omitted). Thus,
evidence rules of this sort have been invalidated only if
they "serve no legitimate purpose or... are disproportion­
ate to the ends that they are asserted to promote." Id., at
326. Tanner and Warger recognized that Rule 606(b)
serves vital purposes and does not impose a disproportion­
ate burden on the jury trial right.
Today, for the first time, the Court creates a constitu­
tional exception to no-impeachment rules. Specifically,
the Court holds that no-impeachment rules violate the
Sixth Amendment to the extent that they preclude courts
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Although Warger was a civil case, we wrote that "[t]he Constitution

guarantees both criminal and civil litigants a right to an impartial
jury." 574 U. S., at ___.
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 11

ALITO, J., dissenting

from considering evidence of a juror's racially biased com­
ments. Ante, at 17. The Court attempts to distinguish
Tanner and Warger, but its efforts fail.
Tanner and Warger rested on two basic propositions.
First, no-impeachment rules advance crucial interests.
Second, the right to trial by an impartial jury is adequately
protected by mechanisms other than the use of juror
testimony regarding jury deliberations. The first of these
propositions applies regardless of the nature of the juror
misconduct, and the Court does not argue otherwise.
Instead, it contends that, in cases involving racially biased
jurors, the Tanner safeguards are less effective and the
defendant's Sixth Amendment interests are more pro­
found. Neither argument is persuasive.
B
As noted above, Tanner identified four "aspects of the
trial process" that protect a defendant's Sixth Amendment
rights: (1) voir dire; (2) observation by the court, counsel,
and court personnel; (3) pre-verdict reports by the jurors;
and (4) non-juror evidence. 483 U. S., at 127.5 Although
the Court insists that that these mechanisms "may be
compromised" in cases involving allegations of racial bias,
it addresses only two of them and fails to make a sus­
tained argument about either. Ante, at 16.
1
First, the Court contends that the effectiveness of voir
dire is questionable in cases involving racial bias because
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The majority opinion in this case identifies a fifth mechanism: jury

instructions. It observes that, by explaining the jurors' responsibilities,
appropriate jury instructions can promote "[p]robing and thoughtful
deliberation," which in turn "improves the likelihood that other jurors
can confront the flawed nature of reasoning that is prompted or influ­
enced by improper biases." Ante, at 20 -- 21. This mechanism, like those
listed in Tanner, can help to prevent bias from infecting a verdict.
12 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

ALITO, J., dissenting

pointed questioning about racial attitudes may highlight
racial issues and thereby exacerbate prejudice. Ibid. It is
far from clear, however, that careful voir dire cannot
surmount this problem. Lawyers may use questionnaires
or individual questioning of prospective jurors6 in order to
elicit frank answers that a juror might be reluctant to
voice in the presence of other prospective jurors.7 More­
over, practice guides are replete with advice on conducting
effective voir dire on the subject of race. They outline a
variety of subtle and nuanced approaches that avoid
pointed questions.8 And of course, if an attorney is con­
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 Both of those techniques were used in this case for other purposes.
App. 13 -- 14; Tr. 56 -- 78 (Feb. 23, 2010, morning session).
7 See People v. Harlan, 8 P. 3d 448, 500 (Colo. 2000) ("The trial court

took precautions at the outset of the trial to foreclose the injection of
improper racial considerations by including questions concerning racial
issues in the jury questionnaire"); Brewer v. Marshall, 119 F. 3d 993,
996 (CA1 1997) ("The judge asked each juror, out of the presence of
other jurors, whether they had any bias or prejudice for or against
black persons or persons of Hispanic origin"); 6 W. LaFave, J. Israel, N.
King, & O. Kerr, Criminal Procedure.3(a), p. 92 (4th ed. 2015)
(noting that "[j]udges commonly allow jurors to approach the bench and
discuss sensitive matters there" and are also free to conduct "in cham­
bers discussions").
8 See, e.g., J. Gobert, E. Kreitzberg, & C. Rose, Jury Selection: The

Law, Art, and Science of Selecting a Jury :41, pp. 357 -- 358 (3d ed.
2014) (explaining that "the issue should be approached more indirectly"
and suggesting the use of "[o]pen-ended questions" on subjects like "the
composition of the neighborhood in which the juror lives, the juror's
relationship with co-workers or neighbors of different races, or the
juror's past experiences with persons of other races"); W. Jordan, Jury
Selection.11, p. 237 (1980) (explaining that "the whole matter of
prejudice" should be approached "delicately and cautiously" and giving
an example of an indirect question that avoids the word "prejudice"); R.
Wenke, The Art of Selecting a Jury 67 (1979) (discussing questions that
could identify biased jurors when "your client is a member of a minority
group"); id., at 66 (suggesting that instead of "asking a juror if he is
'prejudiced' " the attorney should "inquire about his 'feeling,' 'belief' or
'opinion' "); 2 National Jury Project, Inc., Jurywork: Systematic Tech­
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 13

ALITO, J., dissenting

cerned that a juror is concealing bias, a peremptory strike
may be used.9
The suggestion that voir dire is ineffective in unearthing
bias runs counter to decisions of this Court holding that
voir dire on the subject of race is constitutionally required
in some cases, mandated as a matter of federal supervi-
sory authority in others, and typically advisable in any case

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
niques.23 (E. Krauss ed., 2d ed. 2010) (listing sample questions
about racial prejudice); A. Grine & E. Coward, Raising Issues of Race in
North Carolina Criminal Cases, p. 8 -- 14 (2014) (suggesting that attor­
neys "share a brief example about a judgment shaped by a racial
stereotype" to make it easier for jurors to share their own biased views),
http://defendermanuals.sog.unc.edu/race/8-addressing-race-trial (as last
visited Mar. 3, 2017); id., at 8 -- 15 to 8 -- 17 (suggesting additional strate­
gies and providing sample questions); T. Mauet, Trial Techniques 44
(8th ed. 2010) (suggesting that "likely beliefs and attitudes are more
accurately learned through indirection"); J. Lieberman & B. Sales,
Scientific Jury Selection 114 -- 115 (2007) (discussing research suggest­
ing that "participants were more likely to admit they were unable to
abide by legal due process guarantees when asked open-ended ques­
tions that did not direct their responses").
9 To the extent race does become salient during voir dire, there is

social science research suggesting that this may actually combat rather
than reinforce the jurors' biases. See, e.g., Lee, A New Approach to Voir
Dire on Racial Bias, 5 U. C. Irvine L. Rev. 843, 861 (2015) ("A wealth of
fairly recent empirical research has shown that when race is made
salient either through pretrial publicity, voir dire questioning of pro­
spective jurors, opening and closing arguments, or witness testimony,
White jurors are more likely to treat similarly situated Black and
White defendants the same way"). See also Sommers & Ellsworth,
White Juror Bias: An Investigation of Prejudice Against Black Defend­
ants in the American Courtroom, 7 Psychology, Pub. Pol'y, & L. 201,
222 (2001); Sommers & Ellsworth, How Much Do We Really Know
About Race and Juries? A Review of Social Science Theory and Re­
search, 78 Chi.-Kent L. Rev. 997, 1013 -- 1014, 1027 (2003); Schuller,
Kazoleas, & Kawakami, The Impact of Prejudice Screening Procedures
on Racial Bias in the Courtroom, 33 Law & Human Behavior 320, 326
(2009); Cohn, Bucolo, Pride, & Somers, Reducing White Juror Bias: The
Role of Race Salience and Racial Attitudes, 39 J. Applied Soc. Psycho-
logy 1953, 1964 -- 1965 (2009).
14 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

ALITO, J., dissenting

if a defendant requests it. See Turner v. Murray, -- 37 (1986); Rosales-Lopez v. United States, (1981) (plurality opinion); Ristaino v. Ross, (1976). If voir dire were not useful
in identifying racial prejudice, those decisions would be
pointless. Cf. Turner, supra, at 36 (plurality opinion)
(noting "the ease with which [the] risk [of racial bias]
could have been minimized" through voir dire). Even the
majority recognizes the "advantages of careful voir dire" as
a "proces[s] designed to prevent racial bias in jury deliber­
ations." Ante, at 20. And reported decisions substantiate
that voir dire can be effective in this regard. E.g., Brewer
v. Marshall, 119 F. 3d 993, 995 -- 996 (CA1 1997); United
States v. Hasting, 739 F. 2d 1269, 1271 (CA7 1984); People
v. Harlan, 8 P. 3d 448, 500 (Colo. 2000); see Brief for
Respondent 23 -- 24, (listing additional cases). Thus,
while voir dire is not a magic cure, there are good reasons
to think that it is a valuable tool.
In any event, the critical point for present purposes is
that the effectiveness of voir dire is a debatable empirical
proposition. Its assessment should be addressed in the
process of developing federal and state evidence rules.
Federal and state rulemakers can try a variety of ap­
proaches, and they can make changes in response to the
insights provided by experience and research. The ap­
proach taken by today's majority -- imposing a federal
constitutional rule on the entire country -- prevents exper­
imentation and makes change exceedingly hard.10
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 It is worth noting that, even if voir dire were entirely ineffective at

detecting racial bias (a proposition no one defends), that still would not
suffice to distinguish this case from Warger v. Shauers, 574 U. S. ___
(2014). After all, the allegation in Warger was that the foreperson had
entirely circumvented voir dire by lying in order to shield her bias. The
Court, nevertheless, concluded that even where "jurors lie in voir dire
in a way that conceals bias, juror impartiality is adequately assured"
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 15

ALITO, J., dissenting

2
The majority also argues -- even more cursorily -- that
"racial bias may make it difficult for a juror to report
inappropriate statements during the course of juror delib­
erations." Ante, at 16. This is so, we are told, because it is
difficult to "call [another juror] a bigot." Ibid.
Since the Court's decision mandates the admission of
the testimony of one juror about a statement made by
another juror during deliberations, what the Court must
mean in making this argument is that jurors are less
willing to report biased comments by fellow jurors prior to
the beginning of deliberations (while they are still sitting
with the biased juror) than they are after the verdict is
announced and the jurors have gone home. But this is
also a questionable empirical assessment, and the Court's
seat-of-the-pants judgment is no better than that of those
with the responsibility of drafting and adopting federal
and state evidence rules. There is no question that jurors
do report biased comments made by fellow jurors prior to
the beginning of deliberations. See, e.g., United States v.
McClinton, 135 F. 3d 1178, 1184 -- 1185 (CA7 1998); United
States v. Heller, 785 F. 2d 1524, 1525 -- 1529 (CA11 1986);
Tavares v. Holbrook, 779 F. 2d 1, 1 -- 3 (CA1 1985) (Breyer,
J.); see Brief for Respondent 31 -- 32, ; Brief for United
States as Amicus Curiae 31. And the Court marshals no
evidence that such pre-deliberation reporting is rarer than
the post-verdict variety.
Even if there is something to the distinction that the
Court makes between pre- and post-verdict reporting, it is
debatable whether the difference is significant enough to
merit different treatment. This is especially so because
post-verdict reporting is both more disruptive and may be
the result of extraneous influences. A juror who is ini-
-- -- -- -- -- -- 

through other means. Id., at ___.

16 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

ALITO, J., dissenting

tially in the minority but is ultimately persuaded by other
jurors may have second thoughts after the verdict is an­
nounced and may be angry with others on the panel who
pressed for unanimity. In addition, if a verdict is unpopu­
lar with a particular juror's family, friends, employer, co­
workers, or neighbors, the juror may regret his or her vote
and may feel pressured to rectify what the jury has done.
In short, the Court provides no good reason to depart
from the calculus made in Tanner and Warger. Indeed,
the majority itself uses hedged language and appears to
recognize that this "pragmatic" argument is something of
a makeweight. Ante, at 16 -- 17 (noting that the argument
is "not dispositive"); ante, at 16 (stating that the operation
of the safeguards "may be compromised, or they may prove
insufficient").
III

A

The real thrust of the majority opinion is that the Con­
stitution is less tolerant of racial bias than other forms of
juror misconduct, but it is hard to square this argument
with the nature of the Sixth Amendment right on which
petitioner's argument and the Court's holding are based.
What the Sixth Amendment protects is the right to an
"impartial jury." Nothing in the text or history of the
Amendment or in the inherent nature of the jury trial
right suggests that the extent of the protection provided
by the Amendment depends on the nature of a jury's
partiality or bias. As the Colorado Supreme Court aptly
put it, it is hard to "discern a dividing line between differ­
ent types of juror bias or misconduct, whereby one form of
partiality would implicate a party's Sixth Amendment
right while another would not." 350 P. 3d 287, 293
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 17

ALITO, J., dissenting

(2015).11
Nor has the Court found any decision of this Court
suggesting that the Sixth Amendment recognizes some
sort of hierarchy of partiality or bias. The Court points to
a line of cases holding that, in some narrow circumstances,
the Constitution requires trial courts to conduct voir dire
on the subject of race. Those decisions, however, were not
based on a ranking of types of partiality but on the Court's
conclusion that in certain cases racial bias was especially
likely. See Turner, 476 U. S., at 38, (plurality opin­
ion) (requiring voir dire on the subject of race where there
is "a particularly compelling need to inquire into racial
prejudice" because of a qualitatively higher "risk of racial
bias"); Ristaino, 424 U. S., at 596 (explaining that the
requirement applies only if there is a "constitutionally
significant likelihood that, absent questioning about
racial prejudice, the jurors would not be [impartial]").12
Thus, this line of cases does not advance the majority's
argument.
It is undoubtedly true that "racial bias implicates
unique historical, constitutional, and institutional con­
cerns." Ante, at 16. But it is hard to see what that has to
do with the scope of an individual criminal defendant's
Sixth Amendment right to be judged impartially. The
Court's efforts to reconcile its decision with McDonald,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 The majority's reliance on footnote 3 of Warger, ante, at 12 -- 13, is
unavailing. In that footnote, the Court noted that some "cases of juror
bias" might be "so extreme" as to prompt the Court to "consider whether
the usual safeguards are or are not sufficient to protect the integrity
of the process." 574 U. S., at ___ -- ___, ( -- 11, ). Considering this question is very different from
adopting a constitutionally based exception to long-established no-
impeachment rules.
12 In addition, those cases did not involve a challenge to a long-

established evidence rule. As such, they offer little guidance in per­
forming the analysis required by this case.
18 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

ALITO, J., dissenting

Tanner, and Warger illustrate the problem. The Court
writes that the misconduct in those cases, while "troubling
and unacceptable," was "anomalous." Ante, at 15. By
contrast, racial bias, the Court says, is a "familiar and
recurring evil" that causes "systemic injury to the admin­
istration of justice." Ante, at 15 -- 16.
Imagine two cellmates serving lengthy prison terms.
Both were convicted for homicides committed in unrelated
barroom fights. At the trial of the first prisoner, a juror,
during deliberations, expressed animosity toward the
defendant because of his race. At the trial of the second
prisoner, a juror, during deliberations, expressed animos­
ity toward the defendant because he was wearing the
jersey of a hated football team. In both cases, jurors come
forward after the trial and reveal what the biased juror
said in the jury room. The Court would say to the first
prisoner: "You are entitled to introduce the jurors' testi­
mony, because racial bias is damaging to our society." To
the second, the Court would say: "Even if you did not have
an impartial jury, you must stay in prison because sports
rivalries are not a major societal issue."
This disparate treatment is unsupportable under the
Sixth Amendment. If the Sixth Amendment requires the
admission of juror testimony about statements or conduct
during deliberations that show one type of juror partiality,
then statements or conduct showing any type of partiality
should be treated the same way.
B
Recasting this as an equal protection case would not
provide a ground for limiting the holding to cases involv­
ing racial bias. At a minimum, cases involving bias based
on any suspect classification -- such as national origin13 or
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 See Cleburne v. Cleburne Living Center, Inc., 
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 19

ALITO, J., dissenting

religion14 -- would merit equal treatment. So, I think,
would bias based on sex, United States v. Virginia, (1996), or the exercise of the First Amend­
ment right to freedom of expression or association. See
Regan v. Taxation With Representation of Washington, (1983). Indeed, convicting a defendant on
the basis of any irrational classification would violate the
Equal Protection Clause.
Attempting to limit the damage worked by its decision,
the Court says that only "clear" expressions of bias must
be admitted, ante, at 17, but judging whether a statement
is sufficiently "clear" will often not be easy. Suppose that
the allegedly biased juror in this case never made refer­
ence to Peña-Rodriguez's race or national origin but said
that he had a lot of experience with "this macho type" and
knew that men of this kind felt that they could get their
way with women. Suppose that other jurors testified that
they were certain that "this macho type" was meant to
refer to Mexican or Hispanic men. Many other similarly
suggestive statements can easily be imagined, and under
today's decision it will be difficult for judges to discern the
dividing line between those that are "clear[ly]" based on
racial or ethnic bias and those that are at least somewhat
ambiguous.
IV
Today's decision -- especially if it is expanded in the
ways that seem likely -- will invite the harms that no-
impeachment rules were designed to prevent.
First, as the Court explained in Tanner, "postverdict
scrutiny of juror conduct" will inhibit "full and frank dis­
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
(1985).
14 See, e.g., United States v. Armstrong, (1996);

Burlington Northern R. Co. v. Ford, (1992); New
Orleans v. Dukes, (1976) (per curiam).
20 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

ALITO, J., dissenting

cussion in the jury room." 483 U. S., at 120 -- 121; see also
McDonald, 238 U. S., at 267 -- 268 (warning that the use of
juror testimony about misconduct during deliberations
would "make what was intended to be a private delibera­
tion, the constant subject of public investigation -- to the
destruction of all frankness and freedom of discussion and
conference"). Or, as the Senate Report put it: "[C]ommon
fairness requires that absolute privacy be preserved for
jurors to engage in the full and free debate necessary to
the attainment of just verdicts. Jurors will not be able to
function effectively if their deliberations are to be scruti­
nized in post-trial litigation." S. Rep., at 14.
Today's ruling will also prompt losing parties and their
friends, supporters, and attorneys to contact and seek to
question jurors, and this pestering may erode citizens'
willingness to serve on juries. Many jurisdictions now
have rules that prohibit or restrict post-verdict contact
with jurors, but whether those rules will survive today's
decision is an open question -- as is the effect of this deci­
sion on privilege rules such as those noted at the outset of
this opinion.15
Where post-verdict approaches are permitted or occur,

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
15 The majority's emphasis on the unique harms of racial bias will not

succeed at cabining the novel exception to no-impeachment rules, but it
may succeed at putting other kinds of rules under threat. For example,
the majority approvingly refers to the widespread rules limiting attor­
neys' contact with jurors. Ante, at 17 -- 18. But under the reasoning of
the majority opinion, it is not clear why such rules should be enforced
when they come into conflict with a defendant's attempt to introduce
evidence of racial bias. For instance, what will happen when a lawyer
obtains clear evidence of racist statements by contacting jurors in
violation of a local rule? (Something similar happened in Tanner. 483
U. S., at 126.) It remains to be seen whether rules of this type -- or
other rules which exclude probative evidence, such as evidentiary
privileges -- will be allowed to stand in the way of the "imperative to
purge racial prejudice from the administration of justice." Ante, at 13.
 Cite as: 580 U. S. ____ (2017) 21

ALITO, J., dissenting

there is almost certain to be an increase in harassment,
arm-twisting, and outright coercion. See McDonald,
supra, at 267; S. Rep., at 14 (explaining that a laxer rule
"would permit the harassment of former jurors by losing
parties as well as the possible exploitation of disgruntled
or otherwise badly-motivated ex-jurors"); 350 P. 3d, at
293. As one treatise explains, "[a] juror who reluctantly
joined a verdict is likely to be sympathetic to overtures by
the loser, and persuadable to the view that his own con­
sent rested on false or impermissible considerations, and
the truth will be hard to know." 3 C. Mueller & L. Kirk­
patrick, Federal Evidence :16, p. 75 (4th ed. 2013).
The majority's approach will also undermine the finality
of verdicts. "Public policy requires a finality to litigation."
S. Rep., at 14. And accusations of juror bias -- which may
be "raised for the first time days, weeks, or months after
the verdict" -- can "seriously disrupt the finality of the
process." Tanner, supra, at 120. This threatens to
"degrad[e] the prominence of the trial itself " and to send
the message that juror misconduct need not be dealt with
promptly. Engle v. Isaac, (1982). See
H. R. Conf. Rep. No. 93 -- 1597, at 8 ("The Conferees believe
that jurors should be encouraged to be conscientious in
promptly reporting to the court misconduct that occurs
during jury deliberations").
The Court itself acknowledges that strict no-
impeachment rules "promot[e] full and vigorous discus­
sion," protect jurors from "be[ing] harassed or annoyed by
litigants seeking to challenge the verdict," and "giv[e]
stability and finality to verdicts." Ante, at 9. By the ma­
jority's own logic, then, imposing exceptions on no-
impeachment rules will tend to defeat full and vigorous
discussion, expose jurors to harassment, and deprive
verdicts of stability.
The Court's only response is that some jurisdictions
already make an exception for racial bias, and the Court
22 PENA-RODRIGUEZ v. COLORADO

ALITO, J., dissenting

detects no signs of "a loss of juror willingness to engage in
searching and candid deliberations." Ante, at 19. One
wonders what sort of outward signs the Court would
expect to see if jurors in these jurisdictions do not speak as
freely in the jury room as their counterparts in jurisdic­
tions with strict no-impeachment rules. Gathering and
assessing evidence regarding the quality of jury delibera­
tions in different jurisdictions would be a daunting enter­
prise, and the Court offers no indication that anybody has
undertaken that task.
In short, the majority barely bothers to engage with the
policy issues implicated by no-impeachment rules. But
even if it had carefully grappled with those issues, it still
would have no basis for exalting its own judgment over
that of the many expert policymakers who have endorsed
broad no-impeachment rules.
V
The Court's decision is well-intentioned. It seeks to
remedy a flaw in the jury trial system, but as this Court
said some years ago, it is questionable whether our system
of trial by jury can endure this attempt to perfect it.
Tanner, 483 U. S., at 120.
I respectfully dissent.