Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

Statement of SOTOMAYOR, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
MICHAEL DEWAYNE LAIRY v. UNITED STATES
ON PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED
STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE SEVENTH CIRCUIT
No. 25 -- 821. Decided May 18, 2026

The petition for a writ of certiorari is denied.
Statement of JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR respecting the denial
of certiorari.
As all agree, petitioner Michael Lairy's prison sentence
for unlawful handgun possession was five years longer than
the applicable statutory maximum. When Lairy filed a mo-
tion under 28 U. S. C. seeking relief from that sen-
tence, however, the Government argued, and the courts be-
low held, that Lairy's motion was untimely.
As the Government now informs this Court, its decision
to invoke that statute-of-limitations defense below was an
"inadverten[t]" error. Brief in Opposition 6. The Govern-
ment represents that it has a policy of waiving such de-
fenses in cases involving "undisputed legal ineligibility for
an enhanced noncapital sentence -- that is, a sentence above
the applicable statutory maximum." Id., at 5 -- 6. Thus, it
promised to "correct its oversight by waiving the limitations
defense in district court." Id., at 6. Shortly thereafter, the
District Court granted Lairy's motion and released
him. In light of the Government's policy, and the fact that
Lairy has now received all the relief he requested in his
motion, I concur in the denial of certiorari.

============================================================

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case addresses whether a federal court that has pre-
viously stayed claims in a pending action under of the
Federal Arbitration Act (FAA), 9 U. S. C. et seq., has ju-
risdiction to confirm or vacate a resulting arbitral award as
to those claims under and. The Court holds that it
does. Because a federal court in this scenario has jurisdic-
tion over the original claims and does not lose that jurisdic-
tion while the case is stayed pending arbitration, it retains
jurisdiction to determine whether the arbitral award re-
solving those claims is valid and should be confirmed. The
judgment of the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is
therefore affirmed.
I
A
The FAA "authorizes a party to an arbitration agreement
to seek several kinds of assistance from a federal court."
Badgerow v. Walters, (2022). At the front end,
of the FAA directs federal courts to stay any lawsuit that
involves an issue that is "referable to arbitration," and 
allows federal courts to compel arbitration if a party to an
2 JULES v. ANDRE BALAZS PROPERTIES

Opinion of the Court

arbitration agreement refuses to arbitrate. During arbitra-
tion, federal courts may facilitate the proceedings, includ-
ing by appointing an arbitrator under and enforcing sub-
poenas under. On the back end, and central here, after
an arbitral award has issued, federal courts may confirm,
vacate, or modify such an award under, or. Un-
der, a court must confirm an award upon request "unless
the award is vacated, modified, or corrected as prescribed
in sections 10 and 11." The grounds for vacatur and modi-
fication are limited. See (allowing vacatur for "cor-
ruption, fraud, or undue means," "partiality" or "miscon-
duct" by an arbitrator, and "where the arbitrators exceeded
their powers"); (allowing modification of "material mis-
calculation[s]" and in other narrow circumstances).
An FAA motion can arrive in federal court in one of two
ways. Sometimes (like in this case), an FAA motion arises
in a pre-existing lawsuit. In such cases, one party files a
federal suit and the other responds by arguing that the dis-
pute is arbitrable and so should not go forward in court. If
the latter party is right, the court must stay proceedings
pending arbitration under and, upon request, must com-
pel arbitration under.1 (What else a court may do in this
scenario, including with respect to and motions filed
after arbitration has concluded and the parties return to
court, is the subject of this appeal.) In other cases, a "free-
standing" FAA motion can arrive in federal court outside of
any pre-existing federal case. For example, the parties may
proceed directly to arbitration under their contract but need
assistance enforcing a subpoena, and so apply to a court for
aid under. Or one party may refuse to respond to an out-
of-court arbitration demand at all, and the other side may
seek an order compelling arbitration under.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 As discussed below, see infra, at 10, this Court has held that does

not authorize a district court to dismiss a case after finding it to be arbi-
trable; the text of says that a federal court "shall... stay" proceedings,
so a stay is required. Smith v. Spizzirri, (2024).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

Regardless of how an FAA dispute begins, federal juris-
diction is not always a foregone conclusion. For a federal
court to have jurisdiction over an arbitral dispute, it is not
enough that the dispute implicates the FAA. That is be-
cause the FAA is " 'something of an anomaly' in the realm
of federal legislation." Vaden v. Discover Bank, (2009). Although the FAA is a federal statute that
provides federal standards, it "does not itself create [fed-
eral] jurisdiction." Badgerow, 596 U. S., at 4. Instead,
given the FAA's "nonjurisdictional cast," a federal court
must have an " 'independent jurisdictional basis' " for grant-
ing FAA relief. Vaden, 556 U. S., at 59. That could come,
for example, in the form of diversity jurisdiction if a dispute
under the FAA arises between citizens of different States
with over $75,000 at issue. See 28 U. S. C.. Or a
court may have federal-question jurisdiction if an FAA mo-
tion implicates a federal issue (other than one under the
FAA). See.
In two prior cases, this Court has addressed how to assess
jurisdiction over FAA motions filed as "freestanding" ac-
tions in federal court. First, in Vaden v. Discover Bank, the
Court held that permits courts to assess jurisdiction by
" 'looking through' " a motion to compel arbitration to the
underlying dispute. 556 U. S., at 62. There, the parties be-
gan with a contract dispute in state court, but after one side
filed counterclaims, the other side filed a motion in fed-
eral court invoking the contract's arbitration agreement.
Id., at 54 -- 55. The motion itself did not present a federal
question; it invoked only a contractual right to arbitrate.
Id., at 63. Nor was diversity jurisdiction available. Id., at
54,. Yet this was not the end of the matter. As the
Court observed, 's text authorizes relief if a court, " 'save
for [the arbitration] agreement, would have jurisdiction' "
over the dispute. Id., at 62. The Court thus held that courts
should determine jurisdiction "by 'looking through' a 
petition to the parties' underlying substantive controversy,"
4 JULES v. ANDRE BALAZS PROPERTIES

Opinion of the Court

even though that controversy is not before the federal court.
Id., at 62 -- 63. If that " 'controversy between the parties,' as
they have framed it, could be litigated in federal court,"
even if no such claim was ever filed in federal court, a court
has jurisdiction to compel arbitration. Id., at 66.
Second, in Badgerow v. Walters, the Court concluded that
Vaden's look-through approach does not apply to freestand-
ing motions to confirm or vacate arbitral awards under 
or. 596 U. S., at 5. The parties in Badgerow began by
proceeding directly to an arbitration of federal claims with-
out filing suit in any court and without filing any or 
motion. Ibid. After the arbitration resolved the federal
claims at issue, one party sought confirmation of the award
in federal court, while the other sought vacatur. Ibid. Like
in Vaden, the FAA motions presented no (non-FAA) federal
question on their face, and the parties were not diverse. 596
U. S., at 9. The Court thus considered whether Vaden's
" 'look-through' approach to jurisdiction applies to requests
to confirm or vacate arbitral awards under the FAA's Sec-
tions 9 and 10." 596 U. S., at 5.
The Court held that it does not. The look-through ap-
proach, the Court emphasized, is a "highly unusual" "juris-
dictional outlier." Id., at 12, 14. That is because the look-
through approach "locates jurisdiction not in the action ac-
tually before the court, but in another controversy neither
there nor ever meant to be." Id., at 12; see id., at 9 (similar).
Vaden grounded its anomalous approach largely in 's
" 'save for' " language, whereas "Sections 9 and 10," the
Court observed, "contain none of the statutory language on
which Vaden relied." 596 U. S., at 10 -- 11. Accordingly,
Badgerow held that a court presented with a freestanding
or motion may not look through that motion to a con-
troversy involving a federal issue that is "not before the
court" in order to establish jurisdiction. Id., at 5.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

B
Between 2017 and 2020, petitioner Adrian Jules worked
at the Chateau Marmont Hotel in Los Angeles, California.
In March 2020, the hotel ended his employment, citing
staffing issues related to the COVID -- 19 pandemic. Jules
then sued in Federal District Court in New York (where
several respondents are domiciled), alleging, among other
things, that respondents unlawfully discriminated against
him in violation of federal and state law.
Jules, however, had signed an arbitration agreement be-
fore beginning work at the hotel, which stated that any dis-
putes related to his employment or termination thereof that
could not be resolved by negotiation or mediation must be
resolved by arbitration. Citing this agreement, respond-
ents moved, as relevant here, to stay federal proceedings
pending arbitration under. In 2021, the District Court
held that the arbitration agreement covered Jules's claims
and stayed proceedings.
Jules then commenced arbitration against respondents.
In 2023, the arbitrator issued a final award ruling against
Jules on all claims. In addition, the arbitrator awarded
about $34,500 in sanctions to respondents based on Jules's
and his attorney's misconduct (which included Jules refus-
ing to participate in the arbitral hearing on Jules's claims).
Back in District Court, before the same court that had
previously stayed Jules's claims pending arbitration, re-
spondents moved to confirm the award under. Jules op-
posed confirmation while cross-moving to vacate the arbi-
tral award under on various grounds. Relevant here,
Jules argued that, under Badgerow, the District Court
lacked jurisdiction to confirm the award because the and
motions did not present federal questions or satisfy the
requirements for diversity jurisdiction, given that the par-
ties to the arbitration and award were nondiverse and the
amount in controversy was less than $75,000.
6 JULES v. ANDRE BALAZS PROPERTIES

Opinion of the Court

The District Court disagreed and confirmed the arbitral
award. The Second Circuit affirmed. Badgerow, the Second
Circuit emphasized, "involved [a freestanding] action com-
menced... for the sole purpose of vacating an arbitral
award." App. to Pet. for Cert. 6a (Pet. App.). That made it
fundamentally "unlike the present action, which started as
a federal question suit before it was stayed pending arbitra-
tion." Ibid. In the latter situation, the Court of Appeals
reasoned, "the Supreme Court has held that a 'court with
the power to stay the action under has the further power
to confirm any ensuing arbitration award,' " regardless of
whether there is an independent jurisdictional basis for the
and proceedings. Ibid. ;
alteration omitted). Because nothing in Badgerow under-
mined this principle, the Second Circuit held that the Dis-
trict Court had jurisdiction to confirm the award. See Pet.
App. 7a.
Jules filed a timely petition for a writ of certiorari seeking
review of the Second Circuit's conclusion that Badgerow's
holding is limited to freestanding and applications
without a pre-existing federal lawsuit. Two other Courts of
Appeals have agreed with the Second Circuit after
Badgerow, but the Fourth Circuit has held that Badgerow's
holding applies to all and motions, regardless of
whether claims were filed in federal court before they were
resolved in arbitration. Compare George v. Rushmore Serv.
Center, LLC, 114 F. 4th 226, 238, (CA3 2024), and
Kinsella v. Baker Hughes Oilfields Operations, LLC, 66 F.
4th 1099, 1103 (CA7 2023), with SmartSky Networks, LLC
v. DAG Wireless, LTD., 93 F. 4th 175, 183 (CA4 2024). This
Court granted certiorari to resolve the division among the
Courts of Appeals. (2025).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

II
This case asks whether a federal court with pre-existing
jurisdiction over claims that it stayed pending arbitration
under can adjudicate a or motion even if that mo-
tion does not present, on its face, an independent basis for
federal jurisdiction. The answer is yes. "[A] court with the
power to stay the action under has the further power to
confirm [or vacate] any ensuing arbitration award." Cortez
Byrd, 529 U. S., at 202 (addressing a different, venue-re-
lated question under the FAA).
To start, unlike with the freestanding applications at is-
sue in Vaden and Badgerow, see supra, at 3 -- 4, assessing
jurisdiction over a or motion in a case originally filed
in federal court does not require "looking through" the filed
action. Instead, the court may assess its jurisdiction by
looking at the suit that is already before it. As Badgerow
explained, "[j]urisdiction to decide [a] case includes jurisdic-
tion to decide [a] motion" within that case, and usually
"there is no need to 'look through' the motion in search of a
jurisdictional basis outside the court." 596 U. S., at 15.
Here, the District Court had original jurisdiction, under
28 U. S. C., over Jules's federal claims. It was this
very jurisdiction that authorized the court to adjudicate the
arbitrability of Jules's claims under the parties' contract to
begin with, before staying litigation pending arbitration.
Nothing in the FAA eliminated that jurisdiction while the
parties arbitrated. See Hall Street Associates, L. L. C. v.
Mattel, Inc., (2008) ("As for jurisdiction
over controversies touching arbitration, the [FAA] does
nothing"). So when the parties returned to court after arbi-
tration with and motions, the court had the same
"jurisdiction to decide the case," and thus "jurisdiction to
decide th[ose] motion[s]," that it possessed from the start.
Badgerow, 596 U. S., at 15. "The court had federal question
subject matter jurisdiction and... never lost it." 1 I.
8 JULES v. ANDRE BALAZS PROPERTIES

Opinion of the Court

Macneil, R. Speidel, & T. Stipanowich, Federal Arbitration
Law.2.3.1, p. 9:13 (1995).
The District Court's pre-existing jurisdiction means that
this case is not "Badgerow all over again." Contra, Brief for
Petitioner 3. In Badgerow, the first (and only) thing that
had occurred in federal court was the confirm-or-vacate dis-
pute under and. See 596 U. S., at 5 -- 6. In that cir-
cumstance, there were only two places a court could look to
find federal jurisdiction: the face of the FAA motions, on the
one hand, or the underlying dispute that "was not before"
the court, on the other. Id., at 9. Here, however, there is
an obvious third place to look for jurisdiction: the original
claims themselves. Because those claims were sufficient to
establish the District Court's jurisdiction in this case under
28 U. S. C., they also established the District Court's
authority to resolve the motions to confirm or vacate the
arbitral award resolving those claims.
It is true that, by the time the parties filed the and 
motions here, the arbitrator had issued an award that
marked "a contractual resolution of the parties' dispute."
596 U. S., at 9. As Jules argues, that out-of-court resolution
functioned like a release, which could serve as an affirma-
tive defense and be used to "resolve the original claim" filed
in court. Reply Brief 15 (1), which lists "arbitration and award" as an "af-
firmative defense"). The fact that the arbitral award may
"resolve" Jules's original claims, however, only underscores
why the District Court's original jurisdiction extends to the
parties' and motions. Those motions required the
District Court to assess whether there were grounds to va-
cate the award. See (requiring confirmation "unless the
award is vacated... as prescribed in sectio[n] 10"). They
were thus integral to determining whether the award would
continue to serve as a valid defense to the original claims
that had been stayed, but were still pending, in District
Court until the court confirmed the award. Cf. Judgment
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

in No. 1:20 -- cv -- 10500 (SDNY), ECF Doc. 118, p. 1 (confirm-
ing arbitral award against Jules and entering judgment on
Jules's claims).
Jules notes that, unlike dismissal based on an affirmative
defense, a motion goes further and asks a court to con-
vert an arbitral award into a judgment of the court. See 
(stating that an order confirming an arbitral award has the
"same force and effect" as a judgment in a federal action).
That is correct, but this Court has held that federal courts
have the power to incorporate private settlements into or-
ders of the court when resolving claims that are the subject
of those settlements. In Kokkonen v. Guardian Life Ins. Co.
of America, (1994), for example, the Court
made clear that a federal "court is authorized to embody [a]
settlement contract in its dismissal order" and later "en-
forc[e]" that "settlement agreement." Id., at 381 -- 382.2
Similarly, the Court has recognized federal courts' jurisdic-
tion to embody contracts "arrived at by negotiation between
the parties" as consent judgments in certain circumstances.
United States v. ITT Continental Baking Co., (1975) (noting the "dual character" of such judg-
ments). Federal courts also routinely resolve disputes over
private settlements in class actions, which can be settled
"only with the court's approval." Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 23(e);
see, e.g., Sullivan v. DB Invs., Inc., 667 F. 3d 273, 293 (CA3
2011) (en banc) (addressing disputes over class settlement
that included an "agreed-upon injunction"). In each sce-
nario, as here, the parties reach a contractual resolution of

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 A court's original jurisdiction to embody a private settlement in a

court order is distinct from any ancillary-enforcement jurisdiction to ad-
judicate disputes that later arise out of such an agreement. The former
falls within a court's original jurisdiction to resolve still-pending claims
under conditions deemed proper by the court. The Court today does not
address respondents' argument that the and motions in this case
fell within the District Court's ancillary-enforcement jurisdiction. See
Brief for Respondents 26.
10 JULES v. ANDRE BALAZS PROPERTIES

Opinion of the Court

claims filed in federal court, and the federal court has juris-
diction to resolve disputes over that private settlement and
embody the settlement in a court order resolving the case.
The FAA's structure further confirms jurisdiction here.
This Court recently considered "whether permits a court
to dismiss [a] case instead of issuing a stay when the dis-
pute is subject to arbitration and a party requests a stay
pending arbitration." Smith v. Spizzirri, 
(2024). Given that dictates that courts in this situation
" 'shall... stay'" proceedings, the Court easily concluded
that "a stay," not dismissal, "is required." Id., at 476 -- 477.
This conclusion, the Court emphasized, "comport[ed] with
the supervisory role that the FAA envisions for the courts,"
which includes "assist[ing] parties in arbitration by... ap-
pointing an arbitrator, see 9 U. S. C. ; enforcing subpoe-
nas..., see ; and facilitating recovery on an arbitral
award, see." Id., at 478. "Keeping [a] suit on the court's
docket makes good sense in light of this potential ongoing
role, and it avoids costs and complications that might arise
if a party were required to bring a new suit and pay a new
filing fee to invoke the FAA's procedural protections." Ibid.
Under the rule the Court adopts today, this scheme con-
tinues to work well: The FAA requires a stay, rather than
dismissal, so that a court that has granted a stay can
superintend the arbitration to the end, including through
confirmation or vacatur. On Jules's theory, however, things
would fall apart. Without an independent jurisdictional ba-
sis (like complete diversity and more than $75,000 at stake)
on the face of a,, or motion, Jules concedes that
a court that grants a mandatory stay has little to do but
wait until the arbitration concludes and, finally, dismiss
the claims. It would be curious for to mandate keeping
cases on federal dockets for essentially no reason at all in
the cases where federal interests are likely at their highest:
those, like this one, involving live federal questions. More
plausibly, a court that grants a stay retains jurisdiction
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

to see the case through and provide the FAA's "procedural
protections" along the way. Ibid.
III
Jules's remaining counterarguments are without merit.
First, and primarily, he points to Badgerow. In his view,
Badgerow makes clear that the FAA is a "reticulated"
framework whose "text," alone, governs federal jurisdiction
over FAA disputes and requires an independent jurisdic-
tional basis for all and motions. Reply Brief 1 -- 2. As
explained, however, this overreads Badgerow, which no-
where converted the "nonjurisdictional" FAA, Vaden, 556
U. S., at 59, into a "reticulated" jurisdictional scheme. The
problem for the losing party in Badgerow was that, without
the look-through approach authorized by, there was no
federal jurisdiction to be found in the case. See 596 U. S.,
at 9, 12. Because and did not provide a textual basis
for applying the look-through approach, the Court held that
it was not available. Id., at 14. Respondents here, to the
contrary, are not asking for any "highly unusual" look-
through rule. Id., at 12. Instead, the court in this case se-
cured federal jurisdiction, in one of the most usual ways im-
aginable, based on the federal claims Jules filed in federal
court under 28 U. S. C.. Respondents merely asked
the District Court to use the tools provided by the FAA to
finally resolve those claims. Nothing in Badgerow or the
FAA eliminates the District Court's jurisdiction to do so.3
Second, Jules disputes whether and applications
should really be considered motions in a pending case.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Jules focuses on Badgerow's observation that confirm-or-vacate dis-

putes like this one typically "involve only state law, like disagreements
about other contracts." 596 U. S., at 9. It is true that federal courts
ordinarily lack freestanding authority to adjudicate state-law claims.
See, e.g., Kokkonen, 511 U. S., at 378 -- 381. That has never prohibited
federal courts, however, from resolving disputes over, and giving force to,
private settlements when they resolve claims that are pending in federal
court. See id., at 381 -- 382; supra, at 9 -- 10.
12 JULES v. ANDRE BALAZS PROPERTIES

Opinion of the Court

Instead, he argues, they should be treated as entirely "new
federal actions" for purposes of assessing jurisdiction, even
when filed in pre-existing suits, because and of the
FAA require service and notice of such applications. Brief
for Petitioner 22 -- 23. This Court has explained, however,
that 's mandatory stay is aimed precisely at "avoid[ing]
[the] costs and complications" of "bring[ing] a new suit,"
Spizzirri, 601 U. S., at 478, and even Jules admits that nei-
ther service of process nor a whole new proceeding is always
necessary, see Reply Brief 6,. The service provisions in
and (the latter of which, governing service of mo-
tions, does not even mention "jurisdiction") do not impose
the strict jurisdictional rule Jules favors.
Third, Jules turns to of the FAA, which governs certain
maritime arbitrations. Section 8 provides that, when "the
basis of jurisdiction" is "in admiralty," a party may "begin
his proceeding... by libel and seizure of the vessel." Jules
notes that in such cases, also provides that "the court
shall then have jurisdiction to direct the parties to proceed
with the arbitration and shall retain jurisdiction to enter
its decree upon the award." To Jules, this shows that Con-
gress knew how to authorize the kind of "jurisdictional an-
chor" respondents seek here, yet declined to provide such a
basis for jurisdiction in or.
The Court disagrees. Section 8 merely instructs that, in
one class of admiralty cases where a plaintiff invokes in rem
jurisdiction over a vessel "as security for compliance with
any arbitral award," The Anaconda v. American Sugar Re-
fining Co., (1944), the court holding the
vessel must retain jurisdiction to confirm or vacate such
award. District courts would likely have jurisdiction over
such proceedings even without under 28 U. S. C.,
which provides "original jurisdiction" over admiralty cases.
It appears, then, that does little more than provide spe-
cific procedural rules governing how courts ought to handle
a distinct form of admiralty arbitration involving seized
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

vessels. It does not shed light on how jurisdiction, more
broadly, should function in other FAA disputes.
Finally, Jules resorts to policy. Allowing courts to exer-
cise jurisdiction in cases like this one, he worries, will en-
courage parties to "engage in useless federal litigation for
the sole purpose of creating a jurisdictional anchor" later
on, Brief for Petitioner 34, disrupting the " 'sensible... di-
vision of labor' " between state and federal courts that
Badgerow recognized, Brief for Petitioner 31. Even without such gamesmanship, he contin-
ues, respondents' rule will make federal jurisdiction turn on
the "happenstance" of whether one party to an arbitral dis-
pute filed a federal case before proceeding to arbitration.
Brief for Petitioner 14.
Setting aside that " '[i]t is not for this Court to employ un-
tethered notions of what might be good public policy to [de-
termine] our jurisdiction,' " Badgerow, 596 U. S., at 16,
Jules's policy arguments lack force on their own terms. For
one thing, his concerns about protective anchor suits are
conjectural. Even in courts that have long embraced
Badgerow's rule for freestanding and motions but
agree with the result the Court reaches today for pre-exist-
ing cases, Jules identifies no epidemic of useless filings clog-
ging up federal courts.4 That may be because filing a pre-
cautionary federal anchor suit runs a serious risk of
forfeiting the right to arbitrate. Cf. Morgan v. Sundance,
Inc., 418 -- 419 (2022). Or it may be
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The Seventh Circuit has embraced both rules since at least 1998. See

Baltimore & Ohio Chicago Terminal R. Co. v. Wisconsin Central Ltd.,
154 F. 3d 404, 407 (1998) (adopting today's result for pre-existing suits);
Minor v. Prudential Securities, Inc., 94 F. 3d 1103, 1106 -- 1107 (1996)
(adopting the Badgerow rule for freestanding actions). The Third Circuit
is similar. See Goldman v. Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., 834 F. 3d 242,
252 -- 255 (2016) (explaining that the Third Circuit has applied the
Badgerow rule for freestanding actions since at least 1994); Freeman v.
Pittsburgh Glass Works, LLC, 709 F. 3d 240, 246 (2013) (adopting today's
result for pre-existing suits).
14 JULES v. ANDRE BALAZS PROPERTIES

Opinion of the Court

because securing a postarbitration federal forum is not all
that valuable to parties who, on the front end, do not know
whether they will emerge from arbitration a winner or loser
and thus may not be able to tell which forum's law might
prove most advantageous. Either way, there is no evidence
suggesting that Jules's concerns about manufactured fed-
eral jurisdiction will come to pass. There thus seems to be
little risk that confirm-or-vacate litigation will flood federal
courts. The "typical FAA application" under and, af-
ter all, likely involves those who adhered to their arbitra-
tion agreements to begin with. Badgerow, 596 U. S., at 15.
Nor is it anomalous for federal jurisdiction to turn, at
least in part, on the happenstance of how litigation pro-
ceeded. "[A]ctual litigation" generally "define[s] the parties'
controversy," even if "events could have unfolded differ-
ently." Vaden, 556 U. S., at 68. "[A] party's ability to gain
adjudication... in federal court often depends on how that
question happens to have been presented." Ibid., ; see,
e.g., Kokkonen, 511 U. S., at 380 -- 382 (explaining that juris-
diction may depend on whether a court happened to "retain
jurisdiction" expressly over a settlement agreement).
In any event, even if Jules's policy concerns had some
merit, there are countervailing concerns on the other side.
Jules's rule would significantly diminish "the supervisory
role that the FAA envisions for the courts," Spizzirri, 601
U. S., at 478, by forcing them to stay proceedings under 
for essentially no reason in most cases. It would also un-
dermine the efficiency interests at the heart of the FAA by
forcing parties who were previously in federal court (often,
as here, against their wishes) to launch a fresh state-court
proceeding, complete with "a new filing fee," to secure con-
firmation or vacatur of an arbitral award. Ibid.; cf. Hall
Street, 552 U. S., at 588 (noting that -- 11 "substantiat[e]
a national policy favoring arbitration" by helping to "re-
solv[e] disputes straightaway").
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

Jules's approach could also lead to unnecessarily complex
dual-track litigation. Here, as is often the case when a 
stay is needed, the parties disputed not only whether the
arbitral award should be confirmed or vacated, but also
whether the dispute was arbitrable to begin with. See Pet.
App. 4a -- 5a. Because orders staying an action pending ar-
bitration under or compelling arbitration under can
generally be appealed only after final judgment, see,
such appeals will usually occur only after an arbitral award
issues and the claims pending in federal court are dis-
missed. That process neatly unfolded here: The same Dis-
trict Court that initially held Jules's claims to be arbitrable
later confirmed the resulting award and entered judgment;
then, both the arbitrability and confirmation issues went
up to the Second Circuit together. Under Jules's preferred
rule, however, confirm-or-vacate proceedings would likely
commence in state court just as the arbitrability appeal be-
gins in federal court. At that point, a state court may con-
firm an arbitral award on claims that a federal court of ap-
peals may ultimately hold were never properly subject to
arbitration in the first place.5 It is unclear why Congress
would have wanted wasteful, bifurcated, and possibly in-
consistent proceedings like that.
* * *
In Badgerow, the question was whether anything in or
of the FAA affirmatively authorized an unusual ap-
proach premising jurisdiction on claims never filed before
the court. Here, the question is instead whether there is
anything in the FAA that precludes the normal operation of

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 Alternatively, a district court seeking to avoid such bifurcated pro-

ceedings could continue holding the pending claims on its docket, pre-
cluding an appeal of the arbitrability issue, until the state-court confirm-
or-vacate proceedings conclude, possibly months (or years) later. There
is no apparent reason why Congress would have preferred these point-
less, extended stays to a simple consolidated proceeding and appeal.
16 JULES v. ANDRE BALAZS PROPERTIES

Opinion of the Court

federal jurisdiction regarding live claims that are still pend-
ing before a federal court. There is not. A federal court with
jurisdiction to stay claims pending arbitration under of
the FAA has the same jurisdiction to resolve motions to con-
firm or vacate a resulting arbitral award. The judgment of
the Court of Appeals, accordingly, is affirmed.
It is so ordered.

============================================================

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE KAGAN and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting.
Today, the Court vacates a District Court order enjoining
Alabama's 2023 Redistricting Plan and remands for recon-
sideration in light of the Court's new interpretation of of
the Voting Rights Act in Louisiana v. Callais, 608 U. S. ___
(2026). There is no reason to do so. In addition to holding
that Alabama's 2023 Redistricting Plan violates, the Dis-
trict Court held, in one of the three cases before this Court,
that Alabama violated the Fourteenth Amendment by in-
tentionally diluting the votes of Black voters in Alabama.
That constitutional finding of intentional discrimination is
independent of, and unaffected by, any of the legal issues
discussed in Callais. Vacatur is thus inappropriate and will
cause only confusion as Alabamians begin to vote in the
elections scheduled for next week. I respectfully dissent.
This is not the first time that this litigation has come be-
fore the Court. Following the 2020 census, Alabama redrew
its congressional districts. Plaintiffs then filed these three
cases, and a three-judge District Court preliminary en-
joined Alabama's first plan. This Court affirmed that in-
junction in Allen v. Milligan, (2023), holding
that Alabama violated of the Voting Rights Act, 52
U. S. C., when it adopted a congressional districting
plan that unlawfully diluted Black Alabamians' votes by
splitting them across multiple congressional districts. Id.,
at 9 -- 10. In doing so, this Court also affirmed the District
Court's order instructing Alabama to remedy this identified
racial discrimination by drawing a new map containing two
districts in which Black voters would have an opportunity
to elect a representative of their choice, commonly referred
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

to as "opportunity districts." See 782 F. Supp. 3d 1092,
1126 (ND Ala. 2025).
Then came round two, which is now before this Court.
Rather than draw a map with two opportunity districts, Al-
abama adopted the 2023 Redistricting Plan, which con-
tained just one. The District Court then held an 11-day
trial on a renewed challenge to the legality of this new map.
It heard testimony from 51 witnesses, received nearly 800
exhibits, and considered volume upon volume of written
submissions. At the end of that trial, the District Court
concluded "with great reluctance and dismay and even
greater restraint" that Alabama had not merely spurned
the opportunity to remedy past discrimination, but in fact
had intentionally violated the Fourteenth Amendment. Id.,
at 1118.
In a 268-page opinion, the District Court explained that
the enormous record was "replete with sharp departures
from (and some outright conflicts with) Alabama's tradi-
tional districting guidelines," as the State fashioned redis-
tricting criteria from whole cloth that it had never previ-
ously employed. Id., at 1343; see id., at 1343 -- 1344. The
State, the District Court said, had also conjured legislative
findings out of "thin air," id., at 1345, in "the dead of night,"
id., at 1117, that "exalt[ed]" certain White communities
while "remaining silent on the heritage of all other commu-
nities of interest in Alabama (including the Black Belt)," id.,
at 1344. The District Court observed that the result of this
tortured legislative process was a precisely engineered set
of redistricting rules and criteria that made it "mathemati-
cally impossible to create a second opportunity district."
Id., at 1340; see id., at 1356 -- 1357. In short, the record
showed that Alabama made an intentional choice to perpet-
uate and entrench, rather than remedy and uproot, the ra-
cial discrimination that the District Court had previously
found and that this Court had affirmed. The District Court
thus permanently enjoined Alabama's 2023 Redistricting
4 ALLEN v. CASTER

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Plan and instituted a remedial map drawn without any ref-
erence to race.
Nothing in the District Court's Fourteenth Amendment
analysis is affected by this Court's opinion in Callais. Most
obviously, Callais changed the legal standard for vote-dilu-
tion claims under. See 608 U. S., at ___ 
("[W]e must understand exactly what of the Voting
Rights Act demands"). It said not a word about the stand-
ard for Fourteenth Amendment intentional-discrimination
claims like the one that the District Court decided on re-
mand in round two.
Callais also insisted that this Court's prior decision in Al-
len remains good law. See id., at ___ ("[W]e
have not overruled Allen"). These cases are, of course, Al-
len. So if Allen is good law anywhere, then it must be good
law here. This Court's finding of racially discriminatory
vote dilution is an inextricable, permanent feature of this
case, and Alabama's willful decision to respond by en-
trenching rather than remedying that dilution is, as the
District Court correctly recognized, evidence of discrimina-
tory intent.
Even if Callais had something to say about the evidence
necessary to establish discriminatory intent, it still would
not be appropriate to vacate the decision below at this time.
That is because Alabama's congressional primary election
is next week, and vacating the District Court's injunction
will immediately replace the current map with Alabama's
2023 Redistricting Plan until the District Court acts, even
though voting has already begun. Vacatur is an equitable
remedy, and the Court should not lightly wield it to unleash
chaos and to confuse voters. See U. S. Bancorp Mortgage
Co. v. Bonner Mall Partnership, (1994)
("[W]hen federal courts contemplate equitable relief " like
vacatur, they "must also take account of the public inter-
est").
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

If the Court must act now, it should at least affirm the
District Court's order as to the finding of intentional dis-
crimination in Allen v. Milligan. Factual findings like dis-
criminatory intent are reviewed for clear error, meaning
that if a district court's factual determination is " 'plausible'
in light of the full record," then that determination "must
govern." Cooper v. Harris, (2017) (quot-
ing Anderson v. Bessemer City, (1985)).
On this record, the District Court's finding of discrimina-
tory intent, resulting from a comprehensive examination of
Alabama's transparent, intentional attempt to limit Black
voting power despite this Court's earlier decision in Allen,
is more than plausible. It is further bolstered by the Dis-
trict Court's thoughtful consideration of the role partisan
interests may have played in the redistricting process and
extensive discussion of the presumption of legislative good
faith. See, e.g., 782 F. Supp. 3d, at 1117, 1346 (considering
the record in "extreme service of the presumption of legis-
lative good faith" but ultimately concluding that, if "this
record is insufficient to rebut the strong presumption of leg-
islative good faith," then it is unlikely that "the presump-
tion is ever rebuttable").
* * *
The Court today unceremoniously discards the District
Court's meticulously documented and supported discrimi-
natory-intent finding and careful remedial order without
any sound basis for doing so and without regard for the con-
fusion that will surely ensue. As with all vacaturs of this
kind from this Court, the District Court remains free on re-
mand to decide for itself whether Callais has any bearing
on its Fourteenth Amendment analysis or if its prior rea-
soning is unaffected by that decision.

============================================================

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR delivered the opinion of the Court.
Under 28 U. S. C. (1), a party sued in state court
who prefers to proceed in federal court generally has 30
days after receiving notice of the state-court action to re-
move the lawsuit to federal court (if there are grounds for
doing so). In this case, petitioners (collectively Enbridge)
unquestionably did not meet (1)'s 30-day deadline,
instead waiting 887 days after being served with the Mich-
igan Attorney General's state-court complaint before re-
moving the case to federal court. Enbridge argues that the
District Court nevertheless had equitable discretion to toll
(1)'s deadline and excuse this late filing. This
Court disagrees. Because (1)'s text, structure, and
context are inconsistent with equitable tolling, Enbridge's
removal was untimely and remand to the Michigan state
court is required.
2 ENBRIDGE ENERGY, LP v. NESSEL

Opinion of the Court

I
A
The right to remove a lawsuit from state to federal court
"is entirely a creature of statute[,] and 'a suit commenced in
a state court must remain there until cause is shown for its
transfer under some act of Congress.' " Syngenta Crop Pro-
tection, Inc. v. Henson, (2002). Congress
provided one such basis for removal in, which au-
thorizes removal if a civil action "brought in a State court"
is one over "which the district courts of the United States
have original jurisdiction." For example, if a plaintiff sues
in state court bringing federal claims or if the plaintiff and
defendant are from different States and there is a sufficient
amount in controversy, the defendant may remove to fed-
eral court. See, 1332(a).
For defendants seeking to remove under, the
procedures for doing so are largely set forth in. Key
here as to timing, the "notice of removal of a civil action or
proceeding shall be filed within 30 days after the receipt" of
the "initial pleading" in that action, "or within 30 days after
the service of summons upon the defendant[,]... whichever
period is shorter.". This 30-day default rule is
subject to several exceptions in and elsewhere. Sec-
tion 1446(b)(3), for instance, extends the 30-day deadline if
an initial pleading did not provide a basis for removal but
it is later "ascertained that the case is one which is or has
become removable." As detailed below, this rule, in turn, is
subject to an exception (which itself has yet another excep-
tion). (1); see infra, at 8. Outside of itself,
Congress has also allowed later removal, for cause shown,
in specific scenarios. See, e.g., (suits against for-
eign states); (1) (certain suits involving mass acci-
dents with more than 75 fatalities); (2) (certain
suits involving intellectual property); see also (re-
moval of criminal actions).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

After a case is removed, any motion to remand the case
to state court must be filed within 30 days of the notice of
removal.. An order remanding a case generally "is
not reviewable on appeal or otherwise.".
B
Enbridge1 owns and operates the 645-mile-long Line 5
pipeline, which runs from northwestern Wisconsin through
Michigan and into Canada. Line 5 is part of a pipeline net-
work that transports petroleum products to refineries
across the Midwestern United States, Ontario, and Quebec.
Between Michigan's Upper and Lower Peninsulas, a 4-mile
strip of Line 5 traverses the Straits of Mackinac pursuant
to a 1953 easement granted to Enbridge's predecessor by
the State of Michigan, which has long owned the Strait's
bottomlands.
On June 27, 2019, the Michigan Attorney General filed
this lawsuit in Michigan state court, seeking to halt
Enbridge's operation of Line 5. She alleged that the 1953
easement is void and that Enbridge's operations violate
Michigan law, given the risk of an oil spill from the pipeline.
On July 12, 2019, the Attorney General served Enbridge
with a complaint. Over the following months, Enbridge did
not remove the case to federal court and instead briefed
cross-motions for summary disposition and participated in
oral argument on those motions, all in state court.
Enbridge argued, among other things, that the state-law
claims against it were preempted by federal law.
On November 13, 2020, more than a year after Enbridge's
30-day deadline to remove had lapsed, Michigan Governor
Gretchen Whitmer issued a notice of revocation of the 1953
easement, calling for Line 5 to be shut down. At the same
time, the Governor filed a separate lawsuit in Michigan
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Petitioners are Enbridge Energy, LP, Enbridge Energy Co., Inc., and

Enbridge Energy Partners, L.P. For simplicity, the Court refers to them
together as Enbridge.
4 ENBRIDGE ENERGY, LP v. NESSEL

Opinion of the Court

state court against Enbridge to enforce the notice, bringing
state-law claims very similar to those in the Attorney Gen-
eral's lawsuit. Instead of litigating the Governor's suit in
state court, Enbridge timely removed that action to federal
court, arguing that the Federal District Court had jurisdic-
tion under because the case involved a substantial
federal question. See Grable & Sons Metal Products, Inc. v.
Darue Engineering & Mfg., (2005) (rec-
ognizing a limited category of state-law claims that support
federal-question jurisdiction because they necessarily raise
substantial questions of federal law). Enbridge did not re-
move the Attorney General's suit at that time; instead, the
parties agreed to hold the Attorney General's case (that is,
this case) in abeyance while federal proceedings progressed
in the Governor's suit.
The Governor moved to remand her case to state court,
arguing that the case did not raise a significant federal is-
sue. Soon after, the Government of Canada submitted ami-
cus filings arguing that shutting down Line 5 would impli-
cate a 1977 treaty between Canada and the United States
and impair foreign relations between the two countries. On
November 16, 2021, the District Court denied the Gover-
nor's motion to remand, concluding that federal-question
jurisdiction was satisfied because the claims necessarily
implicated substantial federal questions under two federal
statutes and the 1977 treaty. The Governor voluntarily dis-
missed her lawsuit not long after that ruling.2
On December 15, 2021, following the District Court's fa-
vorable remand ruling in the Governor's suit, Enbridge re-
moved this action to federal court. At that point, 887 days
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Similar issues remain pending in another federal action. In Novem-

ber 2020, Enbridge sued the Governor seeking affirmative relief, and in
December 2025, the District Court granted summary judgment to
Enbridge, concluding that the Governor's efforts to shut down Line 5
were preempted. See Enbridge Energy, LP v. Whitmer, 2025 WL
3707609, *7 (WD Mich.).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

had elapsed from when Enbridge received the Attorney
General's complaint. The Attorney General moved to re-
mand, arguing, as relevant here, that removal was un-
timely under 's 30-day deadline. The District
Court denied the motion, holding that equitable principles
justified excusing Enbridge's untimely removal. It then cer-
tified its order denying remand for interlocutory appeal un-
der.
After accepting the interlocutory appeal, the Sixth Cir-
cuit reversed. 104 F. 4th 958 (2024). Enbridge, the Circuit
held, unquestionably missed the 30-day removal deadline.
As for the District Court's conclusion that (1)'s
deadline should be equitably tolled, the Circuit held that
although statutes of limitations are presumptively subject
to such tolling, several features of (1) and the over-
all removal scheme rebutted that presumption. Section
1446(b)(1) thus could not be equitably tolled, and the law-
suit had to be remanded to the Michigan state court.
Enbridge filed a timely petition for a writ of certiorari,
seeking review of the Sixth Circuit's holding that 
is not subject to equitable tolling. Other Courts of Appeals
have held that equitable tolling is available under
(1) in at least some circumstances. See Gillis v.
Louisiana, 294 F. 3d 755, 759 (CA5 2002); Loftin v. Rush,
767 F. 2d 800, 805 (CA11 1985). This Court granted certi-
orari to resolve the divide among the Courts of Appeals. (2025).
II
Enbridge's argument proceeds in three steps, each criti-
cal to prevailing here. First, it contends that (1)'s
30-day removal deadline is not jurisdictional. Second, be-
cause the deadline is nonjurisdictional, Enbridge argues
that it is presumptively subject to equitable tolling. Third,
according to Enbridge, nothing rebuts the presumption that
this deadline can be equitably tolled.
6 ENBRIDGE ENERGY, LP v. NESSEL

Opinion of the Court

At the first step, there is rightly no dispute. "No one con-
tends that [(1)] is jurisdictional," given that "it
'does not expressly refer to subject-matter jurisdiction or
speak in jurisdictional terms.' " McIntosh v. United States,
(2024); see 104 F. 4th, at 969 (explaining
why (1) is not jurisdictional). That much is crucial
for Enbridge's case, as "[j]urisdictional requirements can-
not be waived or forfeited, must be raised by courts
sua sponte, and, as relevant to this case, do not allow for
equitable exceptions." Boechler v. Commissioner, (2022). "The mere fact that a time limit lacks ju-
risdictional force, however, does not render it malleable in
every respect." Nutraceutical Corp. v. Lambert, (2019). Some nonjurisdictional rules remain
"mandatory" and "are not susceptible of the equitable ap-
proach" that Enbridge urges. Ibid.
That brings us to steps two and three in Enbridge's argu-
ment. The Attorney General argues that, at each step,
Enbridge confronts an independent reason why (1),
though nonjurisdictional, is not subject to equitable tolling.
First, she disagrees that any presumption of equitable toll-
ing applies to (1). This Court "ha[s] only applied
[the presumption of equitable tolling] to statutes of limita-
tions." Lozano v. Montoya Alvarez, -- 14
(2014); see Hallstrom v. Tillamook County, 
(1989). According to the Attorney General, (1) is
not a statute of limitations because it does not "extinguis[h]
a tardy claim (the function of a statute of limitations)," Arel-
lano v. McDonough, (2023), and instead ad-
dresses "a forum issue that arises only after a claim for re-
lief has been brought." Brief for Respondent 28; see Young
v. United States, (2002) (explaining that a
limitations period "prescribes a period within which certain
rights... may be enforced"). Second, the Attorney General
argues that even if (1) is a statute of limitations to
which the presumption of equitable tolling applies, the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

presumption is rebutted here because such tolling conflicts
with (1)'s text, structure, and context.
As in prior cases, the Court need not parse whether
(1) qualifies as a statute of limitations subject to a
presumption of equitable tolling because the result, even if
the presumption applies, "is straightforward." Arellano,
598 U. S., at 7; see United States v. Brockamp, (1997). "The presumption is rebutted if 'there [is]
good reason to believe that Congress did not want the equi-
table tolling doctrine to apply.' " Arellano, 598 U. S., at 7. Here, the kinds of evidence the
Court generally considers on this question shows that Con-
gress did not want (1) to be equitably tolled.
Starting with the text of (1), this provision
speaks in strict, mandatory terms. It requires that a notice
of removal "shall be filed within 30 days" of the defendant
receiving either a complaint or summons, "whichever pe-
riod is shorter." To be sure, this kind of mandatory lan-
guage is not sufficient, on its own, to rebut the presumption
of equitable tolling. See, e.g., United States v. Kwai Fun
Wong, -- 411, 420 (2015) (deadline stating
that claim " 'shall be forever barred' " was subject to equita-
ble tolling). The strict phrasing of (1), however, is
at least consistent with treating its deadline as mandatory
and not subject to equitable tolling. Cf. Boechler, 596 U. S.,
at 204, 211 (concluding that equitable tolling applied to a
provision that merely set the deadline by which a person
" 'may' " file a petition with the Tax Court).
More important, and decisive here, is (1)'s struc-
ture. This Court has repeatedly held that an "explicit list-
ing of exceptions," set forth in a detailed manner, strongly
indicates "that Congress did not intend courts to read other
unmentioned, open-ended, 'equitable' exceptions into the
statute that it wrote." Brockamp, 519 U. S., at 352; see, e.g.,
Arellano, 598 U. S., at 7. That is because "[i]t would be in-
consistent with [a] comprehensive scheme" that includes a
8 ENBRIDGE ENERGY, LP v. NESSEL

Opinion of the Court

default deadline and several exceptions "to extend [the
deadline] still further through the doctrine of equitable toll-
ing," outside of those specified exceptions. Arellano, 598
U. S., at 7. This "structural inference" is "heighten[ed],"
moreover, if the "specific exceptions" at issue already "re-
flect equitable considerations." Id., at 9.
That is exactly the case here. Within itself, Con-
gress provided that the ordinary 30-day deadline does not
apply when a case at first appears unremovable, but a later
"pleading, motion, order or other paper" reveals that it is
(or has become) removable. (3). In that case, the
defendant has another 30 days to remove from "receipt" of
the paper "from which it may first be ascertained that the
case is... removable." Ibid. This extension is limited, how-
ever, if the basis for removal is diversity of citizenship.
Such "[a] case may not be removed under subsection (b)(3)... more than 1 year after commencement of the action, un-
less the district court finds that the plaintiff has acted in
bad faith in order to prevent a defendant from removing the
action." (1).
This highly detailed scheme matters for at least two rea-
sons. First, the "ascertain[ment]" provision in (3)
functions much like a discovery rule, giving defendants ex-
tra time to remove after the date on which they learned or
should have learned that a case was removable. In doing
so, Congress "has already effectively allowed for equitable
tolling" in this one respect but not others, which cuts
against the availability of broader tolling. United States v.
Beggerly, (1998). Second, in creating the
"bad faith" exception to (1)'s 1-year bar in diversity
cases, Congress specifically "accounted for equitable fac-
tors," by providing additional time for removal, in a way
that would be superfluous if (1) already broadly
provided for equitable tolling in all cases. Arellano, 598
U. S., at 10.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

Exceptions to (1)'s 30-day deadline outside of
drive home the point. For actions against foreign
states, Congress specifically allowed "the time limitations
of section 1446(b)... [to] be enlarged at any time for cause
shown.". So too for actions involving certain in-
tellectual-property rights. See (2). For certain
cases involving fatal accidents, removal generally "shall be
made in accordance with section 1446... except that," as
to timing, an action may be removed "at a later time with
leave of the district court." (1). Each of these pro-
visions explicitly incorporates (1)'s time limit but
modifies it to allow equitable, case-specific exceptions.
Each provision would be inexplicable and unnecessary,
however, if Congress already understood (1) to con-
tain a cross-cutting rule allowing equitable tolling.
Stepping beyond the removal of civil cases, Congress's
treatment of removal in criminal proceedings provides ad-
ditional confirmation that Congress did not want equitable
tolling under (1). Under (1), a criminal de-
fendant with a removable case must generally remove
within "30 days after the arraignment in the State court,"
but "for good cause shown [a court] may... gran[t] the de-
fendant or defendants leave to file the notice at a later
time." In criminal cases, Congress thus did grant federal
courts a broad, generally applicable power to allow late re-
movals. For civil cases, by contrast, Congress did not pro-
vide courts with a similar general power to extend the 30-
day removal deadline. Instead, through the limited excep-
tions discussed above, Congress specified the cases in which
it wanted to authorize equitable tolling. Enbridge's position
would eliminate the variation between these two removal
contexts, but "[w]hen Congress includes particular lan-
guage in one section of a statute but omits it from a neigh-
bor, we normally understand that difference in language to
convey a difference in meaning." Bittner v. United States,
(2023).
10 ENBRIDGE ENERGY, LP v. NESSEL

Opinion of the Court

Finally, and to "garnish an already solid argument," "the
nature of the subject matter" here underscores the unavail-
ability of equitable tolling. Arellano, 598 U. S., at 14; see
Brockamp, 519 U. S., at 352. The federal civil removal stat-
utes have an "obvious concern with efficiency," BP p.l.c. v.
Mayor and City Council of Baltimore, 
(2021), and a "general interest in avoiding prolonged litiga-
tion on threshold nonmerits questions," Powerex Corp. v.
Reliant Energy Services, Inc., (2007).
That is reflected not only in the short deadline for removal
itself, but also in the strict 30-day deadline for seeking re-
mand of a removed action, and the default rule
that remand orders are not appealable, ; see
Kircher v. Putnam Funds Trust, -- 642
(2006) (explaining that this interest in efficiency and final-
ity necessarily sacrifices some measure of accuracy).
Allowing equitable tolling of (1)'s deadline would
undermine Congress's manifest interest in resolving
threshold removal questions early and conclusively. Under
the rule the Court adopts today, plaintiffs that sue in state
court usually can be confident that, after (1)'s dead-
line has elapsed, the forum question has been put to rest
and the case will proceed in the chosen court. Under the
rule Enbridge favors, to the contrary, the possibility of a
late removal would hang over a case, generating uncer-
tainty and risking significant waste of resources in one fo-
rum before a possible belated removal to another. Cf.
Beggerly, 524 U. S., at 49 (holding equitable tolling unavail-
able based in part on the "cloud of uncertainty" such tolling
would produce, in a context where "certainty" was of "spe-
cial importance"). Because Enbridge's approach would up-
set the "balance struck by Congress" in the removal stat-
utes, Hallstrom, 493 U. S., at 30, these underlying concerns
provide yet another reason to conclude that equitable toll-
ing is not available under (1).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

III
Enbridge's counterarguments are not persuasive. It
starts by attempting to raise the bar for rebutting the pre-
sumption of equitable tolling. In its view, it is not enough
to show that tolling is inconsistent with the overall statu-
tory scheme; the question is instead whether Congress has
provided the " 'clearest command' " that equitable tolling
should not apply. Brief for Petitioners 32 ). This Court, however,
has never applied such a requirement in this context, and
doing so would conflict with the Court's repeated holdings
that the presumption has been rebutted where "Congress's
choice is evident," Arellano, 598 U. S., at 14, where tolling
would be "inconsistent with the text of the relevant stat-
ute," Beggerly, 524 U. S., at 48, and where there is "good
reason to believe that Congress did not want the equitable
tolling doctrine to apply," Brockamp, 519 U. S., at 350.
None of these decisions required the "clearest command"
that Enbridge demands. They simply looked to text, struc-
ture, and context and asked if there were "good reasons" to
conclude that tolling should not be available.3 As discussed
above, such reasons are present here.
On the text of (1), Enbridge argues that the 30-
day deadline is short and focused on litigants' conduct, not
courts' authority, which (according to Enbridge) makes it
akin to other provisions the Court has held subject to equi-
table tolling. See, e.g., Boechler, 596 U. S., at 209. This
Court, however, has found other deadlines that speak at
least in part to a litigant's conduct, and with even shorter
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Enbridge relies heavily on this Court's use of the "clearest command"

language in Holland v. Florida, (2010), but Holland used
that language to explain why the presumption was "reinforced" in that
case: The Court will not read a statute to " 'displace' " the " 'equitable
principles' [that] have traditionally 'governed' the substantive law of ha-
beas corpus... absent the 'clearest command.' " Id., at 646. That is a
different issue than displacing the presumption of equitable tolling.
12 ENBRIDGE ENERGY, LP v. NESSEL

Opinion of the Court

deadlines, not to be subject to equitable tolling when sur-
rounding context led to that conclusion. See, e.g.,
Brockamp, 519 U. S., at 351, 354 (claim had to " 'be filed by
the taxpayer' " within certain periods); cf. Nutraceutical,
586 U. S., at 191, 194 (similar, with 14-day window).4
Seeking to discount the many exceptions to (1)'s
deadline, Enbridge disputes whether they are really "excep-
tions" at all. As to (3), which applies to later-"as-
certained" removability, Enbridge argues it is more akin to
an accrual rule for a limitations period, which this Court
has distinguished from a true " 'exception[n].' " Holland,
560 U. S., at 647. Even if so, however, that would not ac-
count for the separate "bad faith" exception to the 1-year
deadline for diversity cases in (1).
Nor does Enbridge's rejoinder account for the many other
provisions, outside of, expressly allowing courts to
toll (1)'s 30-day deadline "for cause shown" and the
like. See supra, at 9. Enbridge labels these as "comprehen-
sive legislation targeting a particular area for reform," not
"exception[s] to Section 1446(b)." Reply Brief 16 -- 17; see id.,
at 16 -- 20. The problem is that, in the most important re-
spect, these statutes are not "comprehensive": They do not
set their own deadlines, but rely on (1) and modify
it. Critically, they often do so precisely to allow considera-
tion of the very same equitable factors that, on Enbridge's
theory, are already built into (1). Enbridge also
suggests that because these exceptions are located outside
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Enbridge tries to distinguish Brockamp on the ground that it set forth

its deadline in a "highly detailed technical manner." United States v.
Brockamp, (1997). It is unclear, however, that 28
U. S. C. (1), with its two alternative deadlines, choice of which-
ever period is "shorter," and many exceptions, is meaningfully less "de-
tailed" than the statute in Brockamp. 519 U. S., at 351 (discussing stat-
ute prohibiting claims for tax refunds " 'within 3 years from the time the
return was filed or 2 years from the time the tax was paid, whichever of
such periods expires the later, or if no return was filed... within 2 years
from the time the tax was paid' ").
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

of itself, they should carry less force. The Court, how-
ever, has already disapproved of such "[l]aser focu[s]" on a
single provision in isolation. Arellano, 598 U. S., at 12. In-
stead, courts must consider equitable tolling's "incon-
gruen[ce] with the statutory scheme" overall. Id., at 13.
The fact that the timing "scheme" here is set forth in provi-
sions that extend beyond is not a meaningful differ-
ence from Arellano.
Enbridge also attempts to distinguish this case from Arel-
lano on the ground that the timing rule at issue in Arellano
had 16 distinct exceptions while (1) has fewer, and
points out that this Court has found equitable tolling to ap-
ply even when a deadline has an explicit exception. See,
e.g., Holland, 560 U. S., at 647 -- 648. Enbridge is correct on
the numbers, but this inquiry is not a mere counting exer-
cise. In Holland, the key point was not that there was only
one exception. It was that the exception at issue (tolling the
time for seeking federal habeas relief while an application
for state postconviction relief is pending) was "easily ex-
plained" by a "special need for an express provision" ac-
counting for state-court litigation, which "undermine[d]"
any inference that Congress did not intend for equitable
tolling more broadly to apply. Id., at 648; see Young, 535
U. S., at 53 (similar). Here, to the contrary, Enbridge can-
not identify any sensible reason why Congress would have
adopted so many express, specific equitable exceptions to
(1) if equitable tolling was already available for be-
lated removals across the board.
Finally, Enbridge points to 's 30-day deadline for
motions to remand, which does not apply if a court lacks
subject-matter jurisdiction. As Enbridge sees it, Congress's
requirement of remand even outside of the 30-day deadline
for lack of subject-matter jurisdiction, but not for other de-
fects like untimeliness, suggests that Congress intended to
treat untimeliness less harshly than the lack of jurisdiction,
including by allowing equitable tolling. Enbridge's
14 ENBRIDGE ENERGY, LP v. NESSEL

Opinion of the Court

conclusion does not follow from its premises. Section
1447(c) reflects the unique stringency that applies to juris-
dictional rules, which "cannot be waived or forfeited."
Boechler, 596 U. S., at 203; cf. Nutraceutical, 586 U. S., at
192 (explaining that even "mandatory" rules not subject to
equitable tolling may be "subject to waiver and forfeiture").
As explained above, however, not all nonjurisdictional rules
can be equitably tolled. See supra, at 6. The fact that
requires remand at any time for jurisdictional de-
fects, but not for nonjurisdictional defects like untimeli-
ness, therefore in no way implies the availability of equita-
ble tolling.5
IV
Assuming (1) is a statute of limitations and is
therefore subject to the presumption of equitable tolling,
the statute's text, structure, and surrounding context pro-
vide good reason to find the presumption rebutted. Accord-
ingly, (1)'s 30-day deadline cannot be equitably
tolled. The Court of Appeals therefore correctly held that
Enbridge's notice of removal was untimely and that this ac-
tion must be remanded to the Michigan state court. The
judgment of the Court of Appeals is affirmed.
It is so ordered.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The Court resolves only the applicability of equitable tolling to

(1), and does not resolve the applicability of other equitable doc-
trines like waiver, forfeiture, and estoppel.

============================================================

Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

Statement of SOTOMAYOR, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
SAMANTHA ESTEFENIA FRANCISCO CASTRO v.
JOSE LEONARDO BRITO GUEVARA
ON PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED
STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
No. 25 -- 666. Decided April 20, 2026

The petition for a writ of certiorari is denied.
Statement of JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR respecting the denial
of certiorari.
The Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of Interna-
tional Child Abduction was adopted "in response to the
problem of international child abductions during domestic
disputes." Abbott v. Abbott, (2010). When one
parent "abducts a child and flees to another country," the
Convention "generally requires that country to return the
child immediately if the other parent requests return
within one year." Lozano v. Montoya Alvarez, (2014). If, however, the request is filed more than one
year after the abduction, then under the "well-settled de-
fense," the child may be permitted to remain in the new
country if " 'it is demonstrated that the child is now settled
in [his or her] new environment,' " id., at 5.
This case concerns A. F., a child born in Venezuela to pe-
titioner and respondent. In 2021, when A. F. was three
years old, petitioner took A.F. without respondent's consent
and left Venezuela for the United States. Respondent im-
mediately sought her return through Venezuelan and U. S.
authorities, but did not file this lawsuit until 2023. The
District Court found that A. F. was well settled in the
United States and should not be returned to Venezuela.
The Fifth Circuit reversed and ordered A. F. to be returned.
Petitioner then sought an emergency stay from this Court
pending disposition of this petition for certiorari, arguing
2 FRANCISCO CASTRO v. BRITO GUEVARA

Statement of SOTOMAYOR, J.

that a stay was necessary to preserve the status quo to al-
low this Court to review an important issue that has
divided the courts of appeals. The Court denied the appli-
cation in November 2025 over two noted dissents, including
mine. See 607 U. S. ___.
Petitioner now asks this Court to address a narrow ques-
tion: What standard of review should a court of appeals ap-
ply when reviewing a district court's finding of whether a
child is well settled in a new environment? The Fifth Cir-
cuit held in this case that such findings are primarily legal
in nature, and thus should be reviewed de novo. 155 F. 4th,
at 361 -- 363. As the Fifth Circuit acknowledged, its decision
deepened an entrenched split among the Federal Courts of
Appeals. Id., at 363,. At least three Circuits agree
with the Fifth Circuit's position and have applied de novo
review. See Alcala v. Hernandez, 826 F. 3d 161, 171, 
(CA4 2016); In re B. Del C. S. B., 559 F. 3d 999, 1008 (CA9
2009); see also Lomanto v. Agbelusi, 2024 WL 3342415, *2
(CA2, July 9, 2024) (applying de novo review). Two other
Circuits, however, treat these findings as primarily factual,
and thus review them for clear error. See Da Costa v. De
Lima, 94 F. 4th 174, 181 (CA1 2024); Cuenca v. Rojas, 99
F. 4th 1344, 1350 (CA11 2024).
This Circuit split warrants this Court's attention. When
Congress codified the Hague Convention, it expressly "rec-
ognize[d]... the need for uniform international interpreta-
tion of the Convention." 22 U. S. C. (3)(B). Con-
sistent with this congressional mandate, this Court
regularly grants review in Hague Convention cases to re-
solve Circuit splits. See, e.g., Golan v. Saada, and (2022); Monasky v. Taglieri, 
(2020); Lozano, 572 U. S., at 10; Abbott, 560 U. S., at 7.
The Court's review is also necessary because the decision
below may be erroneous. In Monasky, this Court held that
a District Court's finding that a child habitually resides in
a country (that is, whether the child is "at home" in that
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Statement of SOTOMAYOR, J.

country) is a primarily factual finding that turns on the to-
tality of the circumstances and must be reviewed for clear
error. 589 U. S., at 84. "Clear-error review," the Court ex-
plained, also "has a particular virtue in Hague Convention
cases" because it "speeds up appeals and thus serves the
Convention's premium on expedition." Ibid. Although this
Court has not previously addressed the test for when a child
is settled in a new environment, the lower courts have coa-
lesced around weighing as many as seven nondispositive
factors like the child's age, the stability and duration of the
child's residence, the child's attendance in school, the
child's friends and family in the area, the child's immigra-
tion status, and more. 155 F. 4th, at 360 -- 361 (listing seven
factors); accord, Alcala, 826 F. 3d, at 171; Lozano v. Alvarez,
697 F. 3d 41, 57 (CA2 2012), aff 'd on other grounds, ; In re B. Del C. S. B., 559 F. 3d, at 1009. This mul-
tifactor test is similar to the totality-of-the-circumstances
test for habitual residence that this Court adopted in
Monasky. See 155 F. 4th, at 369 -- 373 (Douglas, J., dissent-
ing). Moreover, whether a child is "at home" in one country
is the converse of whether the child has become "well set-
tled" in another country. See In re B. Del C. S. B., 559 F. 3d,
at 1008 (explaining that the two tests are "analogous"). As
a result, Monasky suggests that clear-error review also
should apply to a finding that a child is well settled.
Nevertheless, I concur in the denial of certiorari in this
case because it is not an appropriate vehicle for this Court's
review. After this Court denied the emergency stay appli-
cation, A. F. returned to Venezuela in January 2026. Even
if this Court were to grant the petition for certiorari now
and rule for petitioner next Term, A. F. likely would not re-
turn to the United States for over a year, if not longer, given
the Court's typical schedule for deciding cases and the pos-
sible need for further proceedings on remand. By that
point, the well-settled analysis would look very different.
Then, it would not be clear that returning to this country a
4 FRANCISCO CASTRO v. BRITO GUEVARA

Statement of SOTOMAYOR, J.

year from now would be in A. F.'s best interests. See Hague
Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child
Abduction, Mar. 26, 1986, T. I. A. S. No. 11670, S. Treaty
Doc. No. 99 -- 11, p. 7 (placing "paramount importance" on
"the interests of children"). Today, A. F. is eight years old,
and it could greatly disturb her formative years to uproot
her life yet again.
Had the Court granted a stay last fall, it would have pre-
vented all this potential disruption and maintained the pre-
suit status quo because A. F. could have stayed in the
United States pending the disposition of this case. The
Court should have done so: Preserving the presuit status
quo to enable later review by this Court of an issue worthy
of certiorari, after all, is a hallmark reason for this Court to
grant emergency interim relief. See, e.g., Whole Woman's
Health v. Jackson, 594 U. S. ___, ___ (2021) (ROBERTS, C. J.,
dissenting from denial of application for injunctive relief)
("I would grant preliminary relief to preserve
the status quo ante"). The Court chose otherwise, and the
predictable consequences have followed. I therefore concur
in the denial of certiorari in light of these changed circum-
stances and the Hague Convention's central emphasis on
the child's well-being.

============================================================

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE JACKSON joins,
dissenting from the denial of certiorari.
Petitioner James Skinner and his codefendant Michael
Wearry were both tried for the 1998 murder of Eric Walber
based on similar sets of evidence, which centered on the
same two eyewitness accounts. Wearry was convicted and
sentenced to death. Skinner, after his initial capital trial
ended with a hung jury, was convicted by an 11-to-1 vote
and sentenced to life in prison. In 2016, this Court vacated
Wearry's conviction because the prosecution in his case had
"[b]eyond doubt" violated its constitutional obligation to
disclose favorable evidence to him. Wearry v. Cain, (2016) (per curiam). Yet, Skinner remains
incarcerated -- and may remain incarcerated for the rest of
his life -- even though the prosecution failed to disclose the
same favorable evidence to him in connection with his case.
Because Skinner was subject to the same constitutional
violations that Wearry was (and more), he is entitled to the
same relief that Wearry received. The Louisiana courts de-
nied him that relief. Rather than leaving that injustice in
place, the Court should have granted certiorari to uphold
its obligations to ensure the supremacy of its own decisions
and to treat like defendants alike.
I
A
Eric Walber was murdered in April 1998. The case soon
went cold, but reopened nearly two years later when Sam
2 SKINNER v. LOUISIANA

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Scott, who was then incarcerated, contacted the police and
implicated Wearry in the killing. Id., at 386 -- 387.
Scott gave the police many significantly different ac-
counts of Walber's murder. At first, Scott denied any in-
volvement in the murder and did not implicate Skinner.
Ibid.; App. to Pet. for Cert. 19a -- 24a (App.). He also got
basic facts about the crime wrong, stating that Walber had
been shot (not true) and that the murder had taken place
on Blahut Road (it took place miles away, on Crisp Road).
See Wearry, 577 U. S., at 386 -- 387. As Scott kept talking
with the police, he continued to "chang[e] his account of the
crime over the course of four later statements, each of which
differed from the others in material ways." Id., at 387. Ul-
timately, Scott settled on a story that became the center-
piece of both Wearry's and Skinner's trials.
At Skinner's trial,1 Scott testified to the following series
of events. On the day of Walber's murder, Wearry, Scott, a
man named Randy Hutchinson, and two others (not includ-
ing Skinner) were shooting dice on the side of the road when
Walber drove by in a small hatchback Ford Focus. Wearry
was losing, and decided to rob Walber. Wearry and
Hutchinson then ran into the street to stop Walber's car;
Hutchinson pulled Walber out, beat him, and shoved him
into the cargo area of Walber's car; and all five men piled
into that car and drove off with Walber. The group then
drove around, occasionally stopping for Hutchinson to re-
move Walber from the car, beat him, and shove him back
in. At one stop, they encountered Skinner and another
man: Eric Brown. Skinner then got into the driver's seat of
Walber's car and drove the group (now totaling seven men,
including Walber) in that car out to Crisp Road, with Brown
following in his own car. Once there, Wearry and
Hutchinson removed Walber from the car and everyone else
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 These facts come from Skinner's second trial after his first jury could

not reach a verdict. See Tr. in State v. Skinner, No. 15992.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

got out. Skinner then got back into the driver's seat and
ran Walber over, killing him. Scott admitted at trial that
he had changed his testimony many times since he first
came to the police, that he had often lied in doing so, and
that he was receiving a deal in exchange for his testimony.
Eric Brown was the State's only other eyewitness. Brown
testified that he and Skinner encountered Wearry and his
group on the day of the murder and that he and Skinner
followed the group to Crisp Road in Brown's car. Once
there, Brown said that Skinner got out of the car and told
Brown that he would catch up with him later. Brown said
he then drove away in his own car moments before Walber's
death, leaving Skinner with the group including Wearry,
Scott, and Hutchinson. Brown admitted at trial that he had
first told the police a different story, in which he identified
a different man as Wearry's accomplice and left Skinner out
of the story entirely. Brown also acknowledged that he was
serving a 15-year drug sentence at the time he testified.
Apart from Scott and Brown, the State elicited testimony
from two individuals who claimed Skinner had confessed to
the Walber murder. First, Ryan Stinson, who was briefly
Skinner's cellmate in jail, testified that Skinner had con-
fessed to a version of the crime much different from the one
in Scott's telling. According to Stinson, Skinner told him
that Skinner and Walber were driving in Walber's car alone
one day and that Skinner wanted Walber to pull over to
meet Skinner's friends, but that Walber refused. This an-
gered Skinner, so Skinner killed the engine, snatched the
keys, dragged Wearry out of the car with his friends, and
ran Walber over.2 Second, Raz Rogers, who was a longtime
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Stinson also claimed to have surreptitiously taken handwritten notes

of this confession (which the jurors reviewed at trial). These reflect yet
a different version of events: Walber was driving Skinner; Skinner
wanted to drive but Walber refused to let him; this "pissed [Skinner] off,"
and so Skinner coaxed Walber into driving to Crisp Road, where Skinner
and his friends killed Walber. App. to Brief in Opposition 93a -- 95a.
4 SKINNER v. LOUISIANA

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

friend of Skinner's, testified that he asked Skinner years
after the murder if he knew what had happened to Walber.
According to Rogers, Skinner responded that he and "some
[others] did that." Tr. 2597 -- 2598 (May 13, 2005).
In its closing, the State began by lauding Scott as a
"hero," whose "consci[ence]" and "gumption" were the key
reasons the case was solved. Tr. 2911 -- 2912 (May 14, 2005).
The State also claimed that "there's not been one single
shred of evidence to contradict the way Sam Scott says this
happened." Id., at 2914. As for Brown, the State touted his
testimony many times, emphasizing that he had acted self-
lessly and got "[n]othing" in return for his testimony. Ibid.
After discussing those two eyewitnesses at some length, the
closing then turned to Rogers and Stinson. As to Stinson,
the State acknowledged he was a "problem child," whose
testimony was "[a]bsolutely" "inconsistent with other
things [the jury had] heard." Id., at 2916. As to Rogers, the
prosecution emphasized that there was not "one shred of
evidence that Raz Rogers was involved" in the crime "in an-
yway." Id., at 2915.
Ultimately, the jury convicted Skinner by a vote of 11-to-
1, and Skinner was sentenced to life imprisonment without
the chance of parole.
B
Wearry also was convicted for his role in Walber's mur-
der; unlike Skinner, though, he was sentenced to death.
Wearry, 577 U. S., at 388. His trial looked much like Skin-
ner's. As with Skinner, the prosecution offered no physical
evidence of guilt. Scott was the State's "star witness." Id.,
at 387. Brown "corroborated" Scott's testimony, and the
State told the jury that Brown had " 'no deal on the table.' "
Id., at 387, 393. Although Wearry's trial featured no re-
ported confession, there was other evidence implicating
him. One witness placed Wearry in Walber's blood-stained
car on the night of the murder and later saw Wearry with
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Walber's class ring; another witness saw Wearry throwing
away a bottle of cologne that Walber had with him the night
of his murder; and jail employees testified that they heard
Wearry admit to being "a bystander when the crime oc-
curred." Id., at 388; see id., at 400 (ALITO, J., dissenting).
For Wearry, however, trial was not the end of the matter.
After Wearry's conviction became final, capital counsel rep-
resenting him in postconviction proceedings uncovered sig-
nificant evidence that the prosecution had not disclosed. As
this Court later held, that evidence "would have under-
mined the prosecution and materially aided Wearry's de-
fense at trial." Id., at 388 -- 389 (majority opinion).
As to Scott, undisclosed police records "cast doubt on [his]
credibility." Id., at 389. One of Scott's fellow prisoners re-
ported hearing Scott say that he "wanted to 'make sure
[Wearry] gets the needle cause he jacked over [Scott].'"
Ibid. Another prisoner told the police that he witnessed the
Walber murder, but later recanted and admitted that Scott
had both " 'told him what to say' " and "suggested that lying
about having witnessed the murder 'would help him get out
of jail.' " Id., at 389 -- 390.
Further, the State failed to turn over medical records re-
lating to Hutchinson that undermined Scott's testimony.
Recall, Scott testified that Hutchinson had run out into the
street, repeatedly hauled Walber in and out of the car, and
beat Walber; he also said Hutchinson crawled into the cargo
area of Walber's car after the murder. See id., at 390. The
medical records revealed, however, that about a week be-
fore the murder, Hutchinson had undergone major knee
surgery to repair a ruptured tendon. See ibid. According
to an expert, Hutchinson's surgically repaired knee "could
not have withstood running, bending, or lifting substantial
weight" by the time of Walber's murder, making Scott's ac-
count potentially physically impossible, and certainly
highly implausible. Ibid.; see id., at 393.
6 SKINNER v. LOUISIANA

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

As to Brown, undisclosed evidence belied the State's as-
sertions at trial that he sought no favors for his testimony.
Rather, according to those records, Brown "had twice
sought a deal to reduce his existing sentence in exchange
for" his testimony and police had told Brown "that they
would 'talk to the D. A. if he told the truth.'" Id., at 390.
In postconviction proceedings, Wearry argued that the
State's failure to disclose this favorable evidence violated
his due process rights under Brady v. Maryland, (1963). Although the Louisiana courts ruled against
him, this Court disagreed and summarily reversed.
As the Court saw things, it was "[b]eyond doubt" that "the
newly revealed evidence suffice[d] to undermine confidence
in Wearry's conviction." 577 U. S., at 392. "Scott's credibil-
ity, already impugned by his many inconsistent stories,
would have been further diminished" by the implausibility
of his account with respect to Hutchinson, the fact that he
"had coached another inmate to lie about the murder" to
"get out of jail," and the fact that his testimony was driven
by a desire to "settle a personal score." Id., at 393. To the
extent jurors found Scott more credible due to Brown's cor-
roborative testimony, moreover, those jurors "might have
thought differently" had they learned of Brown's undis-
closed possible benefit from his testimony. Id., at 394. It
was true that the State had also elicited other evidence at
trial; but "[e]ven if the jury... could have voted to convict
Wearry," the Court had " 'no confidence that [the jury]
would have done so.' " Ibid. (emphasis deleted). As a result,
the Court held that Wearry's due process rights were vio-
lated and his conviction could not stand. Id., at 396.
Today, due to a plea deal that Wearry and the State
reached after this Court's decision, Wearry not only is off
death row, he has been freed from prison.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

C
Skinner's postconviction path has found less success. Un-
like Wearry, Skinner did not receive capital counsel to as-
sist with postconviction proceedings. Instead, he proceeded
pro se in state and federal court and initially failed to secure
any relief. See State ex rel. Skinner v. State, 2009 -- 2043 (La.
8/18/10), 42 So. 3d 394; Skinner v. Cain, 2011 WL 2802859
(MD La., July 15, 2011). After this Court decided Wearry,
however, Skinner learned about the evidence withheld in
Wearry's case and was able to secure his own postconviction
counsel. Conducting a renewed investigation, Skinner's
counsel was then able to unearth yet additional withheld
evidence that, Skinner now argues, further weakened the
case against him.
First, Scott not only got several key parts of the story
wrong before landing on his ultimate trial narrative, but
according to Skinner, newly discovered police records also
showed that the police fed Scott information to shape his
story. See App. 19a, 25a. That included, for example, the
police telling Scott that the murder took place on Crisp
Road, not Blahut Road, where Scott had first erroneously
indicated.
Second, Skinner points to additional undisclosed evi-
dence that undermines Brown's testimony. In a police
statement, one of Brown's fellow prisoners told police that
Brown admitted to participating in the Walber carjacking,
but "was try[ing] to pin this crime on" Wearry and that
Brown thought the police "would believe him because he
ha[d] told on others befor[e]." Id., at 50a. Additional rec-
ords show that Brown had also identified, in a police photo
array, a man named Dashain Moore "as th[e] guy [he] saw
with Michael Wear[r]y... the same night that [Walber]
was killed." Id., at 36a -- 37a. Moore had been prosecuted
for a similar carjacking one month after Walber's murder,
during which Moore boasted that he "killed... the Walber
boy" and "didn't care if he killed" the second victim, too. Id.,
8 SKINNER v. LOUISIANA

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

at 79a -- 80a. At Moore's trial, in fact, the prosecution had
emphasized in closing that Moore had "ma[de] a statement
that he had killed [Walber]." Id., at 82a -- 83a. Finally, not
only did Brown ask for a deal in connection with his testi-
mony against Skinner and Wearry, as it turned out, soon
after Skinner's second trial, he received a sentence reduc-
tion to time served and had other charges against him in-
definitely continued. Id., at 56a -- 57a; Pet. for Cert. 13.
Third, as to Rogers, Skinner identifies a police note from
before trial showing an anonymous caller reporting that
"Raz [Rogers and another] confessed to 'someone' that they
murdered Eric Walber." App. 76a. This contradicted the
prosecution's statement that there was not "even one shred
of evidence that Raz Rogers was involved." Tr. 2915 (May
14, 2005). Moreover, although Rogers testified that he had
quit smoking marijuana years before Skinner's trial, prose-
cutors did not reveal to Skinner that, the night before Rog-
ers was set to testify, he was arrested for marijuana posses-
sion. App. 74a -- 75a; Pet. for Cert. 14 -- 15.
Fourth, Skinner argues that Stinson struck an undis-
closed deal with the prosecution involving his transfer to a
new prison. This was based on a pro se lawsuit Stinson filed
alleging that the prosecution agreed to such transfer in ex-
change for his testimony at Skinner's trial. See Reply to
Brief in Opposition 8 -- 9.
Fifth, Skinner identifies a series of police notes from the
Walber investigation identifying other individuals who (in
addition to Moore) confessed to the crime or may have been
involved. One reportedly was seen "beating Eric [Walber]
on Crisp Rd. the night of the murder," was then seen cov-
ered in "blood" the same night, later called police to ask "if
he was a prime suspect in the murder," and "boast[ed]" that
he had killed Walber. App. 85a, 88a -- 89a, 95a. Several
other individuals (a guidance counselor, probation officer,
and boy scout troop leader) told police that a different indi-
vidual had "been saying he killed" Walber, possibly in
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

concert with the first suspect who had called the police to
ask if he was being investigated. Id., at 91a -- 95a. None of
these suspects were ever disclosed to Skinner.
Armed with all this evidence, plus the Brady evidence
this Court had already found material and unlawfully with-
held in Wearry's case, Skinner filed a renewed application
for postconviction relief in Louisiana court. In June 2023,
the postconviction court denied relief. On Skinner's Brady
claim, the court held that "[t]he statements presented, on
their face, without further evidence of credibility, are not
sufficient to undermine confidence in the outcome of the
trial." App. 3a. Moreover, it held, "the Wear[r]y case is dis-
tinguishable enough from the instant case that its decision
does not compel this Court to follow suit." Ibid. The court,
however, gave no reason why the Brady claim in this case
was different from or any weaker than Wearry's.
The Louisiana Court of Appeal denied review, over one
dissent. The Louisiana Supreme Court also denied review,
with two justices dissenting. Justice Griffin wrote that she
would have granted Skinner a new trial in light of this
Court's decision in Wearry, finding "no legitimate basis to
treat the two co-defendants differently." Id., at 8a. This
petition followed.
II
The Court's decision in Wearry compels the conclusion
that the decision below cannot stand. Although this Court
usually declines to grant summary relief in fact-intensive
cases like this one, Wearry makes resolution of Skinner's
petition especially straightforward and important. Alter-
natively, if fuller briefing and oral argument were required
to explore the important question presented adequately,
the Court should have granted certiorari to do so, not de-
nied review.
10 SKINNER v. LOUISIANA

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

A
" '[T]he suppression by the prosecution of evidence favor-
able to an accused... violates due process where the evi-
dence is material either to guilt or to punishment, irrespec-
tive of the good faith or bad faith of the prosecution.' "
Wearry, 577 U. S., at 392.
"Favorable" evidence includes evidence that "undermin[es]
witness credibility." 577 U. S., at 392 ).
Evidence "qualifies as material when there is 'any rea-
sonable likelihood' it could have 'affected the judgment of
the jury.' " 577 U. S., at 392. The materiality standard
"does not require demonstration by a preponderance that
disclosure of the suppressed evidence would have resulted
ultimately in the defendant's acquittal"; it asks only
whether "in its absence [the defendant] received a fair trial,
understood as a trial resulting in a verdict worthy of confi-
dence." Kyles v. Whitley, (1995). This "is
not a sufficiency of the evidence test," and the defendant
"need not demonstrate that after discounting the inculpa-
tory evidence in light of the undisclosed evidence, there
would not have been enough left to convict." Id., at 434 -- 
435. Instead, the undisclosed evidence need only be suffi-
cient to "put the case in such a different light as to under-
mine confidence in the verdict." Id., at 435. In deciding
whether that is the case, the total effect of all the sup-
pressed evidence must be considered "collectively, not item
by item." Id., at 436.
B
Wearry requires reversal here. Like in Wearry, no physi-
cal evidence connected Skinner to the murder. In both
cases, Scott was the State's "star witness" and "hero," whose
account the State told the jury was indispensable to its case
and not contradicted by "one single shred of evidence."
Wearry, 577 U. S., at 387; Tr. 2911 -- 2913 (May 14, 2005).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Yet the State suppressed evidence showing that Scott's
story was likely physically impossible (given Hutchinson's
surgery), that Scott coached people to lie about Walber's
murder to get out of jail, and that Scott was testifying "to
settle a personal score" against Wearry. Wearry, 577 U. S.,
at 393. In both cases, Brown was the only other eyewitness,
whom the State announced would get "[n]othing" for his tes-
timony. Tr. 2914 (May 14, 2005). Again, suppressed evi-
dence showed that Brown was in fact motivated by the "pos-
sibility of a reduced sentence on an existing conviction."
Wearry, 577 U. S., at 394. Together, this suppressed evi-
dence sufficed to eliminate the Wearry Court's " 'confidence
that [the jury] would have' " voted to convict Wearry. Ibid.
(emphasis deleted). That alone requires reversal.
For Skinner, though, there is much more. To start, when
a "verdict is already of questionable validity, additional ev-
idence of relatively minor importance might be sufficient to
create a reasonable doubt" for Brady purposes. United
States v. Agurs, (1976). Unlike in
Wearry's case, Skinner's first trial ended with a hung jury,
and his second trial ended with a nonunanimous verdict.
Today, the latter would be unconstitutional under Ramos v.
Louisiana, (2020). In any event, non-unanim-
ity betrays a weaker case and can contribute to "concern[s]
about the reliability and accuracy of the jury's verdict."
Brown v. Louisiana, (1980); see Johnson
v. Louisiana, (1972) ("Of course, the
State's proof could perhaps be regarded as more certain if it
had convinced all 12 jurors").
With that in mind, the amount and significance of the ad-
ditional suppressed evidence here is staggering. Take the
two eyewitnesses first. Scott, for one, could have been fur-
ther undermined by evidence that the police developed his
(already "inconsistent") testimony for him. Wearry, 577
U. S., at 393; see, e.g., App. 25a. Brown, even more strik-
ingly, identified a man other than Skinner in a photo array
12 SKINNER v. LOUISIANA

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

as Wearry's sole accomplice; that man, moreover, bragged
about killing Walber while committing a separate carjack-
ing soon after Walber's death. App. 36a -- 37a, 79a -- 83a. Be-
sides identifying a highly plausible alternative suspect in
the Walber murder, the suppressed evidence could have
been used to attack Brown's continuously shifting stories
further. Brown, like Scott, also informed a fellow prisoner
that he intended to "pin th[e] crime on" Wearry. Id., at 50a.
Turn next to Rogers. The State failed to turn over evi-
dence that he had reportedly confessed to the Walber mur-
der, too -- in direct contradiction to the prosecution's boast
that there was not "one shred of evidence" connecting Rog-
ers to the crime "in anyway." Compare id., at 76a, with Tr.
2915 (May 14, 2005). Rogers also apparently lied on the
stand about his marijuana use, as evidenced by his undis-
closed mid-trial arrest on a marijuana charge. Knowing
about this arrest would have allowed Skinner to attack both
Rogers's truthfulness and his motive for testifying, given
his increased incentive to curry favor with the authorities.
As to the claimed Brady violations regarding Stinson, the
evidence is not as direct. Skinner points not to contempo-
raneous evidence of a deal, but rather Stinson's own claims,
several months after Skinner's trial, that the prosecution
promised to transfer him to another prison in exchange for
his testimony. Regardless, considered alongside all the
other withheld evidence in this case, and given the implau-
sible and inconsistent confession he reported, the possibil-
ity that Stinson testified with the expectation of securing
favorable treatment from the prosecution further supports
Skinner's case. See Wearry, 577 U. S., at 394.
Finally, there is significant evidence of other possible sus-
pects, even beyond the man Brown identified in the photo
array. One possible suspect repeatedly confessed, accord-
ing to three independent sources. Another was seen cov-
ered in blood the night of the murder, reportedly confessed,
and asked the police if he was a suspect.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Skinner's trial, in short, was plagued by piles of sup-
pressed evidence that his counsel easily could have used to
further undermine an already weak case against him. This
Court already held that a subset of that evidence sufficed to
find a Brady violation "[b]eyond doubt" for Skinner's code-
fendant. 577 U. S., at 392. Given that there is substan-
tially more undisclosed evidence at issue here, it is illogical
to deny Skinner's Brady claim now.
C
1
The State's attempt to defend the decision below does
nothing to change that conclusion.
Mostly, the State focuses on one fact: Unlike in Wearry's
case, here there was evidence, from Rogers and Stinson,
that Skinner confessed. As a result, the State argues, what-
ever suppressed evidence there might have been, it could
not have affected the jury's guilty verdict. This distinct fea-
ture of Skinner's case, however, does not bear the weight
the State demands of it.
To start, the State is factually wrong that "the core basis
for the jury's verdict" was Skinner's "confessions to murder-
ing Eric Walber." Brief in Opposition 15. The prosecution
implicitly recognized as much: Its closing argument over-
whelmingly focused on Scott (its "hero") and Brown ("the
other person who was out there that night and came for-
ward"). Tr. 2911 -- 2914. For Stinson, by contrast, the pros-
ecution's closing conceded that he was a "problem child"
whose testimony was "[a]bsolutely" "inconsistent with"
other testimony (such as Scott's and Brown's). Id., at 2916.
The prosecution also discussed Rogers only briefly in its
closing argument, likely because he provided almost no de-
tail on Skinner's role in the murder. That is not to mention
the additional possible ways that the defense could have
undermined Stinson's and Rogers's conflicting and thread-
bare testimony, if the additional Brady evidence that
14 SKINNER v. LOUISIANA

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

related to them (Stinson's alleged mid-trial transfer deal
and Rogers's undisclosed reported confession and mid-trial
marijuana arrest) had been properly disclosed. See supra,
at 8. The bottom line is that, contrary to the State's presen-
tation now, Scott and Brown (as in Wearry) were the heart
of the prosecution's case, while Stinson's and Rogers's in-
consistent and vague second-hand reports of confessions
were comparatively peripheral.
Even putting all of that to the side, the State's focus on
the confessions mistakes the Brady materiality standard
for a "sufficiency of the evidence test." Kyles, 514 U. S.,
at 434. The question is not, as the State asks, whether the
confessions here could "sustain the jury verdict," if there
was sufficient "independent evidence" to convict Skinner, or
if other evidence "provided firm ground for the jury's ver-
dict." E.g., Brief in Opposition i, 9, 18, 26. The question is
whether there is " 'any reasonable likelihood' [the undis-
closed evidence] could have 'affected the judgment of the
jury.' " Wearry, 577 U. S., at 392. That is why a Brady
claim can succeed "even if... the undisclosed information
may not have affected the jury's verdict." 577 U. S., at 392,. It is also part of the reason why Wearry was a clear
case even though the State also pointed to "independent ev-
idence" connecting Wearry to the murder. Id., at 393; see
id., at 388; id., at 400 (ALITO, J., dissenting) (collecting evi-
dence, including several witnesses who testified to seeing
Wearry in Walber's blood-spattered car the night of the
murder and jail guards who testified to Wearry admitting
to being present at the murder, contrary to Wearry's alibi).
Here too, even if a jury could have convicted Skinner after
considering all of the undisclosed evidence on which Skin-
ner now relies, the existing verdict plainly is not one "wor-
thy of confidence." Kyles, 514 U. S., at 434; see Wearry, 577
U. S., at 392 (finding it immaterial if the jury "could have"
convicted Wearry).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Beyond the confessions, the State offers little argument
that the undisclosed evidence here was immaterial. As to
much of the undisclosed evidence at issue, the State simply
says nothing at all. That includes: the Hutchinson evi-
dence, the evidence that Scott coached others to lie about
the Walber murder, the evidence about other suspects, the
evidence that Brown told another prisoner that he had it in
for Wearry, and more.
As to other evidence, the State says little more. It dis-
misses Rogers's reported confession as "not... serious,"
without explanation, Brief in Opposition 25, which is sur-
prising given the overwhelming value the State attributes
to other second-hand confessions, see supra, at 13 -- 14. The
State also suggests that it had no obligation to disclose evi-
dence of Rogers's mid-trial arrest on drug charges because
prosecutors (somehow) might not have heard about it. "But
'Brady suppression occurs when the government fails to
turn over even evidence that is known only to police... and
not to the prosecutor.' " Wearry, 577 U. S., at 393 -- 394, ;
see Kyles, 514 U. S., at 438 (rejecting similar argument by
Louisiana).3 Further, the State contends that Scott's state-
ment about wanting to " 'make sure [Wearry] gets the nee-
dle' " would not have mattered to Skinner's jury like it mat-
tered to Wearry's, appearing to suggest that it would have
shown only Scott's willingness to lie to get Wearry, not
Skinner, executed. To state this last argument is to refute
it. In all, nothing about the record here can leave the Court
confident that the outcome of trial was not affected by the
prosecution's nondisclosure of favorable evidence.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The State also argues that this evidence is not material because Rog-

ers was caught on Crisp Road, which "corroborat[ed]" his other testimony
that he and Skinner used to smoke together on Crisp Road, where Wal-
ber was murdered. Brief in Opposition 25 -- 26. That does not follow.
While this coincidence does link Rogers to the road on which the murder
took place, it confirms nothing about Skinner's presence on the road the
night of the murder.
16 SKINNER v. LOUISIANA

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

2
Finally, the State urges the Court to deny relief on proce-
dural grounds. It argues that, given the fact-intensive na-
ture of Skinner's claim, the decisions below are too sparse
to permit meaningful review and that the Court should fol-
low its usual practice of awaiting review until after federal
habeas proceedings have completed.
The first contention is easily dispatched: It would be per-
verse to allow manifestly erroneous lower-court judgments
to stand precisely because of their cursory analysis. In any
event, the analysis the postconviction court did provide is
wrong on its face, and the Court at the very least should
have corrected the obvious legal errors and remanded for a
proper analysis. See, e.g., Grady v. North Carolina, -- 311 (2015) (per curiam) (summarily vacating
decision of state high court that applied erroneous federal
legal principles). The postconviction court faulted Skinner
for failing to provide "evidence of credibility," App. 3a, but
this Court has never imposed a standalone credibility re-
quirement on material Brady evidence. That makes sense,
given that credibility is the province of the jury, see, e.g.,
United States v. Scheffer, -- 313 (1998),
and Brady violations prevent the jury from assessing the
credibility of material evidence. The postconviction court's
only other reasoning was that "the Wear[r]y case is distin-
guishable enough." App. 3a. The question in Wearry, how-
ever, was "[b]eyond doubt." 577 U. S., at 392. Even if this
case were a closer call, that would not end the analysis.
On the State's second point, it is true that this Court is
less apt to intervene in "state postconviction proceedings,"
as opposed to after federal habeas review. Lawrence v. Flor-
ida, (2007). Summary reversal, moreo-
ver, is generally inappropriate in "fact-intensive" cases, es-
pecially with lengthy trial records. See e.g., Cavazos v.
Smith, 11, 16 -- 17 (2011) (Ginsburg, J., dis-
senting); but see Klein v. Martin, 607 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

(2026) (per curiam) ( -- 12) (parsing materiality
of alleged Brady evidence to summarily reverse grant of
postconviction relief ). This case, however, is unique be-
cause of the Court's prior grant of relief in Wearry.
To begin, and as Wearry underscored, "[t]his Court, of
course, has jurisdiction over the final judgments of state
postconviction courts, see 28 U. S. C., and exer-
cises that jurisdiction in appropriate circumstances." 577
U. S., at 395 -- 396. Although the Court's usual practice may
be to await federal habeas proceedings in the ordinary case,
nothing in its precedents requires the abdication of respon-
sibility to correct obvious errors of law, even in this posture.
See id., at 396 (collecting cases).
Moreover, although this case is undoubtedly fact-inten-
sive, the legal error is made much more obvious, and the
analysis is much simplified, by the Court's prior analysis in
Wearry. There, the Court already conducted much of the
necessary analysis, which involved the same crime and sub-
stantially overlapping witnesses and suppressed evidence.
Of course, there are differences between this case and
Wearry; no two trials are identical. Those differences, how-
ever, pale in comparison to their similarities. If, on the
other hand, the Court needed additional briefing and argu-
ment to fully address Skinner's claims, the appropriate
course of action would be to grant plenary review, not
simply to deny Skinner's petition.
Given the significant overlap with Wearry, moreover, the
Court has a strong interest here in vindicating the suprem-
acy of its decisions. The postconviction court's one-sentence
conclusion that this case is "distinguishable enough" from
Wearry borders on open defiance. App. 3a.4 The Court
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Unfortunately, "[w]e have repeatedly reversed... Louisiana courts"

for failing to heed Brady's requirements. Brown v. Louisiana, 598 U. S.
___, ___ (2023) (JACKSON, J., dissenting from denial of certiorari) (collecting cases); see Brief for Two Louisiana Prisoners as Amici
18 SKINNER v. LOUISIANA

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

should have corrected this error. See, e.g., Moore v. Texas, 143 (2019) (per curiam) (summarily re-
versing where the state court "repeat[ed]" the errors that
this Court previously condemned); id., at 143 (ROBERTS,
C. J., concurring) (agreeing that state court "repeated the
same errors that this Court previously condemned -- if not
quite in haec verba, certainly in substance").
That raises one final point: "the actual inequity that re-
sults when the Court chooses which of many similarly situ-
ated defendants should be the chance beneficiary of " a
given rule. United States v. Johnson, (1982) (emphasis deleted). Here, it is all but certain
that, if Skinner had received counsel earlier and his case
had traveled to this Court with Wearry's, both men would
have secured the same relief. By happenstance and largely
due to lack of representation, however, Skinner's case was
delayed. That delay should not mean that justice is denied.
It is true that Skinner may yet receive relief in federal
court, as the Fifth Circuit recently granted authorization
for him to file a successive habeas application. App. 9a -- 
11a. Yet, there is no need to "forc[e Skinner] to endure yet
more time [i]n Louisiana's [prisons] in service of a convic-
tion that is constitutionally flawed" while federal habeas
proceedings play out. Wearry, 577 U. S., at 396.
* * *
Equal justice under law, the phrase engraved on the front
of this Court's building, requires that two codefendants,
convicted of the same crime, who raised essentially the
same constitutional claims, receive the same answer from
the courts. Here, because the Louisiana courts refused to
apply this Court's Brady precedents, including a decision by
this Court involving the very same evidence, Skinner risks
spending the rest of his life in prison while Wearry walks
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Curiae 13 -- 18 (questioning treatment of Brady claims in Louisiana courts
based on troubling data).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

free. Because the Court refuses to enforce its own prece-
dents, I respectfully dissent from the denial of certiorari.

============================================================

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE KAGAN and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting from the denial of certio-
rari.
"DNA testing has an unparalleled ability to both exoner-
ate the wrongly convicted and to identify the guilty." Dis-
trict Attorney's Office for Third Judicial Dist. v. Osborne,
(2009). For the last 11 years, death-row
prisoner Rodney Reed has sought DNA testing of key evi-
dence that could prove his innocence. Because the Fifth
Circuit did not address a potentially meritorious argument
that Reed raised in support of his claim, the Court should
summarily vacate the decision below and remand for fur-
ther consideration of Reed's claim.
In 1998, Reed was convicted and sentenced to death for
the murder of Stacey Lee Stites. Over the last two decades,
Reed has maintained his innocence and proffered evidence
suggesting that Stites's fiancé, a Bastrop County police of-
ficer named Jimmy Fennell, murdered Stites because Stites
and Reed were having an affair. For instance, Reed has
provided sworn affidavits attesting that Fennell told a col-
league one month before the murder that Stites was
" 'f***ing a n***r' " and that Fennell, while imprisoned in
2019 for an unrelated sexual-assault conviction, had con-
fessed to a fellow inmate that he " 'had to kill [his] n***r-
loving fiancé[e].' " Reed v. Texas, -- 1241
2 REED v. GOERTZ

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

(2020) (SOTOMAYOR, J., statement respecting denial of cer-
tiorari) (summarizing Reed's evidence).
Key to Reed's efforts to prove his innocence have been his
requests for DNA testing of multiple pieces of evidence in-
cluding, as relevant here, the murder weapon: Stites's
webbed belt. A significant amount of the killer's DNA is
likely to be on the belt because the killer, in an act of " 'great
force,' " used the belt to strangle Stites for "approximately
three to four minutes." Ex parte Reed, 271 S. W. 3d 698,
705 -- 706 (Tex. Crim. App. 2008). If that DNA is either
solely Reed's or solely Fennell's, that finding could finally
resolve the "pall of uncertainty over Reed's conviction."
Reed, 589 U. S., at 1244 (statement of SOTOMAYOR, J.).
In 2014, Reed asked the Bastrop County District Attor-
ney to consent to the DNA testing of the belt, among other
items. (Reed's counsel also offered to pay for the testing.)
The district attorney denied the request in relevant part.
Reed then filed a motion in state court under Article 64,
Texas's postconviction DNA-testing statute. To order test-
ing under Article 64, a court must find, among other re-
quirements, "a chain of custody sufficient to establish that"
any evidence to be tested "has not been substituted, tam-
pered with, replaced, or altered in any material respect."
Tex. Crim. Proc. Code Ann., Art. 64.03(a)(1)(A)(ii) (West
2018). The trial court denied Reed's motion, and the Court
of Criminal Appeals (CCA) affirmed. The CCA upheld the
trial court's findings that the belt was "contaminated" after
being "handled by ungloved attorneys, court personnel, and
possibly the jurors," App. to Pet. for Cert. 65a -- 68a, and that
this contamination violated Article 64's chain-of-custody re-
quirement.
Reed then sued in federal court under 42 U. S. C..
He argued that Article 64, as authoritatively construed by
the CCA, violated the Fourteenth Amendment Due Process
Clause facially and as-applied to him because it is "funda-
mentally inadequate to vindicate" a defendant's state-
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

created liberty interest in proving his innocence with new
evidence. Osborne, 557 U. S., at 69. Reed contended that
the CCA's noncontamination requirement does not "com-
por[t] with fundamental fairness," ibid., because it places "arbitrary limitation[s] on... potential 'exculpatory results' " despite the fact that
DNA testing can still produce probative results even when
there is "contamination," App. to Pet. for Cert. 111a. The
District Court dismissed Reed's complaint. The Fifth Cir-
cuit initially affirmed on the ground that Reed's suit
was untimely, but this Court reversed. See Reed v. Goertz,
(2023).
On remand, the Fifth Circuit ordered supplemental brief-
ing on the merits of Reed's due process claim. In his sup-
plemental brief, Reed made three related, yet independent,
arguments as to why the noncontamination requirement vi-
olates due process.
First, Reed argued that the noncontamination require-
ment is arbitrary because "DNA testing can yield highly
probative information even where crime-scene evidence
was supposedly contaminated." Plaintiff-Appellant Supp.
Brief in No. 19 -- 70022 (CA5), p. 21 (Reed CA5 Supp. Brief ).
Relying on amicus brief by Chase Baumgartner, a former
lead forensic scientist at the Texas Department of Public
Safety, Reed claimed that laboratories, including in the
Texas Department of Public Safety, have protocols for de-
tecting and accounting for contamination that can ensure
reliable results. See id., at 21 -- 23 ); Recording of
Oral Arg. in No. 19 -- 70022 (CA5, Sept. 23, 2024), at 8:59 -- 
10:05. Baumgartner stated that "[e]ven in th[e] worst-case
scenario of developing the most complex, contaminated
DNA profile that can still be interpreted," Texas Depart-
ment of Public Safety analysts "could accurately include or
exclude [Reed] or Mr. Fennell with above 95% accuracy."
4 REED v. GOERTZ

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Baumgartner Brief 18. Yet, Reed maintains, Texas's non-
contamination requirement "bars prisoners from accessing
DNA testing, no matter its reliability or the resulting unre-
liability to the truth-finding process of preventing it." Reed
CA5 Supp. Brief 2. In other words, the core of Reed's first
argument was that the noncontamination requirement
"serve[s] no legitimate purpose" or is "disproportionate to
the ends" that it is "asserted to promote," Holmes v. South
Carolina, (2006), because DNA testing
has developed such that the accuracy of the results is not
meaningfully affected by contamination.
Second, Reed argued that it is "fundamentally unfair" to
hold any alleged contamination against the prisoner be-
cause the State is "responsible for the condition of the evi-
dence" while it is stored and handled. Reed CA5 Supp. Brief
22 -- 23.
Third, Reed argued that the noncontamination require-
ment is unfair because the burden it places on prisoners in
the postconviction context is more stringent than the bur-
den on prosecutors seeking to introduce DNA-tested evi-
dence at trial. Id., at 23 -- 24. As Reed explained, Texas
courts routinely admit DNA test results from "contami-
nated" evidence when offered by the State seeking to secure
a conviction. Ibid.
The Fifth Circuit concluded that the noncontamination
requirement does not violate due process, but its opinion
appears to have addressed only the second and third argu-
ments made by Reed. As to the second argument, the Fifth
Circuit reasoned that "it seems both inevitable and neces-
sary that the state be tasked with storing evidence" and
that "entrusting this responsibility to the government is
[not] fundamentally unfair on its face." 136 F. 4th 535, 545
(2025). The Fifth Circuit then rejected Reed's third argu-
ment by explaining that it is fair to require a higher stand-
ard for postconviction prisoners because "there is no re-
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

quirement that postconviction relief procedures be held to
the same standards as procedures at trial." Id., at 546.
Yet, the Fifth Circuit did not squarely confront the argu-
ment that the noncontamination requirement itself serves
no legitimate purpose because DNA testing is now capable
of generating accurate results even when the evidence has
been contaminated. If Reed is right that DNA testing the
belt is highly likely to yield an accurate result despite con-
tamination, the CCA's reliance on the noncontamination re-
quirement to block Reed from testing it might well "violate
due process principles" by "arbitrar[ily]" denying Reed the
opportunity to prove his innocence with new evidence.
Evitts v. Lucey, (1985); see Wolff v.
McDonnell, (1974) ("The touchstone of
due process is protection of the individual against arbitrary
action of government").
To be sure, the Fifth Circuit's opinion noted that Reed
stated that " 'DNA testing can yield highly probative infor-
mation even where crime-scene evidence was supposedly
contaminated.' " 136 F. 4th, at 545. It appears in context, however, that the
panel interpreted that statement as subsidiary to Reed's ar-
gument that it is unfair to hold any contamination against
the prisoner when the State controls the evidence's storage.
See 136 F. 4th, at 545 (characterizing Reed's argument as
asserting it was " 'fundamentally unfair'... to foreclose
testing due to deficiencies on the part of the state, especially
'because DNA testing can yield highly probative infor-
mation even where crime-scene evidence was supposedly
contaminated' "); see also Brief in Opposition 25 (admitting
the Fifth Circuit discussed Reed's argument only "in the
context of an imbalanced burden between the State at trial
and a prisoner postconviction"). The panel thus never di-
rectly passed upon the question whether the CCA's applica-
tion of the noncontamination requirement violated the Due
Process Clause because it arbitrarily denied Reed the op-
6 REED v. GOERTZ

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

portunity to obtain potentially reliable and exculpatory
DNA test results from the murder weapon.
* * *
It is inexplicable why the Bastrop County District Attor-
ney's Office refuses to allow DNA testing of the belt that
was used to kill Stites, despite the very substantial possi-
bility that such testing could exculpate Reed and identify
the real killer. It is also inexplicable why the courts below
did not proceed with more caution and carefully consider
each of Reed's arguments, especially given that his claim
implicates the "constitutionally intolerable" possibility of
the "execution of a[n]... innocent person." Herrera v. Col-
lins, (1993) (O'Connor, J., concurring).
The Court should vacate the Fifth Circuit's judgment and
remand the case for the Fifth Circuit to address Reed's ar-
gument in the first instance. Because the Court refuses to
do so, the State will likely execute Reed without the world
ever knowing whether Reed's or Fennell's DNA is on the
murder weapon, even though a simple DNA test could re-
veal that information. I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, dissenting from the denial of certi-
orari.
Petitioner Priscilla Villarreal is a reporter who was ar-
rested for doing something journalists do every day: posing
questions to a public official. Specifically, Villarreal twice
texted with a police officer to corroborate information Vil-
larreal already knew about events that had occurred within
her community. That officer voluntarily provided the infor-
mation Villarreal sought, and Villarreal published those
facts, consistent with her role as a journalist. Six months
later, Villarreal was arrested for asking those questions.
Making matters worse, Villarreal alleges that the arrest fol-
lowed a months-long effort by a police department and dis-
trict attorney's office to retaliate against her because they
disliked much of her reporting on their activities. Of course,
that reporting was often critical of them.
It should be obvious that this arrest violated the First
Amendment. Yet the Fifth Circuit held that the officials
were entitled to qualified immunity, and now Villarreal is
left without a remedy. The Court today makes a grave error
by declining to hear this case.
I
Because this case comes to the Court on a motion to dis-
miss, the facts as stated in Villarreal's complaint, recounted
here, and relied on in the analysis below, are assumed to be
true. Hui v. Castaneda, (2010). Doc-
uments incorporated by reference in the complaint also
2 VILLARREAL v. ALANIZ

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

inform the sufficiency of Villarreal's claims. Tellabs, Inc. v.
Makor Issues & Rights, Ltd., -- 323 (2007).
Villarreal is a citizen journalist. (She reports under the
name "Lagordiloca." App. to Pet. for Cert. 224a (App.))
Well over a 100,000 people follow her Facebook page, where
she covers newsworthy events in her community. Her reg-
ular subjects include the Laredo Police Department and lo-
cal government officials in Webb County. At times she
praises the conduct of those officials. Other times she is
critical of them, or posts content that she says is "unfavor-
able" to them. Id., at 229a.
Villarreal often live streams interactions between officers
and community members. On one occasion, she recorded
officers choking an individual during a traffic stop. On an-
other occasion, she reported on a homeowner who was ac-
cused of animal cruelty after many severely malnourished
animals were found on the person's property. Villarreal
criticized the district attorney for declining to prosecute and
instead pursuing a civil settlement with the homeowner,
who was also the assistant district attorney's close relative.
The district attorney later held a closed-door meeting with
Villarreal where she says he told her that he "did not ap-
preciate her criticizing his office." Id., at 231a.
As this interaction reveals, local officials are aware of Vil-
larreal's reporting. Villarreal contends that they do not like
it and that they have made their displeasure known. For
example, Villarreal recounts how one officer attempted to
discredit her in front of other officers by declaring, falsely,
that Villarreal is a five-time convicted felon. Villarreal says
that another attempted to obstruct her reporting at a crime
scene by threatening to take her phone, which she uses to
live stream to her followers, claiming that the phone was
" 'evidence.' " Id., at 230a. Eventually, officials began "plot-
ting [her] takedown." Villarreal v. Laredo, 94 F. 4th 374,
407 (CA5 2024) (Willett, J., dissenting).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

That brings us to the dispute underlying this action. On
two occasions in the spring of 2017, Villarreal texted a
source within the police department, with whom she had
communicated many times before, for details about events
that had occurred in her community. The first request in-
cluded the name and identification of a border agent who
died by suicide. The second included the name and condi-
tion of a person involved in a fatal traffic accident. Villar-
real had already learned these facts from private sources,
and the officer she texted willingly gave her the information
she requested. With that corroboration in hand, Villarreal
then published those details on her Facebook page.
Six months later, police officers secured two warrants for
Villarreal's arrest, one for each incident. As Villarreal de-
scribes it, the warrants were the result of a months-long in-
vestigation in which police officers worked closely with the
local district attorneys' office to come up with charges
against her. Those officials eventually accused Villarreal of
violating Texas Penal Code Ann..06(c) (West Cum.
Supp. 2025), which states that "[a] person commits an of-
fense if, with intent to obtain a benefit..., he solicits or
receives from a public servant information that: (1) the pub-
lic servant has access to by means of his office or employ-
ment; and (2) has not been made public."1 In the 23 years
since the statute was enacted, there is no documented ar-
rest in Webb County, let alone conviction, for violating.06(c). 94 F. 4th, at 404 -- 406 (Higginson, J., dissenting).
Villarreal says that she was the first.
In affidavits submitted with the warrant application to
the Magistrate Judge, an officer attested that Villarreal
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 "Benefit" is defined as "anything reasonably regarded as economic

gain or advantage." Tex. Penal Code Ann..07(a)(7) (West Cum. Supp.
2025). "[I]nformation that has not been made public" is defined as "any
information to which the public does not generally have access, and that
is prohibited from disclosure under [the Texas Public Information Act].".06(d).
4 VILLARREAL v. ALANIZ

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

sought to "benefit" from the information she received from
the officer by using it to increase her popularity on Face-
book. App. 241a -- 242a. The affidavits did not address how
the information Villarreal asked for, received, and later re-
ported about these two incidents fell within the definition
of nonpublic information under Texas law. Villarreal,
moreover, has alleged that the officer deliberately misled
the Magistrate Judge because he knew that Villarreal
"sought no benefit from her sourcing, and that she had ob-
tained no non-public information." 94 F. 4th, at 402 (Hig-
ginson, J. dissenting).
After learning of the arrest warrants, Villarreal turned
herself in. At the station, Villarreal alleges that police of-
ficers "surrounded her, laughed at her, took pictures with
their cell phones, and 'otherwise show[ed] their animus to-
ward Villarreal with an intent to humiliate and embarrass
her.' " Id., at 384 (majority opinion). Villarreal was de-
tained at the local jail before she was released on bond. She
later filed a writ of habeas corpus, which a Texas state-
court judge granted in an oral ruling from the bench after
declaring the statute unconstitutionally vague. The county
did not appeal.
Villarreal sought redress. She filed this action under 42
U. S. C. in Federal District Court against the officials
involved in her arrest. She alleged that they had violated
her First Amendment rights (among others) both (1) di-
rectly by arresting her for asking questions of a public offi-
cial and (2) in retaliation for her earlier reporting. The Dis-
trict Court dismissed the lawsuit in its entirety, concluding
that, even accepting the truth of Villarreal's allegations, the
officials were entitled to qualified immunity. The Fifth Cir-
cuit initially reversed, holding that Villarreal's "arrest was
'obviously' unconstitutional," 94 F. 4th, at 384, but the full
en banc court, by a deeply divided vote, vacated the panel
decision and affirmed the District Court.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Villarreal then filed a petition for certiorari to this Court.
The Court granted the petition, vacated the Fifth Circuit's
en banc decision, and ordered further consideration in light
of Gonzalez v. Trevino, (2024) (per curiam),
which clarified the evidentiary burden for proving a retali-
atory arrest under the First Amendment. Villarreal v. La-
redo, (2024). On remand, a divided Fifth Cir-
cuit, still sitting en banc, construed this Court's order to
mean that the "sole claim" it "ought to reconsider" was Vil-
larreal's First Amendment retaliation claim, and that its
"previous en banc majority opinion [wa]s superseded only
to [that] extent." Villarreal v. Laredo, 134 F. 4th 273, 275,
276 (2025). It then summarily concluded that the officials
were entitled to qualified immunity. This petition followed.
II
To defeat a claim of qualified immunity, an individual
must show that an official violated her constitutional
rights, and that the official had "fair warning that their con-
duct violated the Constitution." Hope v. Pelzer, (2002). Although "there does not have to be 'a case
directly on point' " for this fair-notice requirement to be sat-
isfied, "existing precedent must place the lawfulness of the
particular [conduct] 'beyond debate.' " District of Columbia
v. Wesby, (2018).
Importantly, " 'general statements of the law are not in-
herently incapable of giving fair and clear warning.' " Hope,
536 U. S., at 741. This means that "officials can still be on
notice that their conduct violates established law even in
novel factual circumstances" when " 'a general constitu-
tional rule already identified in the decisional law [applies]
with obvious clarity to the specific conduct in question.' "
Ibid.; see also Taylor v. Riojas, -- 9 (2020) (per
curiam). In other words, there can be an "'obvious case,'
where the unlawfulness of the officer's conduct is
6 VILLARREAL v. ALANIZ

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

sufficiently clear even though existing precedent does not
address similar circumstances." Wesby, 583 U. S., at 64.
III
The adverse action taken against Villarreal is an example
of an " 'obvious case.' " Ibid. Even absent a factually similar
precedent, the contours of Villarreal's First Amendment
rights were sufficiently clear to place the unlawfulness of
the officials' alleged conduct " 'beyond debate.' " Ibid.
A
The First Amendment protects the "right of citizens to in-
quire, to hear, to speak, and to use information." Citizens
United v. Federal Election Comm'n, 
(2010). It also protects a free press, "bar[ring] [the] govern-
ment from interfering in any way with" its function. Pell v.
Procunier, (1974). This encompasses
safeguarding "routine newspaper reporting techniques."
Smith v. Daily Mail Publishing Co., 
(1979). Indeed, "without some protection for seeking out
the news, freedom of the press could be eviscerated."
Branzburg v. Hayes, (1972).
This case implicates one of the most basic journalistic
practices of them all: asking sources within the government
for information. Each day, countless journalists follow this
practice, seeking comment, confirmation, or even "scoops"
from governmental sources. Reasonably so. "A free press
cannot be made to rely solely upon the sufferance of govern-
ment to supply it with information." Daily Mail, 443 U. S.,
at 104.2
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 That is not to say that the government cannot impose limits on news-

gathering. As the Court has explained, journalists have a right to "seek
news from any source by means within the law." Branzburg v. Hayes,
-- 682 (1972). The First Amendment, however, neces-
sarily places limits on how far States can go in deeming certain practices
unlawful. This case presents no occasion to consider where that line may
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Guided by these principles, journalists are "free to seek
out sources of information not available to members of the
general public." Pell, 417 U. S., at 834. Although the press
is not entitled to special access to government information
or facilities, the government also generally "cannot prevent
[the press] from learning about [government functions]" in
a variety of ways, including by "seek[ing] out... public of-
ficials." Houchins v. KQED, Inc., (1978) (plu-
rality opinion). In other words, the government has no ob-
ligation to make nonpublic information available to
journalists, and if an official declines to provide infor-
mation, the journalist usually has no recourse. See Pell,
417 U. S., at 834.
If, however, an official voluntarily chooses to convey in-
formation, three things are clear. First, only in the rarest
of circumstances can the government prevent or punish the
information's publication. See Daily Mail, 443 U. S., at 103
(requiring " 'a need to further a state interest of the highest
order' " before punishing); New York Times Co. v. United
States, (1971) (per curiam) (requiring the
" 'heavy burden of showing justification for the imposition
of such a restraint' " on publication). Second, the govern-
ment is free to discipline the official, the very person it
hired, trained, and supervised in the handling of confiden-
tial information. Florida Star v. B. J. F., -- 535 (1989). Third, the government certainly cannot
punish the journalist simply for making the request.
Villarreal followed this core journalistic practice here.
She asked a source within the local police department about
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
fall, given that under any conception, asking a public official for nonpub-
lic information as part of the journalist's verification efforts (with no al-
legations of force, coercion, deception, or bribery, see Villarreal v. Laredo,
94 F. 4th 374, 408, (CA5 2024) (Willett, J., dissenting), or suggestions
that the journalist knew the information was protected from disclosure,
see App. 242a) would fall outside of what could be criminalized consistent
with the Constitution.
8 VILLARREAL v. ALANIZ

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

two incidents that occurred within her community. The
source could have refused to answer Villarreal's questions.
Instead, the source voluntarily gave Villarreal the infor-
mation she sought, and Villarreal later published it. What
happened next flies in the face of the core guarantee of the
First Amendment: By arresting Villarreal, rather than
solely disciplining the employee for any wrongdoing, county
officials took this "everyday journalism" and transformed it
"into a crime." Pet. for Cert. 2.
This was a blatant First Amendment violation. No rea-
sonable officer would have thought that he could have ar-
rested Villarreal, consistent with the Constitution, for ask-
ing the questions she asked. Such an arrest is plainly
inconsistent with basic First Amendment principles. See
supra, at 6 -- 7. It is also inconsistent with how officers (in-
cluding the officers in this very county) are trained to inter-
act, and have historically interacted, with the press. See
Brief for Reporters as Amici Curiae on Pet. for Cert. 7 -- 14.
Finally, although there is not a direct, factually analogous
precedent confronting this situation, that is unsurprising
and, more importantly, irrelevant given just how " 'obvi-
ous[ly]' " unconstitutional the officials' conduct here was.
Wesby, 583 U. S., at 64; Browder v. Albuquerque, 787 F. 3d
1076, 1082 -- 1083 (CA10 2015) (Gorsuch, J.) ("[I]t would be
remarkable if the most obviously unconstitutional conduct
should be the most immune from liability only because it is
so flagrantly unlawful that few dare its attempt").
B
Despite all of this, the Fifth Circuit held that the arrest
was lawful. Primarily, the court reasoned that because Vil-
larreal alleged that the officials violated her First Amend-
ment rights by arresting her, she had to prove a Fourth
Amendment violation too, which, in its view, she failed to
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

do. 94 F. 4th, at 384 -- 385.3 Even assuming such an inquiry
is relevant, the Fifth Circuit's analysis does not withstand
scrutiny.
First, the Fifth Circuit found that the officials reasonably
believed that they had probable cause to arrest Villarreal
for violating.06(c). Id., at 385 -- 390. Not so. Just like
an individual cannot be convicted of a crime for engaging in
First Amendment activity, see Bachellar v. Maryland, -- 571 (1970), it is axiomatic that a probable-
cause determination cannot be based on such protected ac-
tivity either. As the Court explained in Wayte v. United
States, (1985), "the decision to prosecute may
not be deliberately based upon an unjustifiable standard
such as race, religion, or other arbitrary classification, in-
cluding the exercise of protected statutory and constitu-
tional rights." Id., at 608 (internal quotation marks and ci-
tations omitted). It necessarily follows that when an arrest
is based on protected First Amendment activity, that activ-
ity cannot constitute probable cause and support adverse
police action. All reasonable officers know this.
Second, the Fifth Circuit found that even if probable
cause was lacking, the officials' actions were still reasona-
ble under the Fourth Amendment. That is because the of-
ficials had acted pursuant to a state statute, and, according
to the court, given that no "final decision of a state court"
had found that statute unconstitutional before Villarreal's
arrest, the officials could have reasonably relied on the stat-
ute here. 94 F. 4th, at 390 -- 393. In other words, in the

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The Fifth Circuit at times appeared to disparage Villarreal, describ-

ing her reporting as "capitaliz[ing] on others' tragedies to propel her rep-
utation and career" and admonishing attempts to "portray her as a mar-
tyr for the sake of journalism." 94 F. 4th, at 381 -- 382. The First
Amendment does not protect only those journalists whose work is
deemed valuable by judges; rather, it " 'shields [all] who wan[t] to speak
or publish when others wish [them] to be quiet.' " Harper & Row, Pub-
lishers, Inc. v. Nation Enterprises, (1985).
10 VILLARREAL v. ALANIZ

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

court's view, the officials committed a reasonable mistake
of law by presuming that.06(c) was constitutional and
enforcing it against Villarreal.
The presence of the state statute, however, does not and
cannot insulate the officials from liability. Just like it is
unreasonable to rely on a statute that is "so grossly and fla-
grantly unconstitutional that any person of reasonable pru-
dence would be bound to see its flaws," Michigan v. DeFil-
lippo, (1979), it is also unreasonable to
"enforc[e] a statute in an obviously unconstitutional way,"
94 F. 4th, at 407 (Willett, J., dissenting). Here, it is hard to
conceive of a more obvious constitutional violation than ar-
resting a journalist who, in searching for corroboration,
simply asks a government source for information. That is
the essence of many journalists' jobs. The arrest does not
somehow become reasonable, and constitutional, merely be-
cause an unconstitutional application of a statute author-
izes it. See 42 U. S. C. (a state official "shall be lia-
ble" for constitutional violations if he acted "under color of
any [state] statute").
Finally, the Fifth Circuit held that the officials were
shielded from liability because the Magistrate Judge had
issued the warrants for Villarreal's arrest. 94 F. 4th, at
393 -- 394. The independent-intermediary doctrine does not
save the officials here. "[T]he fact that a neutral magistrate
[judge] has issued a warrant authorizing the allegedly un-
constitutional" arrest "does not end the inquiry into objec-
tive reasonableness." Messerschmidt v. Millender, (2012). Rather, an official can still be held
liable "when 'it is obvious that no reasonably competent of-
ficer would have concluded that a warrant should issue.'"
Ibid. This standard is satisfied in this case because the ar-
rest was obviously unconstitutional for the reasons ex-
plained above. See supra, at 6 -- 8. Even putting that aside,
the officers here never told the Magistrate Judge how or
why the information was protected from disclosure under
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Texas law, see supra, at 3, and, and there are good rea-
sons to believe that it was not, see 94 F. 4th, at 411 -- 412,
417 -- 418 (Ho, J., dissenting) (making this argument).
C
The Court should have granted the petition to resolve
tension between the decision below and decisions from the
Sixth, Eighth, and Tenth Circuits. Those three courts have
each denied officials qualified immunity when those offi-
cials violated individuals' First Amendment rights by ar-
resting them, even when those officials had argued that the
arrestees' conduct technically fell within the bounds of a
state law, that they had arguable probable cause for the ar-
rest, and, in one case, that a Magistrate Judge had author-
ized the arrest. See Leonard v. Robinson, 477 F. 3d 347,
352, 356, 361 (CA6 2007) (denying qualified immunity to
officer invoking four statutes to arrest man for saying "God
damn" at township board meeting); Snider v. Cape
Girardeau, 752 F. 3d 1149, 1154, 1157 (CA8 2014) (same for
officer who invoked a statute and secured a warrant from a
Magistrate Judge to arrest citizen for trying to burn and
shred an American flag); Jordan v. Jenkins, 73 F. 4th 1162,
1167, 1171 (CA10 2023) (same for officer who used state ob-
struction of justice statute to arrest a police critic).
The Court's intervention is warranted because the Fifth
Circuit's position undermines important bedrock constitu-
tional protections. Under its view, police officers may ar-
rest journalists for core First Amendment activity so long
as they can point to a statute that the activity violated and
that no high state court had previously invalidated,
whether facially or as applied. This rule creates a perverse
scheme in which officials can arrest someone for protected
activity, decline to appeal a trial court's decision declaring
the statute unconstitutional (as the county did here), and
use qualified immunity to avoid liability by citing back to
that statute. The Court's decision today prevents
12 VILLARREAL v. ALANIZ

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

adjudication of whether this statute is constitutional and
the extent to which this journalist's activities are protected.
The Court thus allows this pattern to repeat.
The Fifth Circuit's opinion illustrates the implications.
The court criticized Villarreal for asking her questions to a
"backchannel[ed]" source, as opposed to following official
channels to receive her information. 94 F. 4th, at 388 -- 390,
398 (majority opinion). This appears to suggest that had
Villarreal directed her questions to a public relations offi-
cial for the department, for example, she would have fallen
outside the scope of.06(c). On the face of the statute
alone, it is not clear why. The statute does not draw a dis-
tinction between the kinds of "public servant[s]" from which
a person "solicits" nonpublic information..06(c). As a
result, it arguably could be leveraged to reach the mundane
act of asking questions to officials at press conferences, or
at crime scenes, when the reporter intends to "benefit" by
publishing any answer, even if she does not receive one.
Under the Fifth Circuit's rule, however, no individual ar-
rested in any of these circumstances would have recourse.
Because of the Court's inaction today, neither does Villar-
real.
IV
Below, Villarreal also claimed that the arrest violated her
First Amendment rights in yet another way. Given the al-
leged history between Villarreal and local officials, she said
that she was arrested as retaliation for her prior reporting.
" '[T]he First Amendment prohibits government officials
from subjecting an individual to retaliatory actions' for en-
gaging in protected speech." Nieves v. Bartlett, (2019). This is a core protection: "The freedom of
individuals verbally to oppose or challenge police action
without thereby risking arrest is one of the principal char-
acteristics by which we distinguish a free nation from a po-
lice state." Houston v. Hill, -- 463 (1987).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

According to Villarreal, for months local officers and pros-
ecutors banded together to target her because they did not
like much of her reporting. She alleged that her arrest was
the culmination of those efforts, bringing to life the oft-cited
danger of a state actor " 'picking the man and then search-
ing the law books, or putting investigators to work, to pin
some offense on him.' " Morrison v. Olson, (1988) (Scalia, J., dissenting).
" 'It is this realm[,] in which the prosecutor picks some per-
son whom he dislikes or desires to embarrass, or selects
some group of unpopular persons and then looks for an of-
fense, that the... danger of abuse of prosecuting power
lies.' " Ibid.
If the events as recounted by Villarreal had occurred to-
day, this would have been a profoundly easy case. As this
Court held in Nieves v. Bartlett, and later
reiterated in Gonzalez v. Trevino, although a
plaintiff asserting a retaliatory-arrest claim must normally
"plead and prove the absence of probable cause for the ar-
rest," probable cause does not defeat her claim if she pro-
duces "objective evidence that [she] was arrested when oth-
erwise similarly situated individuals not engaged in the
same sort of protected speech had not been." Nieves, 587
U. S., at 402, 407. This exception accounts for situations
"where officers have probable cause to make arrests, but
typically exercise their discretion not to do so." Id., at 406.
The exception surely would be satisfied on the facts as
Villarreal alleged them. Villarreal engaged in protected
speech (her reporting) that she contends is generally unpop-
ular with local officials. Journalists, including those whose
reporting efforts are likely more popular with those offi-
cials, presumably ask about nonpublic information all the
time. Yet, according to Villarreal, she was the first and only
person in Webb County to be arrested for allegedly violating
14 VILLARREAL v. ALANIZ

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting.06(c) in the statute's then 23-year history by asking
about nonpublic information. In these circumstances, prob-
able cause, even assuming that it was present, should pose
no bar to Villarreal's retaliation claim.
Villarreal's arrest occurred before Nieves, however, so the
Fifth Circuit found the case easy in the other direction. It
pointed to Reichle v. Howards, (2012), in
which this Court observed that it "has never recognized a
First Amendment right to be free from a retaliatory arrest
that is supported by probable cause." Id., at 664 -- 665. Ac-
cording to the Fifth Circuit, because Villarreal's arrest was
apparently supported by probable cause, the officials were
entitled to qualified immunity for her retaliation claim.
That conclusion is wrong for two reasons. First, as ex-
plained, there was no legitimate probable cause barring Vil-
larreal's retaliation claim. See supra, at 8 -- 11. In the typi-
cal retaliation claim, including the one that Reichle
confronted, an officer arrests an individual for unlawful
conduct not protected by the First Amendment in retalia-
tion for the individual previously exercising her First
Amendment rights. Id., at 660 -- 662. Here, by contrast, the
basis for Villarreal's arrest was also protected conduct.
Second, even if that distinction were not enough, Villar-
real pleaded that any probable-cause determination was
tainted because the officers misled the Magistrate Judge.
See supra, at 3 -- 4. Under longstanding Circuit precedent,
that taint meant that the officials could not rely on arguable
probable cause to defeat Villarreal's retaliation claim. See
Hand v. Gary, 838 F. 2d 1420, 1427 -- 1428 (CA5 1988). I
agree with Judge Higginson's dissent below that, at the mo-
tion-to-dismiss stage, Villarreal was entitled to further fact-
finding to prove the veracity of those allegations. 94 F. 4th,
at 401 -- 404. Because of the Court's decision not to grant
review today, however, she will never have the opportunity.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

* * *
The First Amendment prohibits "abridging the freedom... of the press." In our constitutional order, "the press
serves and was designed to serve as a powerful antidote to
any abuses of power by government officials." Mills v. Ala-
bama, (1966). Tolerating retaliation
against journalists, or efforts to criminalize routine report-
ing practices, threatens to silence "one of the very agencies
the Framers of our Constitution thoughtfully and deliber-
ately selected to improve our society and keep it free." Ibid.
By denying Villarreal's petition, the Court leaves stand-
ing a clear attack on the First Amendment's role in protect-
ing our democracy. Because this petition should have been
granted, and the Fifth Circuit's decision should have been
vacated, I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR delivered the opinion of the Court.
States are generally entitled to immunity from being
sued in another State's courts without their consent. That
sovereign immunity is personal to the State and thus ex-
tends only to arms of the State itself, not to legally inde-
pendent entities that the State creates.
This pair of cases arises out of two accidents, one in New
York City and one in Philadelphia, in which New Jersey
Transit buses struck and injured people. Both victims sued
New Jersey Transit, a corporation created by the New Jer-
sey Legislature, in their respective home courts in New
York and Pennsylvania. The highest courts in those States
diverged as to whether New Jersey Transit is an arm of
2 GALETTE v. NEW JERSEY TRANSIT CORP.

Opinion of the Court

New Jersey. The Court granted certiorari to resolve
whether New Jersey Transit is an arm of New Jersey and
thus entitled to the State's sovereign immunity. It is not.
Accordingly, the judgment of the New York Court of Ap-
peals is affirmed and the judgment of the Pennsylvania Su-
preme Court is reversed.
I
A
Starting in the 1960s and 1970s, New Jerseyans increas-
ingly drove to work. This shift led railroads to curtail com-
muter-rail services connecting the New Jersey suburbs to
New York City and caused significant highway congestion.
The New Jersey Legislature responded by providing heavy
subsidies and operational assistance to the major private
rail and bus companies that served the region, but service
remained severely fragmented.
In search of a new solution, the Legislature in 1979 cre-
ated the New Jersey Transit Corporation (NJ Transit). See
N. J. Public Transportation Act of 1979, N. J. Stat. :25 -- 
1 et seq. (2026). The State structured the entity as a "body
corporate and politic with corporate succession." :25 -- 
4(a). The "corporation" was "constituted as an instrumen-
tality of the State exercising public and essential govern-
mental functions." Ibid. It was "allocated within the De-
partment of Transportation," but "the corporation" was
"independent of any supervision or control by the depart-
ment or by any body or officer thereof." Ibid.
The State gave NJ Transit significant authority. For in-
stance, it has the power to: make its own bylaws; sue and
be sued; enter into contracts; acquire or deal in and with
real or personal property; raise funds from fares, gifts,
grants, or loans; own and control any corporate entity ac-
quired or formed to carry out its objectives; adopt rules and
regulations as necessary; and exercise eminent domain
powers. :25 -- 5, 27:25 -- 13. Moreover, NJ Transit's
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

organic statute provides that "[n]o debt or liability of the
corporation shall be deemed or construed to create or con-
stitute a debt, liability, or a loan or pledge of the credit of
the State." :25 -- 17. It also states that "[a]ll expenses
incurred by the corporation... shall be payable from funds
available to the corporation" and that "no liability or obli-
gation shall be incurred by the corporation beyond the ex-
tent to which moneys are available." Ibid.
The corporation is governed by a board of directors
(Board). :25 -- 4(b). The Board has 13 members, 11 of
whom are voting members. Ibid. The voting members con-
sist of three ex officio members from the Governor's cabinet,
six members appointed with the advice and consent of the
Senate, and two members appointed on the recommenda-
tion of the President of the Senate and Speaker of the Gen-
eral Assembly. Ibid. The Governor may remove any Board
member (eight of whom only for cause) and may veto any
action the Board takes. :25 -- 4(b), (f ). The Legislature
may also veto some eminent domain actions. :25 -- 13(h).
Once created, the Board adopted its own bylaws and
hired a President and CEO to manage day-to-day opera-
tions. It then acquired and consolidated the assets of sev-
eral major rail and bus services operating in and around
New Jersey. In the last several decades, the Legislature
has appropriated funding for NJ Transit's operational
budget each year, covering anywhere from 15% to 46% of
that budget. Brief for NJ Transit 35. NJ Transit also re-
ceives funding from the State and the Federal Government
for its capital projects.1 NJ Transit's revenues have fluctu-
ated over time; in 2024, it generated $832 million in oper-
ating revenues.2

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See NJ Transit Corp., New Jersey Transit Corporation Annual Finan-

cial Report (Year Ended June 30, 2024), p. 11, https://perma.cc/Z2H5-
ZJ48.
2 Id., at 4.
4 GALETTE v. NEW JERSEY TRANSIT CORP.

Opinion of the Court

Today, NJ Transit is the Nation's third largest provider
of bus, rail, and light rail transit, operating within a 5,300-
square-mile area that includes New Jersey, New York City,
and Philadelphia.
B
In 2017, Jeffrey Colt was crossing 40th Street in Midtown
Manhattan when an NJ Transit bus struck him and
knocked him to the ground. A year later, Cedric Galette
was a passenger in a car driving down Market Street in
Philadelphia when an NJ Transit bus crashed into the car.
Both were seriously injured.
Colt and Galette sued NJ Transit for negligence in their
respective home state courts: Colt in New York and Galette
in Pennsylvania. NJ Transit moved to dismiss both law-
suits, arguing that it is an arm of New Jersey and thus en-
titled to New Jersey's sovereign immunity.
The New York Court of Appeals held that NJ Transit is
not an arm of New Jersey. 43 N. Y. 3d 463, 466, 264 N. E.
3d 774, 776 (2024). The court first observed that the Fed-
eral Courts of Appeals have analyzed whether an entity is
an arm of the State using "an array of multifactor and mul-
tistep tests." Id., at 472, 264 N. E. 3d, at 780.3 It then dis-
tilled from those cases a three-factor inquiry: "(1) how the
State defines the entity and its functions, (2) the State's
power to direct the entity's conduct, and (3) the effect on the
State of a judgment against the entity." Id., at 473, 264
N. E. 3d, at 781. Applying those factors, the court held that

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 See, e.g., Fresenius Medical Care Cardiovascular Resources, Inc. v.

Puerto Rico and Caribbean Cardiovascular Center Corp., 322 F. 3d 56,
68 (CA1 2003); Mancuso v. New York State Thruway Auth., 86 F. 3d 289,
293 (CA2 1996); Karns v. Shanahan, 879 F. 3d 504, 513 (CA3 2018);
Springboards to Education, Inc. v. McAllen Independent School Dist., 62
F. 4th 174, 178 -- 179 (CA5 2023); Kohn v. State Bar of Cal., 87 F. 4th 1021,
1027 -- 1030 (CA9 2023) (en banc); Puerto Rico Ports Auth. v. Federal Mar-
itime Comm'n, 531 F. 3d 868, 874 (CADC 2008) (Kavanaugh, J.).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

NJ Transit is not an arm of New Jersey and that Colt's suit
could thus proceed.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court, however, held the op-
posite, concluding that NJ Transit is an arm of New Jersey.
332 A. 3d 776, 779 (2025). It applied its own six-factor test,
which considers: " '(1) the legal classification and descrip-
tion of the entity within the governmental structure of the
State, both statutorily and under its caselaw; (2) the degree
of control the State exercises over the entity, both through
the power of appointment, and the power to subsequently
veto its actions; (3) the power of the entity's board to inde-
pendently raise revenue on its own; (4) the degree of fund-
ing provided by the State to the entity relative to other
funding sources; (5) whether any monetary obligation in-
curred by the entity is binding upon the State; and (6)
whether the core function of the entity... can be catego-
rized as a function which is normally performed by local
government or State government.' " Id., at 785 -- 786 (brack-
ets omitted). Under that test, the Pennsylvania Supreme
Court concluded that NJ Transit is an arm of New Jersey
and thus dismissed Galette's suit.
This Court granted certiorari to resolve the conflict and
consolidated the cases. (2025).4
II
A State's immunity from suit is a "fundamental aspect of
the sovereignty which the States enjoyed before the ratifi-
cation of the Constitution, and which they retain today."
Alden v. Maine, (1999). State sovereign
immunity bars private parties from suing a nonconsenting
State in that State's own courts or in the courts of another
State. See Franchise Tax Bd. of Cal. v. Hyatt, -- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 After this Court granted certiorari, NJ Transit filed an application for

stay of Colt's pending damages trial in the Supreme Court of the State
of New York. This Court stayed the trial pending issuance of the man-
date in these cases. (2025).
6 GALETTE v. NEW JERSEY TRANSIT CORP.

Opinion of the Court

249 (2019). In so doing, it prevents "the indignity of sub-
jecting a State to the coercive process of judicial tribunals
at the instance of private parties." In re Ayers, (1887). It also protects the State from "being
thrust... against its will, into the disfavored status of a
debtor, subject to the power of private citizens to levy on its
treasury." Alden, 527 U. S., at 749.
Sovereign immunity, however, is " 'personal' " to the State
itself. College Savings Bank v. Florida Prepaid Postsecond-
ary Ed. Expense Bd., (1999). It does not
extend to "lesser entities," such as "municipal corpora-
tion[s] or other governmental entit[ies]" that are not
"arm[s] of the State." Alden, 527 U. S., at 756. Whether an
entity is "an arm of the State... is a question of federal
law" that "can be answered only after considering the pro-
visions of state law that define the agency's character." Re-
gents of Univ. of Cal. v. Doe, (1997).
Before addressing whether NJ Transit is an arm of New
Jersey, the Court first sets forth the principles that have
guided the arm-of-the-State inquiry in its precedents.
A
1
When examining the relationship between the State and
an entity it created, this Court's early cases focused on
whether the entity was a separate legal person from the
State. One key marker of separate legal personhood was
the corporate form. At common law, a "corporation" was
"an artificial person, existing in contemplation of law, and
endowed with" "certain immunities, privileges, and capaci-
ties in its collective character, which do not belong to the
natural persons composing it." Trustees of Dartmouth Col-
lege v. Woodward, 4 Wheat. 518, 667 (1819). As a result of
its separate legal personhood, a corporation could "sue and
be sued by its own members" and "contract with them in the
same manner as with any strangers." Id., at 667 -- 668.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

This Court first applied this idea of corporate personhood
to the arm-of-the-State inquiry in Bank of United States v.
Planters' Bank of Ga., 9 Wheat. 904 (1824). It held that a
state-chartered bank was not an arm of Georgia because it
was a "corporation" and "the judgment" would "be satisfied
by the property of the corporation, not by that of the indi-
vidual corporators." Id., at 907. Chief Justice Marshall ex-
plained that the "State of Georgia, by giving to the Bank the
capacity to sue and be sued, voluntarily strips itself of its
sovereign character, so far as respects the transactions of
the Bank, and waives all the privileges of that character."
Id., at 907 -- 908. Subsequent cases reaffirmed Planters'
Bank's holding, relying on the corporate status of other
state-chartered banks to deny them sovereign immunity.
That was true even when the State exerted significant con-
trol over the bank, such as by being its sole shareholder or
possessing appointment and removal power over its offic-
ers. See, e.g., Bank of Kentucky v. Wister, 2 Pet. 318, 323 -- 
324 (1829); Briscoe v. Bank of Kentucky, 11 Pet. 257, 326 -- 
327 (1837); Curran v. Arkansas, 15 How. 304, 309 (1853).
The Court applied the same reasoning to cities and coun-
ties that were created as municipal corporations. The Court
explained that the corporate form of such entities, which
included the power to "sue and be sued," likewise made
them legal persons separate from the sovereign and thus
not entitled to share in the State's sovereign immunity. See
Lincoln County v. Luning, -- 531 (1890).
Employing similar logic, the Court also held that entities
created by the Federal Government were not its "arms"
when they possessed the separate personhood of a corpora-
tion. See, e.g., Metropolitan R. Co. v. District of Columbia,
-- 8 (1889); Sloan Shipyards Corp. v. United
States Shipping Bd. Emergency Fleet Corporation, -- 568 (1922); Federal Land Bank of St. Louis v.
Priddy, -- 237 (1935); Keifer & Keifer v.
8 GALETTE v. NEW JERSEY TRANSIT CORP.

Opinion of the Court

Reconstruction Finance Corporation, -- 
394 (1939).
2
Beginning in the mid-20th century, the Court began to
consider additional features of an entity's relationship with
the State in the arm-of-the-State inquiry. Even so, the
analysis remained focused on discerning whether the State
had structured the entity to be legally separate, and corpo-
rate status remained central to that analysis.
For example, in Moor v. County of Alameda, 
(1973), the Court addressed whether a county was an arm
of the State, and therefore not a "citizen," for purposes of
diversity jurisdiction. Id., at 717 -- 718 (explaining that a
State is not a "citizen" for diversity purposes). The county
at issue argued that its designation, by the California Con-
stitution, as a " 'legal subdivisio[n] of the State' " established
its status as an arm of the State. Id., at 718 -- 719. The
Court, however, disagreed. It explained that the county
was also created as a " 'body corporate and politic,' " which
meant, "[m]ost notably," that the county was given " 'corpo-
rate powers,' " such as the ability to "sue and be sued," to
"deal in property," and to make "contract[s]." Id., at 719.
Financially, moreover, the county alone would be "liable for
all judgments against it" and could issue bonds without cre-
ating an "obligation on the part of the State." Id., at 719 -- 
720. Finally, the Court observed that, given the county's
corporate status, the California Supreme Court had held
that counties could be sued by the State. Id., at 720 -- 721.
The Court thus concluded that the county was not an arm
of the State because the county had a "sufficiently inde-
pendent corporate character." Id., at 721.
Resting on the firmly established rule that municipal cor-
porations and counties are not arms of the State, the Court
in Mt. Healthy City Bd. of Ed. v. Doyle, (1977),
framed the arm-of-the-State inquiry as asking whether an
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

entity is "more like a county or city" than "like an arm of
the State." Id., at 280. In answering that question for the
entity at issue, a local school board, the Court examined the
characteristics of the board under state law. It observed
that the board was created as a " 'political subdivisio[n]' "
distinct from the " 'State,' " that it had powers to issue bonds
and levy taxes, and that it received money and guidance
from the State. Ibid. Those characteristics led the Court to
conclude that the board was "more like a county or city" and
thus not entitled to immunity. Id., at 280 -- 281.
The Court again asked whether an entity was "compara-
ble to a county or municipality" or rather an arm of the
State in Lake Country Estates, Inc. v. Tahoe Regional Plan-
ning Agency, (1979). There, the entity at
issue was the Tahoe Regional Planning Agency, a bistate
entity created by California and Nevada alongside the Fed-
eral Government under the Compact Clause. Id., at 394.
The Court explained that the interstate compact created
the agency as a " 'separate legal entity' " and a " 'political
subdivision' " and that judgments against the agency were
not binding on either State. Id., at 401 -- 402. The Court also
observed that most of the agency's governing members were
not appointed by the States; that its rulemaking authority
was not subject to any state-level veto; that the agency's
function (land-use regulation) was a traditional local gov-
ernment function; and that California had previously sued
it. Ibid. The agency, the Court concluded, was therefore
not an arm of either State. Id., at 402.
Finally, in Hess v. Port Authority Trans-Hudson Corpo-
ration, (1994), the Court again found that a bi-
state entity created under the Compact Clause was not an
arm of the State. It explained that the Authority was de-
scribed in the compact and state laws as a " 'joint or common
agency,' " a " 'body corporate and politic,' " and a " 'municipal
corporate instrumentality' " of New York and New Jersey.
Id., at 44 -- 45. Financially, the States were not liable for the
10 GALETTE v. NEW JERSEY TRANSIT CORP.

Opinion of the Court

Authority's debts or judgments; the Authority was barred
from pledging the credit of either State or from borrowing
money in any name but its own; and the entity generated
its own revenue. Id., at 46. The Court acknowledged that
the States exerted significant control over the Authority -- 
they had appointment and removal power over the commis-
sioners, the Governors could veto the Authority's actions,
and the States' legislatures could determine what projects
the Authority would pursue -- but rejected control as a "dis-
positive" factor in its overall analysis. Id., at 47 -- 48. In the
end, after considering the above facts and the underlying
purposes of sovereign immunity, the Court concluded that
the Authority's status as a "discrete entity" that "generates
its own revenues" and "pays its own debts" ultimately ren-
dered it not an arm of the State. Id., at 52.
B
Although the Court's arm-of-the-State cases have ac-
counted for various considerations over time, those prece-
dents have consistently, and predominantly, examined
whether the State structured the entity as a legally sepa-
rate entity liable for its own judgments.
The clearest evidence that a State has created a legally
separate entity is that it created a corporation with the tra-
ditional corporate powers to sue and be sued, hold property,
make contracts, and incur debt. See Planters' Bank, 9
Wheat., at 907 -- 908; Lincoln County, 133 U. S., at 530 -- 531;
Hess, 513 U. S., at 44 -- 45. The corporate form is particu-
larly salient because it has "long [been] settled as a matter
of American corporate law that separately incorporated or-
ganizations are separate legal units with distinct legal
rights and obligations." Agency for Int'l Development v. Al-
liance for Open Society Int'l, Inc., (2020).
Indeed, "[s]eparate legal personality has been described as
'an almost indispensable aspect of the public corporation.' "
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

First Nat. City Bank v. Banco Para el Comercio Exterior de
Cuba, (1983).
In fact, a State might choose to create a corporation, ra-
ther than an unincorporated government agency, precisely
because of its independent legal status. This move allows
the State to distance the entity from burdens that apply to
the State itself or to distance the State from the burdens
that the corporate entity may incur. For instance, States
initially created banks as corporations in part because
States themselves are not permitted to "emit Bills of Credit"
under the Constitution. Art. I, ; see Briscoe, 36 U. S., at
326 -- 327. States have also created corporations to circum-
vent state constitutional debt limitations placed on state
agencies. See, e.g., Schulz v. State, 84 N. Y. 2d 231, 243 -- 
244, 639 N. E. 2d 1140, 1145 -- 1146 (1994). When it comes
to facilitating certain projects, such as high-risk, long-term
capital investments, States may establish corporations in
order to shield themselves from the responsibility and,
more importantly, the liability that the corporation's pro-
jects may incur. When a State makes such a decision,
courts should presume that the corporation enjoys all the
advantages and disadvantages of separate legal status, in-
cluding the fact that the corporate entity is no longer part
of the State itself.
The corporate form, however, is not the only structure
that signals the State has created a legally separate entity.
Other aspects of state law may indicate legal separateness
as well. Most obviously, the entity could be described as a
" 'separate legal entity.' " Lake Country, 440 U. S., at 401.
State law also might define the entity as not part of the
State for other purposes. See Moor, 411 U. S., at 719 (state
law defined county as a " 'local public entity' " instead of the
"State" for purposes of suits against public entities). The
ultimate question remains whether the State structured
the entity as part of itself or as legally independent.
12 GALETTE v. NEW JERSEY TRANSIT CORP.

Opinion of the Court

The Court's precedents also focus on whether the entity
is liable for its own judgments or whether the State is for-
mally liable, i.e., whether "any judgment" against the entity
"must be satisfied out of the state treasury." Hess, 513
U. S., at 51; Planters' Bank, 9 Wheat., at 907, see also Re-
gents, 519 U. S., at 430. One of the central "underlying ra-
tionales for state sovereign immunity" is protecting States'
"ability to make [their] own decisions about 'the allocation
of scarce resources.' " Lewis v. Clarke, 
(2017). If the State is for-
mally liable for judgments against an entity, that entity is
more likely to be an arm of the State because its liabilities
necessarily undermine the State's ability to make choices
about how to allocate the State fisc.
In contrast to formal legal liability, an entity's practical
financial relationship with the State, such as its expecta-
tion that the State would cover its judgments if needed, has
less relevance. Just as a State cannot lose its sovereign im-
munity by "requir[ing] a third party to reimburse it" (such
as by buying insurance), Regents, 519 U. S., at 431, a State
cannot imbue an entity with its immunity simply by agree-
ing to "pick up the tab" (such as by choosing to indemnify
the entity), Lewis, 581 U. S., at 165. Similarly, a State's
history of subsidizing an entity carries little weight. State
governments routinely fund nonprofits, private corpora-
tions, and municipalities, but the receipt of those state
funds does not mean that those entities become part of the
State itself, even when the funding is a "significant
amount," Mt. Healthy, 429 U. S., at 280.
Finally, the Court's cases also suggest that courts may
consider the degree of control the State exerts over the en-
tity, but courts should do so with caution. Control is not
especially probative because "ultimate control of every
state-created entity resides with the State," even those that
are not arms of the State. Hess, 513 U. S., at 47. Cities,
counties, school boards, and state-created banks have all
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

been recognized as legally separate entities from the States,
even though "the State may destroy or reshape any" of these
entities that "it create[d]." Ibid. Further, "[g]auging actual
control... can be a 'perilous inquiry' " and " 'an uncertain
and unreliable exercise.'" Ibid. ). That is because the State might
exercise control through various formal and informal lev-
ers, from appointing and removing officers, to directing pro-
jects or vetoing actions, to monitoring day-to-day opera-
tions, all of which are difficult to weigh against one another
individually, let alone when assessing them in different
combinations.
In fact, this Court has never once found a corporation
that was liable for its own judgments to be an arm of the
State, even when the State had significant control over the
entity. That includes cases in which the State was the sole
shareholder, possessed appointment and removal powers
over the entity's officers, and " 'manage[d]' " the entity's " 'af-
fairs.' " Wister, 2 Pet., at 323 -- 324 (Bank of Commonwealth
of Kentucky); see Briscoe, 36 U. S., at 344 (Story, J., dis-
senting) (describing Kentucky's appointment and removal
powers over the Bank of Commonwealth of Kentucky). It
also includes a case in which the State possessed appoint-
ment and removal powers over the entity's officers, veto
power over its actions, and "determine[d] the projects [it]
undert[ook]." Hess, 513 U. S., at 44 -- 47.5

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 This discussion is not intended to exhaust all considerations that may

be relevant to the arm-of-the-State analysis, and instead focuses on the
considerations most pertinent to these cases. Additional considerations
may apply, for example, in cases involving bistate entities or unincorpo-
rated entities. See Hess, 513 U. S., at 40 (describing that "[b]istate enti-
ties occupy a significantly different position in our federal system than
do the States themselves"); Auer v. Robbins, (1997) (cursorily conducting analysis to conclude that an unincorporated
Board of Police Commissioners, Mo. Rev. Stat..210, 84.030 (1994),
was not an arm of Missouri).
14 GALETTE v. NEW JERSEY TRANSIT CORP.

Opinion of the Court

C
Even if an entity is not an arm of the State, the Court has
long recognized that a State's sovereign immunity may still
require dismissal of the action if the State is the real party
in interest in that particular case. Although the arm-of-the-
State and the real-party-in-interest doctrines are related,
they can provide separate bases for dismissal.
When a State is not named as a defendant in a lawsuit,
it may still be the real party in interest. For instance, a
damages claim against a state or federal officer in their of-
ficial capacity is barred by sovereign immunity because
"[t]he real party in interest is the government entity, not
the named official." Lewis, 581 U. S., at 162; see Edelman
v. Jordan, -- 665 (1974) (suit for retroac-
tive damages against state official in his official capacity
required dismissal because it ran against the state treas-
ury). Similarly, a particular remedy may be barred by sov-
ereign immunity if it runs directly against the State. See
Ayers, 123 U. S., at 502 -- 503 (injunction to compel a State's
attorney general to perform contract required dismissal be-
cause it was "in substance, though not in form, a suit
against the state"); Governor of Georgia v. Madrazo, 1 Pet.
110, 123 -- 124 (1828) (equitable relief in suit against a Gov-
ernor required dismissal because "the state itself may be
considered as a party on the record"). In these instances,
the case or remedy requires dismissal because the State is
the real party in interest, not because the named defendant
is an arm of the State.
This Court's decision in Hopkins v. Clemson, (1911), helps illustrate the difference between these
two related paths of analysis. In Hopkins, a plaintiff sued
a state college for building an embankment on the side of a
river, which redirected the river's flow and "ruined" his
downstream property. Id., at 641 -- 642. He sought both
damages and an order to remove the embankment. The
Court held that the damages claim could proceed because
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

the college was not an arm of the State, explaining that the
college was instead a corporation that "might sue and be
sued, plead and be impleaded, in its corporate name." Id.,
at 646. Nevertheless, the Court explained that, because the
State owned the title to the land on which the embankment
sat, the State might be a "necessary party." Id., at 648 -- 649.
If so, any order to remove the embankment would run di-
rectly against the State and would require the State's con-
sent to be sued. Ibid. The Court therefore remanded for
the lower court to determine whether the State was a nec-
essary party and to "stri[ke]" that part of the suit if it was.
Id., at 649. In other words, the injunctive remedy would
have required dismissal if the State were the real party in
interest, but not because the college was an arm of the
State.6
III
A
Under the principles articulated above, NJ Transit is not
an arm of New Jersey.
To start, New Jersey structured NJ Transit as a legally
separate entity. NJ Transit was created as a "body corpo-
rate and politic with corporate succession." N. J. Stat.
:25 -- 4(a). Consistent with that label, NJ Transit pos-
sesses typical corporate powers, such as the power to "[s]ue
and be sued," "enter into contracts," and "[p]urchase,... or
otherwise acquire,... real or personal property," among
others. :25 -- 5(a), (j), (r). It also has the power to
"[m]ake and alter bylaws," "[s]et and collect fares," raise
funds from "gifts, grants, or loans," "[e]stablish" its own "op-
erating divisions, "[a]dopt and maintain" its own "employee
benefit programs," and even "[o]wn" and "control" any "cor-
porate entity" that it "acquired" or "formed" to carry out its
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 NJ Transit has never argued that New Jersey is the real party in in-

terest in either of these two cases. These cases therefore do not implicate
whether dismissal is required on this ground.
16 GALETTE v. NEW JERSEY TRANSIT CORP.

Opinion of the Court

statutory objectives. :25 -- 5(c), (g), (m), (n), (t), (u). NJ
Transit's corporate status serves as strong evidence that it
is not an arm of the State. See, e.g., Planters' Bank, 9
Wheat., at 907 -- 908; Hess, 513 U. S., at 44 -- 46.
True, NJ Transit's organic statute also labels it an "in-
strumentality of the State." :25 -- 4(a). The term "instru-
mentality," however, lacks the historical weight the corpo-
rate form does and says little about whether an entity is an
arm of the State. See, e.g., Regents, 519 U. S., at 429 (ask-
ing "whether a state instrumentality may invoke the State's
immunity," making clear that not all state instrumentali-
ties are immune). Moreover, other aspects of New Jersey
law undercut any inference that the term "instrumentality"
favors NJ Transit's position. The New Jersey Tort Claims
Act, for instance, excludes entities with sue-and-be-sued
authority, like NJ Transit, from its definition of the "State."
:1 -- 1, 59:1 -- 3 (2026). The New Jersey Contractual Lia-
bility Act also specifies that entities with sue-and-be-sued
authority are not part of the State. :13 -- 2. All told, NJ
Transit is therefore structured as a legally separate entity
under state law.
Second, the State is not formally liable for any of NJ
Transit's debts or liabilities. New Jersey law provides that
"[n]o debt or liability of the corporation shall be deemed or
construed to create or constitute a debt, liability, or a loan
or pledge of the credit of the State." :25 -- 17. Before this
Court, NJ Transit concedes that "New Jersey is not for-
mally liable for NJ Transit's debts." Brief for NJ Transit
34.
Finally, the control that New Jersey exerts over NJ
Transit does not change the overall conclusion here. Un-
doubtedly, the State exerts a substantial amount of control
over NJ Transit. The Governor has appointment and re-
moval powers over the Board, :25 -- 4(b); a state cabinet
member (the Commissioner of Transportation) chairs the
Board, :25 -- 4(d); the Governor may veto any of the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

Opinion of the Court

Board's actions, :25 -- 4(f ); and the Legislature may veto
some eminent-domain actions, :25 -- 13(h). On the other
hand, New Jersey law states that NJ Transit "shall be in-
dependent of any supervision or control by the [transporta-
tion] department or by any body or officer thereof," and re-
quires that it "exercise independent judgment." :25 -- 
4(a), 27:25 -- 4.1(b)(2)(d). In addition, the Governor's re-
moval authority for 8 of the 13 board members is limited to
for-cause removal. :25 -- 4(b). This level of control does
not meaningfully affect NJ Transit's status, given the fact
that it is a legally separate corporation and is responsible
for its own judgments.
B
NJ Transit's and its amici's counterarguments are una-
vailing. To start, NJ Transit contends that formal corpo-
rate status, which ordinarily includes a sue-and-be-sued
power, is not dispositive in the arm-of-the-State analysis.
True: As described above, the "corporation" label itself is
not dispositive. See supra, at 10 -- 11. NJ Transit, however,
is a corporation that has all the hallmarks of separate legal
personhood, such as the power to sue and be sued, make
contracts, and hold property in its own name, which all in-
dicate that it is not an arm of the State and does not share
in its immunity from suit. This Court has not previously
found a similarly structured corporation to be an arm of the
State.
NJ Transit also contends that this Court's precedents
have placed little weight on the formal aspects of corporate
separateness, such as sue-and-be-sued clauses, citing State
Highway Comm'n of Wyo. v. Utah Constr. Co., 
(1929), for support. First, that case does not help its posi-
tion. There, the Court held that a suit against the State
Highway Commission of Wyoming had to be dismissed (for
lack of diversity jurisdiction) because the contract at issue
was between a construction company and the "State [of
18 GALETTE v. NEW JERSEY TRANSIT CORP.

Opinion of the Court

Wyoming], acting through the highway commission," and
thus the "real part[y] in interest" was the State itself. Id.,
at 199 -- 200. Given that the suit, "in effect, [wa]s against
the State and must be so treated," it was "unnecessary for
[the Court] to consider" other formal aspects of legal sepa-
rateness like the Highway Commission's "grant of power to
sue or be sued." Id., at 199. The important fact was not
that the commission was, in the abstract, an arm of the
State; it was rather that this particular "suit" was against
the State as the "real part[y] in interest." Id., at 199 -- 200.
Second, and more importantly, many of this Court's cases
throughout history have emphasized that the corporate
form, which typically includes the power to sue and be sued,
weighs strongly against arm-of-the-State status. See su-
pra, at 6 -- 10.7
Next, NJ Transit argues that New Jersey demonstrated
its intent to create NJ Transit as an arm of the State by
describing it as serving "public and essential governmental
functions," :25 -- 4(a), and delegating to it "substantial
plenary public powers," such as the power to operate a
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 NJ Transit also relies on several cases that did not squarely confront

the arm-of-the-State inquiry. Two cases addressed whether, and to what
extent, a "sue and be sued" clause waives sovereign immunity. See
Thacker v. TVA, (2019); College Savings Bank v. Flor-
ida Prepaid Postsecondary Ed. Expense Bd., (1999).
Neither case addressed the relevance of the clause with respect to the
arm-of-the-State inquiry, however, because the Court assumed in both
cases that the entities at issue were entitled to sovereign immunity to
begin with. Thacker, 587 U. S., at 221; College Savings Bank, 527 U. S.,
at 671, 676. Another two cases held that a plaintiff State could sue an-
other State for actions taken by a state-created corporate agency at the
defendant State's direction. See Missouri v. Illinois, 
(1901); New York v. New Jersey, (1921). Those cases
did not address whether the corporate entities were arms of the State
(such that every suit against them should be considered a suit against
the State itself ), but rather held that the State was the proper defendant
in those particular cases because the State directed the agency to conduct
the activities over which the plaintiffs sued.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

Opinion of the Court

police force, exercise eminent domain power, and promul-
gate regulations, Brief for NJ Transit 22. The arm-of-the-
State analysis, however, focuses not on whether the entity
serves public functions, but rather on whether the State has
chosen to serve those public functions through its own ap-
paratus or through that of a legally separate entity. That
is why the Court has long recognized that cities and coun-
ties are not arms of the State despite serving public func-
tions and exercising police powers. See Lincoln County, 133
U. S., at 530 -- 531 (municipal corporations); Mt. Healthy,
429 U. S., at 281 (school board). It is also why a "charitable
organization may undertake rescue or other good work
which, in its absence, we would expect the State to shoul-
der[, b]ut none would conclude... that in times of flood or
famine the American Red Cross, to the extent it works for
the public, acquires the States'... immunity" as a result.
Hess, 513 U. S., at 51.
Moreover, assessing what qualifies as an essential gov-
ernmental function can be "unsound in principle and un-
workable in practice." Garcia v. San Antonio Metropolitan
Transit Authority, (1985). It has the ten-
dency to produce "inconsistent results" and hamper States'
abilities to experiment by forcing them to "pay an added
price when they meet the changing needs of their citizenry
by taking up functions that an earlier day and a different
society left in private hands." Id., at 546 -- 547. Here, for
example, transportation services and infrastructure are
"not readily classified as typically state or unquestionably
local" given that "States and municipalities alike own and
operate bridges, tunnels, ferries, marine terminals, air-
ports, bus terminals, industrial parks, [and] also commuter
railroads." Hess, 513 U. S., at 45. What is more, as shown
by the history of NJ Transit itself, these services and func-
tions used to be fulfilled primarily by private railroad and
bus companies. See supra, at 3 (describing NJ Transit's ac-
quisition of major private rail and bus companies). Instead
20 GALETTE v. NEW JERSEY TRANSIT CORP.

Opinion of the Court

of deciding whether the operation of commuter rail and
buses is a governmental function, the arm-of-the-State
analysis concentrates on the fact that New Jersey chose to
pursue those functions through the creation of a legally sep-
arate corporation.
NJ Transit also contends that the Court should consider
not only formal liability, but also the practical reality of its
financial relationship with the State. According to NJ
Transit, this includes whether and to what degree the State
funds the entity and whether the State is likely to voluntar-
ily pay the entity's judgments. Brief for NJ Transit 34 -- 37.
In support of this position, NJ Transit relies on Lake Coun-
try and Hess. Neither case bears the weight NJ Transit
places on it.
It is true, as Lake Country explained, that this Court has
allowed entities to invoke sovereign immunity "in order to
protect the state treasury from liability that would have
had essentially the same practical consequences as a judg-
ment against the State itself." 440 U. S., at 401. That
statement, however, relied on cases concerning whether a
State was the real party in interest in a particular lawsuit.
Ibid., and ). As discussed above, that is a separate question
from whether an entity is the arm of the State. See supra,
at 14 -- 15. On that question, Lake Country's arm-of-the-
State analysis discussed only whether the Compact "ex-
pressly provide[d] that obligations of [the entity] shall not
be binding on either State." 440 U. S., at 402 (emphasis
deleted).
Turning to Hess, that case framed the inquiry as asking
whether the "State [was] in fact obligated to bear" the en-
tity's judgments "both legally and practically," and men-
tioned that the entity had generated its own revenue for
years. 513 U. S., at 45 -- 46, 51. In answering that inquiry,
the Court focused on whether "the compact or the laws of
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 21

Opinion of the Court

either State" required them to do so, and the Court ulti-
mately concluded that the States' lack of "legal liability for
Port Authority debts" and formal "responsib[ility] for the
payment of judgments" cut against arm-of-the-State status.
Id., at 46. Hess's concentration on formal liability, rather
than an overall evaluation of the entity's financial relation-
ship with the State, is confirmed by this Court's other prec-
edents as well. See, e.g., Planters' Bank, 9 Wheat., at 907
("judgment[s]" against state-created bank would "be satis-
fied by the property of the corporation, not by that of the
individual corporators"); Moor, 411 U. S., at 719 (the
"county alone" would be "liable for all judgments").8
Hinging an entity's arm-of-the-State status to the practi-
cal realities of state funding also risks arbitrary distinc-
tions and inconsistent treatment of the same entity. These
cases illustrate the problem: In the last 35 years, New Jer-
sey's funding of NJ Transit's annual operating budget has
oscillated anywhere from 15% to 46% of the budget. Brief
for NJ Transit 35. Although NJ Transit maintains that it
is and has always been an arm of New Jersey, it offers no
meaningful way to decide how much funding is enough to
prove it is "financially integrated with the State and finan-
cially dependent on it." Id., at 34. The more apt question
instead is whether the State would be formally obligated to
pay the entity's judgments. See, e.g., Planters' Bank, 9
Wheat., at 907; Moor, 411 U. S., at 719.
More generally, NJ Transit advocates for an arm-of-the-
State inquiry that places more weight on the State's control

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 Hess also discussed two Circuit cases involving "transit facilities that

place[d] heavy fiscal tolls on their founding States." 513 U. S., at 49 -- 50.
In those cases, even though the entities' originating statutes did not
make the States liable for their judgments, the States operated the re-
spective entities under distinctive federal statutory obligations not pre-
sent here. See Alaska Cargo Transp., Inc. v. Alaska R. Corp., 5 F. 3d
378, 381 (CA9 1993); Morris v. WMATA, 781 F. 2d 218, 225 -- 227 (CADC
1986).
22 GALETTE v. NEW JERSEY TRANSIT CORP.

Opinion of the Court

over, and practical financial relationship with, the entity.
For support, NJ Transit points to a series of cases outside
the sovereign immunity context. See Biden v. Nebraska,
(2023) (standing); Arkansas v. Texas, (1953) (standing); Lebron v. National Railroad
Passenger Corporation, (1995) (First Amend-
ment); Osborn v. Bank of United States, 9 Wheat. 738
(1824) (intergovernmental tax immunity). As those very
cases warned, however, an entity "can count as part of the
State for some but not 'other purposes.' " Nebraska, 600
U. S., at 494, ; see Lebron, 513 U. S., at 392, 400 (hold-
ing that Amtrak is "part of the Government for purposes of
the First Amendment" but lacks the Government's "sover-
eign immunity"); see also Priddy, 295 U. S., at 235 ("Im-
munity of corporate government agencies from suit and ju-
dicial process... is less readily implied than immunity
from taxation"). Accordingly, the analysis in those cases
has little bearing on the arm-of-the-State analysis here.
Finally, 23 States contend as amici curiae that the cur-
rent use of multifactor balancing tests in the lower courts
has created significant uncertainty. To address this prob-
lem, they urge this Court to adopt a rule that a State's own
characterization of an entity, such as New Jersey's labeling
of NJ Transit as an "instrumentality of the State," should
be dispositive.
One problem with the States' position is that it focuses on
the label a State places on an entity, rather than assessing
whether the State structured the entity as legally separate.
See supra, at 12. Another problem is that the States' posi-
tion prioritizes one of New Jersey's characterizations, the
term "instrumentality," over another, "body corporate."
There is no good reason to believe that the State intended
for NJ Transit to be part of the State itself by using the
word "instrumentality," when it simultaneously used the
word "body corporate," a term traditionally understood to
create a "[s]eparate legal personality." First Nat. City
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 23

Opinion of the Court

Bank, 462 U. S., at 625; see Moor, 693 U. S., at 719 -- 720
(holding that designation as " 'body corporate' " showed lack
of arm-of-the-State status even though state law deemed
counties " 'subdivisions of the State' "). The States' pre-
ferred test that any label a State chooses is dispositive
therefore does not promote predictability in the treatment
of state-created entities because it still requires courts to
decide which state-law pronouncement is dispositive. In-
stead, what promotes consistency is adhering to a long line
of cases in which this Court has found state-created corpo-
rations that are formally liable for their own judgments not
to be arms of the States that created them.
Of course, all States maintain the power to "structure
themselves as they wish." Berger v. North Carolina State
Conference of the NAACP, (2022). To the
extent New Jersey, and other States, created such corpo-
rate entities intending that they would remain part of the
State and that the State would formally assume their lia-
bilities, the States are always free to amend their laws.
IV
NJ Transit is not an arm of New Jersey and thus is not
entitled to share in New Jersey's interstate sovereign im-
munity. The judgment of the New York Court of Appeals is
affirmed, the judgment of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court
is reversed, and the cases are remanded for further proceed-
ings not inconsistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

============================================================

JUSTICE ALITO, concurring in grant of stay.
These cases concern a state-court order that blatantly
discriminates on the basis of race. The New York Supreme
Court (that State's trial-level court) ordered the New York
Independent Redistricting Commission to draw a new con-
gressional district for the express purpose of ensuring that
"minority voters" are able to elect the candidate of their
choice. 1 App. to Emergency Application for Stay 15a.
2 MALLIOTAKIS v. WILLIAMS

ALITO, J., concurring

That is unadorned racial discrimination, an inherently
" 'odious' " activity that violates the Fourteenth Amend-
ment's Equal Protection Clause except in the "most extraor-
dinary case." Students for Fair Admissions, Inc. v. Presi-
dent and Fellows of Harvard College, 
(2023). Extraordinary circumstances exist only when the
challenged state conduct is narrowly tailored to achieve a
"compelling" interest, and our precedents have identified
only two compelling interests that can justify race-based
government action: (1) mitigating prison-specific risks and
(2) "remediating specific, identified instances of past dis-
crimination that violated the Constitution or a statute."
Id., at 206 -- 207. Neither of those interests is present here.
Instead, the court based its injunction on an interpretation
of state law. But under the Supremacy Clause, a state law
cannot authorize the violation of federal rights. It is there-
fore an understatement to say that applicants are likely to
succeed on the merits of their equal protection claim.
Despite this, the New York courts refused to stay the trial
court's order. After that highly questionable injunction was
issued, the applicants filed appeals in both the Appellate
Division (the State's intermediate appellate court) and the
Court of Appeals (its highest court) challenging the trial
court's order on federal constitutional grounds. At the same
time, applicants asked both courts to stay the trial court's
order. The Appellate Division refused to issue a stay, and
by order issued on February 11, the Court of Appeals sent
the appeal filed in that court to the Appellate Division and
dismissed applicants' motions for a stay.
With nowhere else to turn, the applicants asked us to is-
sue a stay, and we have jurisdiction to entertain their ap-
plication. Title 28 U. S. C. gives us jurisdiction to
review "[f]inal judgments or decrees" that are rendered by
a State's highest court and adjudicate federal constitutional
claims, and the Court of Appeals' February 11 order falls
within that category. Our decision in National Socialist
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

ALITO, J., concurring

Party of America v. Skokie, (1977) (per cu-
riam), makes that clear. In that case, a trial court issued
an injunction that prohibited petitioner's members from en-
gaging in various forms of expression. Without providing
any reasoning, both the State's intermediate appellate
court and supreme court denied applications for a stay
pending appeal, and the latter court also refused to hear the
stay applicants' appeal prior to the time when their consti-
tutional rights would be violated. See App. to Application
for Stay in National Socialist Party of America v. Skokie,
O. T. 1976, pp. 5a -- 7a (unreasoned orders by
the State's intermediate and supreme courts). We held that
by "den[ying] both the stay and leave for an expedited ap-
peal," the State Supreme Court was necessarily rendering
a final judgment or decree on "the merits of petitioners'
claim that the outstanding injunction will deprive them of
rights protected by the" Constitution "during the period of
appellate review." Skokie, 432 U. S., at 43 -- 44. The same
is true here: The New York Court of Appeals' decision not
to grant a stay or hear a direct appeal was effectively a final
determination on the merits of the applicants' claim that
the outstanding injunction is depriving them of their con-
stitutional rights pending appeal. Because the situation
here is not materially different from that in Skokie, we have
jurisdiction.
We are likewise authorized to grant a stay because it is
"necessary or appropriate in aid of [our] jurisdiction." 28
U. S. C.. That requirement is met when a stay is
"necessary to prevent a state court from so interfering with
a federal court's consideration or disposition of a case as to
seriously impair the federal court's flexibility and authority
to decide that case." Atlantic Coast Line R. Co. v. Locomo-
tive Engineers, (1970).
That is the situation here because there is an unaccepta-
bly strong possibility that the applicants' appeal in the state
court system will not conclude until it is too late for us to
4 MALLIOTAKIS v. WILLIAMS

ALITO, J., concurring

review the ultimate decision by means of a writ of certio-
rari, even if it appears that the decision is based on a seri-
ously mistaken understanding of the Constitution. By
then, the principle of restraint we recognized in Purcell v.
Gonzalez, (2006) (per curiam), may counsel
against the issuance of an injunction. An injunction is an
equitable remedy, and such relief may be inequitable if it is
issued shortly before an election, when candidates, election
officials, and voters have relied on the rules in place at that
time. Ibid.
At this point, however, the Purcell principle does not
counsel against a stay. That principle concerns "[l]ate judi-
cial tinkering" that "can lead to disruption and to unantici-
pated and unfair consequences for candidates, political par-
ties, and voters, among others." Merrill v. Milligan, 595
U. S. ___, ___ (2022) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in grant
of application for stay). Here, our stay, far
from causing disruption or upsetting legitimate expecta-
tions, eliminates much of the uncertainty and confusion
that would exist if the Independent Redistricting Commis-
sion proceeded to draw a new district that this Court would
likely strike down if the cases reached us in time.
For these reasons, the stay issued by the Court rests on
sound and well-established legal grounds. JUSTICE
SOTOMAYOR's accusation of two-faced practice, post, at 1, is
baseless, and her 13-page dissent is most notable for what
it conspicuously omits: even the most tepid imaginable de-
fense of the constitutionality of the trial court's order. In-
stead, her disquisition ducks that issue and demands that
we wait until the completion of a series of events that would
likely run out the clock before we could review the order.
That would provide a way of achieving what full review
would not permit: the use of an unconstitutional district in
the November election and the election of a Member of the
House of Representatives whose entitlement to the office
would be tainted. That is a prospect this Court should not
countenance.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25A914
_________________

NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS, ET AL. v. MICHAEL
WILLIAMS, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
_________________

No. 25A915
_________________

PETER KOSINSKI, ET AL. v. MICHAEL
WILLIAMS, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY
[March 2, 2026]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE KAGAN and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting from grant of stay.
The Court's 101-word unexplained order can be summa-
rized in just 7: "Rules for thee, but not for me." Time and
again, this Court has said that federal courts have limited
jurisdiction. Time and again, this Court has said that fed-
eral courts should not interfere with state-court litigation.
Time and again, this Court has said that federal courts
should not meddle with state election laws ahead of an elec-
tion. Today, the Court says: except for this one, except for
this one, and except for this one. Ignoring every limit on
federal courts' authority, the Court takes the unprece-
dented step of staying a state trial court's decision in a re-
districting dispute on matters of state law without giving
the State's highest court a chance to act. Because that or-
der violates basic principles of jurisdiction, federalism, and
equity, I respectfully dissent.
2 MALLIOTAKIS v. WILLIAMS

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

I
New York's Eleventh Congressional District is located in
New York City and covers all of Staten Island and part of
southwestern Brooklyn. Representative Nicole Malliotakis
currently represents the district.
In October 2025, New York voters sued state election of-
ficials in the Supreme Court of New York, the State's trial
court, to challenge the district's lines. They claimed that
the district as drawn violates the New York Constitution
because it dilutes Black and Latino votes. Representative
Malliotakis intervened to defend the current map.
Following a 4-day trial in early January, the trial court
sided with the voters. It first observed that this action pre-
sented "an issue of first impression" because "New York
courts have yet to determine the appropriate legal standard
to evaluate a vote dilution claim" under the New York Con-
stitution. Williams v. Board of Elections, ___ N. Y. S. 3d
___, ___, 2026 N. Y. Slip Op. 26015, *2 (Jan. 21, 2026). Ap-
plying a new legal standard, the trial court held that, based
on the totality of the circumstances, the district as drawn
denied Black and Latino voters the equal "opportunity to
participate in the political process... and to elect repre-
sentatives of their choice" guaranteed to them by Article III, of the New York Constitution.
The trial court then enjoined New York's current congres-
sional map and ordered New York's Independent Redis-
tricting Commission to redraw the district as a "crossover"
district that met three criteria.1 First, under the remedial
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 A crossover district is one in which minority voters do not constitute

a majority in a district but are able to elect their preferred candidates
through "crossover" support from White voters. The trial court's discus-
sion of crossover districts relied heavily on Justice Souter's separate
writings, which have been especially influential in this area. See Wil-
liams v. Board of Elections, ___ N. Y. S. 3d ___, ___, 2026 N. Y. Slip Op.
26015, *6 (Jan. 21, 2026); see also League of United Latin American Cit-
izens v. Perry, -- 491 (2006) (Souter, J., concurring in
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

district's lines, minority voters must be able to elect their
preferred candidates in primary elections. Second, minor-
ity-favored candidates must typically win general elections.
Third, the district must ensure that minority voters' sup-
port is decisive in primary elections. The court's order also
made clear that the case would not be "resolved until the
successful implementation of a new Congressional Map
complying with [its] order." ___ N. Y. S. 3d, at ___, 2026
N. Y. Slip Op. 26015, *8. As of today, the Commission has
not yet drawn a new district.
Defendants appealed to both the Appellate Division (New
York's intermediate court) and the Court of Appeals (New
York's highest court) on January 26 and simultaneously
sought a stay pending appeal from both courts. Together,
they argued that the trial court's order requiring a new dis-
trict to be drawn violates the Federal Due Process Clause,
Elections Clause, and Equal Protection Clause even before
any new district had been drawn. On February 11, the
Court of Appeals transferred its appeal to the Appellate Di-
vision on the grounds that defendants could not first appeal
directly to the Court of Appeals. See 1 App. to Emergency
Application 20a -- 21a (App.); see also N.Y. Const., Art. VI,
; N. Y. C. P. L. R. (2).
The next day, without a response from the Appellate Di-
vision, defendants applied to this Court for an emergency
stay pending appeal. While the applications were pending,
the Appellate Division denied a stay pending appeal. Supp.
App. 102 -- 103. Since that denial, defendants have neither
sought leave to appeal the denial nor asked for a stay from
the New York Court of Appeals, an obvious place "to turn"
to for relief, see ante, at 2; see also N. Y. C. P. L. R.,
5602.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
part and dissenting in part); Bartlett v. Strickland, -- 35
(2009) (Souter, J., dissenting) (discussing crossover claims under of
the Voting Rights Act); see also id., at 22 (plurality opinion) (discussing
Justice Souter's proposed definition).
4 MALLIOTAKIS v. WILLIAMS

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

II
Today, the Court takes the astonishing, unexplained step
of staying a state trial court's order before the state high
court has had a chance to weigh in. To do so, the majority
had to conclude that it has jurisdiction to act, that acting
now is consistent with the bedrock federalism values under-
lying its jurisdictional limits, and that the equities favor
granting this relief despite the Court's repeated admoni-
tions to proceed cautiously when intervening in state elec-
tions or court proceedings. The Court goes badly wrong at
every turn.
A
To begin, this Court has repeatedly held that federal
courts are courts of limited jurisdiction. See, e.g., Hain Ce-
lestial Group, Inc. v. Palmquist, 607 U. S. ___, ___ (2026)
; Kempe's Lessee v. Kennedy, 5 Cranch 173,
185 (1809) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court). If a lower federal
court lacks jurisdiction, then it cannot act. Hain, 607 U. S.,
at ___.
This Court's jurisdiction is supposed to be limited too, es-
pecially as to state-court proceedings. Title 28 U. S. C.
allows this Court to review "[f]inal judgments or
decrees rendered by the highest court of a State" that im-
plicate federal law. As this Court has explained, 
"establishes a firm final judgment rule," requiring a state-
court judgment to be final " 'in two senses: it must be subject
to no further review or correction in any other state tribu-
nal; it must also be final as an effective determination of the
litigation and not of merely interlocutory or intermediate
steps therein.' " Jefferson v. City of Tarrant, (1997). Put simply, the decision on review " 'must be the
final word of a final court.' " Ibid.
Here, there is no final decision from any state court, let
alone New York's highest court, on any federal question.
After the New York trial court entered its interim order,
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

defendants ran to this Court and sought a stay of that order
before either the Appellate Division or the Court of Appeals
had weighed in on the merits. Needless to say, an order by
a state trial court is not a decision by "the highest court of
a State.". While these applications were pending
before this Court, the Appellate Division denied a stay. The
Appellate Division's order cannot satisfy, however,
because that denial is reviewable by the New York Court of
Appeals. See N. Y. C. P. L. R.. Yet defendants have
not even asked the Court of Appeals to act following the Ap-
pellate Division's denial.
This procedural defect should be fatal. In every other
case in which this Court has granted emergency relief from
a state-court decision, the State's highest court either de-
nied it first or failed to act promptly on a request for it. See,
e.g., National Socialist Party of America v. Skokie, -- 44 (1977) (per curiam); CBS Inc. v. Davis, (1994) (Blackmun, J., in chambers);
Volkswagenwerk A. G. v. Falzon, -- 1305
(1983) (O'Connor, J., in chambers); M. I. C., Ltd. v. Bedford
Township, -- 1343 (1983) (Brennan, J.,
in chambers); Nebraska Press Assn. v. Stuart, -- 1329 (1975) (Blackmun, J., in chambers). That
is true even of cases that came to this Court through New
York courts. In Yeshiva Univ. v. YU Pride Alliance, 597
U. S. ___ (2022), for instance, this Court denied an emer-
gency application to stay a permanent injunction entered
by a New York trial court because "applicants h[ad] at least
two further avenues for expedited or interim state court re-
lief," including by seeking a stay from the New York Court
of Appeals. Id., at ___ ; see also New Jersey
Transit Corp. v. Colt, (2025) (staying state-
court trial only after applicants were denied relief by the
Appellate Division and the Court of Appeals, see Applica-
tion for Stay, O. T. 2024, No. 25A287, p. 2).
6 MALLIOTAKIS v. WILLIAMS

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Defendants contend that they cannot ask the Court of Ap-
peals for relief. Not so. Although the Court of Appeals pre-
viously transferred their appeal to the Appellate Division,
it did so because it lacked jurisdiction over the initial direct
appeal of the trial court's order that had bypassed the Ap-
pellate Division. See App. 20a -- 21a, 5(b); N. Y. C. P. L. R. (2)). In
denying a procedurally improper appeal, the Court of Ap-
peals did not close its doors to a procedurally proper one
later. JUSTICE ALITO claims that National Socialist Party
of America v. Skokie, "makes... clear" that
this transfer order is a final judgment under.
Ante, at 2 -- 3 (concurring opinion). That is wrong. In Skokie,
petitioners sought, and were denied, interim relief from the
state intermediate and high courts before seeking relief
from this Court. 432 U. S., at 43 -- 44. Based on those deni-
als of relief, the Court concluded that the state high court
had "finally determined the merits of petitioners' claim."
Id., at 44. No such determination has occurred here. The
New York Court of Appeals did not resolve anything on the
merits, much less finally, when it told defendants to seek
relief from the Appellate Division first.2
As for the Appellate Division, defendants claim that that
court denied them leave to appeal the denial of stay. It did
no such thing: All it did was deny their request for leave to
appeal the trial court's order directly to the Court of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Skokie is also distinguishable because it involved a prior restraint on

speech. This Court has long held that a prior restraint carries "a heavy
presumption against its constitutional validity" and can be "tolerated"
only where a litigant may seek "an almost immediate judicial determi-
nation of the validity of the restraint." Bantam Books, Inc. v. Sullivan,
(1963). This Court has not expanded this exception be-
yond that uniquely unconstitutional type of law. 16B C. Wright, A. Mil-
ler, and E. Cooper, Federal Practice and Procedure (3d ed., 2025
Supp.) (Skokie "may signify little for general doctrine" because it "rested
finality on such special reasons" and "has not yet had a sweeping impact
on general finality doctrine").
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Appeals. Supp. App. 102 -- 103. Besides, even if the Appel-
late Division denied defendants leave to appeal the denial
of stay, defendants still may seek that same relief from the
Court of Appeals directly. N. Y. C. P. L. R. ;
(2) (permitting a litigant to seek leave to appeal
from the Court of Appeals "upon refusal by the appellate
division" as to "an order of the appellate division which does
not finally determine [the] proceeding").
Until defendants try to obtain relief from New York's
highest court, this Court cannot and should not act. That
defendants have not taken that modest step should have
resulted in the denial of the stay they seek.3
B
The limits on this Court's authority to review state
courts' judgments exist for a reason: They reinforce basic
federalism values. This Court has long held that, con-
sistent with States' sovereignty, state courts can resolve
both federal- and state-law issues. See Claflin v. House-
man, -- 137 (1876). This Court has also rec-
ognized that, as early as 1793, "Congress adopted a general
policy under which state proceedings 'should normally be
allowed to continue unimpaired by intervention of the lower
federal courts, with relief from error, if any, through the
state appellate courts and ultimately this Court.' " Chick
Kam Choo v. Exxon Corp., (1988); see 28
U. S. C.. This policy of allowing state courts to adju-
dicate cases free of federal interference, even when those
cases involve federal issues, "is a necessary concomitant of
the Framers' decision to authorize, and Congress' decision

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 JUSTICE ALITO faults me for "duck[ing]" the merits. Ante, at 4. Juris-

dictional rules, however, do not depend on the underlying merits. Lance
v. Coffman, (2007) (per curiam) (Federal courts "must
determine that they have jurisdiction before proceeding to the merits");
but see ante, at 1 -- 2 (discussing merits before jurisdiction).
8 MALLIOTAKIS v. WILLIAMS

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

to implement, a dual system of federal and state courts."
Chick Kam Choo, 486 U. S., at 146.
To persuade this Court to violate these principles and in-
terfere with the New York courts, defendants assert that
this Court must act now because doing so is "necessary or
appropriate in aid of [this Court's] jurisdictio[n]" under the
All Writs Act.. That assertion is perplexing. This
Court lacks jurisdiction over the trial court's interlocutory
order, see supra, at 4 -- 7, and "[w]e have long held [that t]he
authority to issue a writ under the All Writs Act is not a
font of jurisdiction," United States v. Denedo, (2009).
Even assuming that that Act permits this Court to go be-
yond its jurisdictional limits, it requires that the Court's ac-
tions today aid its ability to hear and decide a federal ques-
tion later.4 See Atlantic Coast Line R. Co. v. Locomotive
Engineers, (1970). The majority's unrea-
soned order, however, gives no reasons at all for why its in-
tervention meets that requirement. Defendants, for their
part, argue that this Court's intervention is needed because
the primary election is right around the corner. If this
Court does not act now, they say, then it will not be able to
act before the election.
That argument starts from a flawed premise. It assumes,
for no apparent reason, that this Court will need to act at
all, never mind by any deadline. If the trial court's federal
constitutional errors are as obvious as defendants claim
they are, then the Court of Appeals could very well give
them the relief they seek. The Court of Appeals also could
decide that the trial court decided a novel question of state
constitutional law incorrectly or that the novelty of the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Title 28 U. S. C. also does not authorize the relief defendants

seek. That statute permits this Court to stay a "final judgment or decree
of any court [that] is subject to review by the Supreme Court on writ of
certiorari." For all the reasons explained in the text, there is no final
judgment reviewable by this Court.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

state-law question warrants a stay pending appeal. It also
could decide that the trial court erred on any one of several
independent state-law grounds that defendants have raised
in the courts below. See Brief for Respondent Kathy Hochul
et al. 16 -- 20. Yet neither defendants nor the majority afford
the Court of Appeals a chance to do any of those things.
Next, defendants' supposed time constraints are illusory.
The general election is eight months away and the primary
is about four months away. That is more than enough time
for defendants to, at the very least, seek a stay from the
Court of Appeals. It is also enough time for the New York
courts to decide this case finally on the merits. The New
York courts are surely aware that their State is without a
congressional districting plan in the middle of an election
year and that they must act swiftly in the weeks ahead.
The New York Constitution directs state courts to do just
that: They must prioritize apportionment disputes above all
other matters. See Art. VI,. New York courts take that
command seriously. In 2022, for example, the Appellate Di-
vision decided an appeal in a partisan gerrymandering
challenge in just 21 days. As for the Court of Appeals, it
needed only 6.5
Even if 6 days is still somehow not fast enough for the
majority, New York courts can move the primary election
date. They did just that in 2022 to leave enough time to
resolve state-court litigation, ensure that state law was be-
ing followed, and give the State enough time to implement
new maps before the election. See United States v. New
York, 2022 WL 1473259, *1 (NDNY, May 10, 2022); see also
Harkenrider v. Hochul, 38 N. Y. 3d 494, 522, 197 N. E. 3d
437, 454 -- 455 (2022).
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The trial court issued its decision on March 31, 2022. Harkenrider v.

Hochul, 173 N. Y. S. 3d 109. The Appellate Division decided the appeal
on April 21, 2022. Harkenrider v. Hochul, 204 App. Div. 3d 1366, 167
N. Y. S. 3d 659. The Court of Appeals issued its decision on April 27,
2022. Harkenrider v. Hochul, 38 N. Y. 3d 494, 197 N. E. 3d 437.
10 MALLIOTAKIS v. WILLIAMS

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

In short, there is every reason to think that the New York
courts will fully, swiftly, and prudently resolve this case be-
fore the primary election. Basic federalism principles,
which have bound federal courts since the founding, require
giving the New York courts a fair opportunity to do so. The
majority, however, denies them that chance.
C
The majority's decision to grant relief here is also irrec-
oncilable with its repeated admonishing of lower federal
courts not to interfere with state election laws on the "eve
of an election." Republican National Committee v. Demo-
cratic National Committee, (2020) (per
curiam). Known as the "Purcell principle," this doctrine
generally holds that, because late-breaking changes to elec-
tion procedures can cause chaos, federal courts should hes-
itate before exercising their equitable discretion to alter
state election laws close to an election. Merrill v. Milligan,
595 U. S. ___, ___ (2022) (KAVANAUGH, J., concurring in
grant of application for stays) ; see also Purcell
v. Gonzalez, (2006) (per curiam). Importantly,
this Court has never applied Purcell to prevent state courts
from adjudicating state-law election disputes, even when
state-court action might cause "confusion," ante, at 4. "It is
one thing for a State on its own to toy with its election laws
close to a State's elections. But it is quite another thing for
a federal court to swoop in and re-do a State's election laws
in the period close to an election." See Milligan, 595 U. S.,
at ___ (opinion of KAVANAUGH, J.).
The Court has deployed Purcell at least three times in the
last five years to stay federal-court injunctions of state re-
districting plans months ahead of an upcoming election.
Just this past December, the Court relied on Purcell to stay
a Federal District Court's injunction against Texas's con-
gressional districting plan ahead of the primary election in
March. Abbott v. League of United Latin American Citizens,
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

607 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (LULAC) ; see id., at
___ (KAGAN, J., dissenting from grant of application for
stay). That District Court, this Court
chided, "improperly inserted itself into an active primary
campaign, causing much confusion and upsetting the deli-
cate federal-state balance in elections." Id., at ___ (majority
opinion). Similarly, this Court stayed a Fed-
eral District Court's injunction of Alabama's congressional
districts issued four months ahead of the next primary elec-
tion, even though this Court later held that map unlawful.
Milligan, 595 U. S., at ___ ; see id., at ___
(KAGAN, J., dissenting from grant of application for stays)
; Allen v. Milligan, (2023). It
even stayed a federal injunction of Louisiana's congres-
sional districts more than six months before the next elec-
tion. Robinson v. Callais, 601 U. S. ___ (2024) ; see id., at ___ (JACKSON, J., dissenting from grant of ap-
plications for stay).
I disagreed with the majority's position in those cases
that the "eve" of an election is four (never mind six) months
long. Apparently, the majority now thinks so too, but only
for this case. Four months before an election may be too
late for a lower federal court to act, but it is not too late for
this Court to upend a State's administration of its own elec-
tion laws. What was "imprope[r]" just this past December,
LULAC, 607 U. S., at ___, is now "necessary
or appropriate," 28 U. S. C.. Both state courts and
lower federal courts deserve more than the majority's unex-
plained about-face.6
Some Members of this Court have expressed the view
that Purcell does not bar federal-court action when "the un-
derlying merits are entirely clearcut in favor of the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 JUSTICE ALITO suggests that this Court must act today because Pur-

cell might prevent it from acting later. Ante, at 4. In so doing, he turns
what is supposed to be a "principle of restraint," ibid., into an excuse for
intemperance.
12 MALLIOTAKIS v. WILLIAMS

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

plaintiff." Milligan, 595 U. S., at ___ (opinion of
KAVANAUGH, J.). Whatever clarity the ma-
jority may have found in this case is hard to discern. The
trial court's order, to be sure, calls for creating a crossover
district, and Members of this Court have previously noted
that intentionally creating such a district raises "serious
constitutional questions." Bartlett v. Strickland, (2009) (plurality opinion) (addressing crossover dis-
tricts). Even so, no remedial district has been drawn yet,
and it is not remotely clear that one would have been drawn
after the New York appellate courts reviewed the trial
court's decision. The majority, however, seems to have no
doubts that whatever district may or may not be drawn nec-
essarily will violate the Federal Constitution, regardless of
how it might be configured, regardless of how the New York
Independent Redistricting Commission might go about
drawing it, and regardless of what state law might actually
require. All this, even though this Court has purposefully
left open the constitutionality of crossover districts. See
Bartlett, 556 U. S., at 21 (plurality opinion); see also Be-
thune-Hill v. Virginia State Bd. of Elections, (2017) (holding that "the use of an express racial target"
in redistricting must be evaluated in context based on the
district as a whole). The Court should not so prematurely
and dismissively decide so serious a question.7
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Far from "baseless," ante, at 4, my opinion is based entirely on what

JUSTICE ALITO and the majority have done in the recent past. JUSTICE
ALITO frets that if the Court does not act today, then New York may be
able to hold an election using an illegal map. Ibid. Yet he himself relied
on Purcell just four years ago to permit Alabama to hold an election using
a map that this Court later held was unlawful under a "faithfu[l] ap-
pli[cation of] our precedents" and "the law as it exists." Allen v. Milligan,
(2023); Merrill v. Milligan, 595 U. S. ___, ___ (2022)
(KAVANAUGH, J., joined by ALITO, J., concurring). In any
event, JUSTICE ALITO's fears are unwarranted. Again, the general elec-
tion is eight months away. During that time, defendants could seek a
stay of the trial court's order before the Court of Appeals, or reversal on
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

* * *
If this Court's grasping reach extends even to a nonfinal
decision of a state trial court, then every decision from any
court is now fair game. By granting these applications, the
Court thrusts itself into the middle of every election-law
dispute around the country, even as many States redraw
their congressional maps ahead of the 2026 election. It also
invites parties searching for a sympathetic ear to file emer-
gency applications directly with this Court, without even
bothering to ask the state courts first. There is much rea-
son to question whether the majority will exercise its new-
found authority wisely, but there is no reason to question
this: If you build it, they will come.
I respectfully dissent.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
the merits before both the Appellate Division and the Court of Appeals.
If neither of those courts grants them relief, then a new map will have to
be devised and implemented to replace the enjoined one so that a general
election can occur in November. Thus, there will be some juncture in the
months ahead at which defendants could return to this Court with an
order that actually falls within its jurisdiction.

============================================================

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE JACKSON joins,
dissenting from denial of certiorari.
This case asks whether federal law prohibits the poorest
prisoners from splitting the $350 fee required to file a fed-
eral lawsuit when it allows everyone else to do so. The an-
swer statutorily appears to be no. Because the decision be-
low held otherwise and deepened a split among the Courts
of Appeals, the Court should grant the petition for a writ of
certiorari.
I
A
Filing a federal lawsuit costs money. Title 28 U. S. C.
provides that "parties instituting any civil action"
must "pay a filing fee of $350." Because that fee is assessed
per case, if multiple plaintiffs file one case, they can split
the fee among themselves. See.
Not everyone, whether filing alone or together, can pay
$350. Rather than close the courthouse doors to those fac-
ing financial hardship, federal law permits indigent plain-
tiffs to proceed "in forma pauperis," or IFP.. Dis-
trict courts may except IFP plaintiffs from paying the full
filing fee and other fees if they make a sufficient showing of
financial need when they initiate their lawsuit. Ibid.
There is an exception to this exception. Under the Prison
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (PLRA), federal courts may
2 JOHNSON v. HIGH DESERT STATE PRISON

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

not waive or reduce the filing fee for an indigent prisoner
proceeding IFP. (1). Instead, the statute provides
that a prisoner proceeding IFP "shall be required to pay the
full amount of a filing fee," and instructs courts to deduct
the fee in installments from the prisoner's account. Ibid.
At the same time, the PLRA specifies that "[i]n no event
shall the filing fee collected exceed the amount of fees per-
mitted by statute for the commencement of a civil action."
(3).
B
Petitioners Topaz Johnson and Ian Henderson were in-
carcerated at High Desert State Prison in California when
they filed this lawsuit in federal court. According to their
complaint, corrections officers forced them and a third pris-
oner to stand in filthy cages that reeked of urine and meas-
ured 2.5 feet by 2.5 feet. They alleged that the officers
forced them to stand in those cages for nearly nine hours
with their hands cuffed behind their backs.
Petitioners and the third prisoner then jointly sued, con-
tending that their treatment violated the Eighth Amend-
ment. They also sought leave to proceed IFP and filed affi-
davits stating that they had no money in their accounts and
no income.
The District Court ordered the three prisoners to file
three separate lawsuits. It concluded that, because the
PLRA requires IFP prisoners to pay "the full amount of a
filing fee," but also prohibits federal courts from collecting
more than "the amount of fees permitted by statute," each
plaintiff had to file his own lawsuit and pay the full $350
fee in order to proceed IFP. (1), (3). The District
Court therefore severed petitioners from the case. Petition-
ers then appealed.
The Ninth Circuit reversed the decision to sever, but af-
firmed as to the filing fee, holding that the three plaintiffs
could proceed in one suit but each needed to pay $350. 127
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

F. 4th 123, 134 (2025). Agreeing with the Third, Seventh,
and Eleventh Circuits, the Ninth Circuit held that the
PLRA requires each individual prisoner to pay the full fil-
ing fee. Judge Graber dissented as to the filing fee. Id., at
137. The full Ninth Circuit denied en banc review. 145
F. 4th 1052 (2025). Judge Fletcher, joined by Judge Graber,
issued a statement in which he expressed "the hope the Su-
preme Court will grant certiorari." Id., at 1058.
II
The Ninth Circuit's decision is likely incorrect. Starting
with the text, (1) and (b)(1) create an exception to
the usual IFP rule for indigent plaintiffs. Section 1915(a)(1)
sets forth the general rule that courts may allow an indi-
gent person to commence a suit "without prepayment of
fees." It also says that this rule is "[s]ubject to subsection
(b)." Section 1915(b)(1), in turn, specifies that, "[n]otwith-
standing subsection (a), if a prisoner brings a civil action... in forma pauperis, the prisoner shall be required to pay
the full amount of a filing fee." In other words, (1)
denies to a prisoner one usual benefit of proceeding IFP: a
waived or reduced filing fee. Prisoners proceeding IFP still
receive some benefit, however: Under (1) and (2),
they can pay most of the filing fee in monthly installments
over time, rather than all at once up front.
The question then becomes whether, by denying prison-
ers one of the benefits of IFP status (waiver or reduction of
the filing fee), Congress also silently denied to indigent pris-
oners the ability to split the fee. It did not.
To start, the ability to split filing fees does not come from
IFP status or from. Instead, it comes from,
which requires "the parties... to pay a filing fee of $350"
when initiating a civil lawsuit. That provision makes two
things clear: first, that the filing fee is assessed per case,
and second, that "the parties" are collectively responsible
for paying "a filing fee." Ibid. There is no dispute among
4 JOHNSON v. HIGH DESERT STATE PRISON

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

courts that works in this way: All district courts
collect a single fee per case, no matter how many plaintiffs
filed it. So under 's default rule, when multiple
prisoners file one lawsuit, the prisoners together must pay
$350.
That default rule matters because Congress passed the
PLRA knowing how civil litigation and IFP status ordinar-
ily work. See Jones v. Bock, (2007). Ac-
cordingly, this Court has explained, "when Congress
meant" for the PLRA "to depart from the usual procedural
requirements, it [said] so expressly." Ibid.
Here, the PLRA does not expressly instruct courts to col-
lect multiple fees for one suit from indigent prisoners. In
fact, it says the exact opposite: "In no event shall the filing
fee collected exceed the amount of fees permitted by statute
for the commencement of a civil action." (3). This
unequivocal prohibition makes clear that, even when mul-
tiple prisoners proceed IFP in a single lawsuit (an "event"
in (3)'s terms), courts cannot collect more than
what federal law permits them to charge when "parties in-
stitut[e] any civil action": $350, per case.. Thus,
if anything, Congress explicitly forbade the result that the
panel below reached: requiring collection of $1,050 in one
case when permits collection of only $350 per case.
In holding otherwise, the panel extended (1) to
provide that each "prisoner shall be required to pay the full
amount of a filing fee," and recast (3) to "refe[r] to
the filing fee paid by each prisoner," 127 F. 4th, at 129. Re-
spondents here echo that (3) simply prevents
courts from charging IFP prisoners more than a single fil-
ing fee each. Brief in Opposition 7 -- 8. The upshot of these
positions, however, is to leave (3) a dead letter and
only the poorest prisoners, alone among all litigants, to pay
multiple times the ordinary filing fee otherwise set by fed-
eral law. There is no indication that Congress intended to
accomplish either absurd result here.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

The panel's reading of (1) also produces unfair
results. As (1) applies only to prisoners who pro-
ceed IFP, all agree that non-IFP prisoners can share the fil-
ing fee. The result is that two prisoners with enough money
can sue together and pay $175 each. Two prisoners without
enough money, however, must each pay $350 even if they
sue together. If Congress meant to change civil procedure
to make those with less pay more, it would have said so.
Without such a command, it makes no sense to think that
Congress intended for non-IFP prisoners to pay a fraction
of what IFP prisoners must pay.
The panel suggested that these unfair results were justi-
fied as a means of advancing Congress's goal of reducing
frivolous prisoner litigation. See 127 F. 4th, at 131 -- 132. As
Judge Graber pointed out, however, requiring each prisoner
to pay the full filing fee removes any incentive to file jointly
and may lead to prisoners filing additional, duplicative law-
suits. Id., at 139. Permitting prisoners to split filing fees
thus serves judicial economy by encouraging them to file a
single suit. In any event, even if treating the poorest pris-
oners in this way is consistent with Congress's purpose,
" '[n]o legislation pursues its purposes at all costs.' " Bowe
v. United States, 607 U. S. ___, ___ (2026).
The only reasonable way to make sense of the statutory
scheme in its entirety is to recognize that courts may not,
under (1), waive or reduce a prisoner's filing fee,
but also may not, under and 1915(b)(3), collect
more than a single filing fee for the whole case. What that
means is that indigent prisoners must be allowed to share
the cost of a single filing fee. The Ninth Circuit likely erred
in holding otherwise.1
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Recognizing the tension between, 1915(b)(1), and
1915(b)(3), the District Court attempted to harmonize the three by
6 JOHNSON v. HIGH DESERT STATE PRISON

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

III
The remaining certiorari factors also favor granting this
petition. See this Court's Rule 10. First, there is an en-
trenched split on this issue. Before the decision below, the
Third, Seventh, and Eleventh Circuits all had held that
prisoners proceeding IFP cannot split fees when joining in
one lawsuit. See Hagan v. Rogers, 570 F. 3d 146, 155 (CA3
2009); Boriboune v. Berge, 391 F. 3d 852, 856 (CA7 2004);
Hubbard v. Haley, 262 F. 3d 1194, 1195 (CA11 2001). The
Sixth Circuit, on the other hand, permits IFP prisoners to
split fees. In re Prison Litigation Reform Act, 105 F. 3d
1131, 1138 (1997) (In re PLRA).2 The Ninth Circuit's deci-
sion here deepened that entrenched split. See 127 F. 4th,
at 130, (declining to follow the Sixth Circuit's ap-
proach); see also Hagan, 570 F. 3d, at 154 (noting disagree-
ment between the Sixth and Seventh Circuits).
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
prohibiting IFP prisoners from joining together in multiple-plaintiff law-
suits at all. Jones v. High Desert State Prison, 2022 WL 3969635, *1 (ED
Cal., Aug. 31, 2022). As the Ninth Circuit recognized, this reasoning
runs into a distinct problem: Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 20(a)(1) al-
lows parties like petitioners to "join in one action," while the District
Court's reasoning prohibits such joinder. That amounts to a determina-
tion that the PLRA (which does not mention Rule 20) implicitly repealed
Rule 20(a)(1) as to prisoner litigants. " '[R]epeals by implication,' " how-
ever, " 'are not favored' and will not be presumed unless the 'intention of
the legislature to repeal [is] clear and manifest.' " National Assn. of
Home Builders v. Defenders of Wildlife, (2007) (quot-
ing Watt v. Alaska, (1981)). No such intention is ap-
parent here.
2 The panel below noted that District Courts in the Sixth Circuit "are

split on the precedential effect" of In re PLRA. 127 F. 4th 123, 130, 
(CA9 2025). Although In re PLRA was an administrative order issued
by the Sixth Circuit's Chief Judge, that Circuit has affirmed its rule and
treated the order as binding in other cases. See, e.g., Talley-Bey v. Knebl,
168 F. 3d 884, 885 (1999) ("We... take this occasion to affirm the posi-
tion that, for the purposes of the [PLRA], when a district court imposes
fees and costs upon multiple prisoners, the fees and costs are to be pro-
portionally assessed among the prisoners"); see also Singleton v. Smith,
241 F. 3d 534, 543 (CA6 2001) (treating In re PLRA as binding).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Second, this case presents an important, recurring issue
of federal law. According to petitioners' estimate, federal
courts denied fee splitting at least 84 times in a 12-month
span. Pet. for Cert. 17. Had those cases been brought in
the Sixth Circuit, those plaintiffs could have divided the
fees up among themselves.3
The ability to split fees matters because $350 is a signifi-
cant amount of money, particularly to indigent prisoners.
On average, prisoners make between $0.13 to $1.30 per
hour. Brief for Public Justice et al. as Amici Curiae 12.
Paying the full $350 fee therefore requires prisoners to
work for hundreds, if not thousands, of hours. Prisoners
also cannot put every cent of their wages toward paying a
filing fee. Instead, they must also spend their meager earn-
ings on basic necessities: food to supplement prisons' inad-
equate portions, phone calls to loved ones that must be paid
for by the minute, clothing, hygiene products, medical care,
and more. See id., at 4 -- 11. Requiring indigent prisoners
each to pay the full $350 filing fee needlessly and unfairly
makes it harder for them to vindicate their rights, challenge
conditions of confinement, and (like petitioners) obtain re-
dress for alleged mistreatment.
To add to their financial burdens, prisoners who wish to
appeal the initial filing fee must pay an additional $600.
See (1); Administrative Office of the U. S. Courts,
Court of Appeals Miscellaneous Fee Schedule (Dec. 1,
2023), https://www.uscourts.gov/court-programs/
fees/court-appeals-miscellaneous-fee-schedule. That con-
siderable sum makes it even harder for prisoners earning
cents on the hour to obtain justice. One of the three plain-
tiffs in this case chose not to appeal at all. I can only hope
that the next time indigent prisoners facing this issue raise
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The real number of denials is likely higher, given limitations in fed-

eral courts' recordkeeping and the fact that many orders denying fee
splitting are likely unavailable in commercial databases. See Pet. for
Cert. 16 -- 17.
8 JOHNSON v. HIGH DESERT STATE PRISON

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

nearly $1,000 each just for the opportunity to knock on this
Court's door, my colleagues will choose to open it. I respect-
fully dissent.

============================================================

Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

Statement of SOTOMAYOR, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 25 -- 6853 (25A926)
_________________

MELVIN TROTTER v. FLORIDA, ET AL.
ON APPLICATION FOR STAY AND ON PETITION FOR A WRIT OF
CERTIORARI TO THE SUPREME COURT OF FLORIDA
[February 24, 2026]

The application for stay of execution of sentence of death
presented to JUSTICE THOMAS and by him referred to the
Court is denied. The petition for a writ of certiorari is de-
nied.
Statement of JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR respecting the denial
of the application for stay of execution and denial of certio-
rari.
Melvin Trotter is scheduled to be executed by lethal in-
jection in Florida. He does not challenge Florida's use of
lethal injection, in general, to carry out his execution. Nor
does he argue that Florida's lethal-injection protocol, if fol-
lowed, would violate the Constitution. Instead, Trotter ar-
gues that Florida is likely to maladminister that protocol in
a way that increases the risk of a mangled execution that
would violate his Eighth Amendment rights by causing him
additional and unnecessary pain and suffering. I vote to
deny Trotter's application seeking a stay of his execution
because evidentiary support for his claim is lacking. Nev-
ertheless, I write to express concern about Florida's imple-
mentation of its execution protocol and the secrecy sur-
rounding it.
Trotter relies primarily on two pieces of evidence to sup-
port his claim. He first cites heavily redacted logs, pro-
duced in connection with a prior execution in Florida, which
he contends show that Florida is using expired drugs in
2 TROTTER v. FLORIDA

Statement of SOTOMAYOR, J.

conducting its executions.1 Trotter also cites an affidavit
from an expert he retained, who attests that " '[f]ailure to
properly monitor and remove expired substances could re-
sult in the use of substances with reduced pharmacologic
effect or produce unnecessary complications for the inmate
or the abrupt and early termination of an execution.' " Pet.
for Cert. 11. Florida
argued below (and again in this Court) that Trotter's claim
is speculative because the records at issue do not conclu-
sively show any errors occurred, but the State provides no
assurances that it has not (and will not) use expired sub-
stances in its executions. The Florida Supreme Court, re-
lying on a recent case involving similar arguments by a
death-row prisoner, agreed with the State and rejected
Trotters' claim as " 'speculative and conclusory.' " ___ So. 3d
___, ___ (2026) (per curiam) ).
At this point, the evidence Trotter has assembled is not,
in my view, enough to show that Florida's administration of
its lethal-injection protocol is " 'sure or very likely to cause
serious and needless suffering,' " as the Court's Eighth
Amendment precedents require. Glossip v. Gross, (2015) (emphasis deleted); see ibid. (requiring
showing of a " 'substantial risk of serious harm' " or " 'objec-
tively intolerable risk of harm' "). Even so, the record to
date is troubling.
The record reflects at least the possibility that recent
Florida executions have involved -- in addition to expired
drugs -- incorrect drug doses, the use of nonprotocol drugs,
and recordkeeping lapses that could mask yet additional
failings. The Florida Supreme Court, moreover, has thus
far not allowed further inquiry into these potential

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The records show additional possible flaws in recent executions, see

infra this page, but Trotter's petition before this Court limits his chal-
lenge to the use of expired etomidate.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Statement of SOTOMAYOR, J.

problems and has recently denied requests for records that
would prove or disprove claims like Trotter's. See, e.g.,
Heath, ___ S. 3d, at ___. In doing so, the Florida Supreme
Court appears to be placing prisoners in a Catch-22: It has
affirmed the denial of requests for records on these issues,
at least in part, because the prisoners do not yet have
enough information to raise a "colorable" Eighth Amend-
ment claim. Ibid. The very reason the prisoners are seek-
ing the records, however, is to gather enough information
to raise a colorable Eighth Amendment claim.2
Individuals seeking to challenge the method of their exe-
cution should not have to guess at whether the State is, or
is not, following its execution protocol. Nor does the State
appear to have any legitimate confidentiality interest in
shielding from inspection basic facts about the implemen-
tation of its execution protocol, such as whether the State
is using expired drugs. If the protocol is in fact being fol-
lowed, then transparency instills confidence in the protocol
for everyone -- prisoners, the courts, and the public alike. If
it is not, then secrecy is intolerable, and disclosure of the
relevant records is indispensable for determining whether
the lapses at issue are likely to lead to an Eighth Amend-
ment violation. Cf. Smith v. Hamm, 601 U. S. ___, ___
(2024) (KAGAN, J., dissenting from application for stay and
denial of certiorari) (suggesting that the
Court's Eighth Amendment precedents "can work fairly
only when more is capable of being known about an execu-
tion method").
Going forward, I hope that Florida and its courts will rec-
ognize the paramount importance of ensuring that it con-
ducts executions consistently with its approved protocol,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 In earlier proceedings in this case, Trotter also challenged the denial

of his own public-records request before the Florida courts, arguing that
he was entitled to records relating to the administration of executions
that have recently taken place in Florida. He does not raise any claim in
this Court relating to the denial of his request for additional records.
4 TROTTER v. FLORIDA

Statement of SOTOMAYOR, J.

and assuring all involved that it is preventing any infliction
of needless suffering on those being executed in the State.
By continuing to shroud its executions in secrecy, Florida
undermines both the integrity of its own execution process
and, potentially, this Court's ability to ensure the State's
compliance with its constitutional obligations.

============================================================

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR delivered the opinion of the Court.
Federal courts are courts of limited jurisdiction and gen-
erally can resolve only the cases that Congress grants them
power to hear. One class of cases over which Congress has
given federal courts jurisdiction is "diversity" cases between
"citizens of different States." 28 U. S. C..
If a federal court of appeals finds that a district court
lacked jurisdiction over a case (for example, because the
parties turned out not to be from different States), then the
district court's judgment on the merits must be vacated. A
district court's judgment can stand, however, if the district
court "cured" the jurisdictional defect before entering final
judgment, such as by properly dismissing a nondiverse
party from the case.
This case asks whether a district court's erroneous dis-
missal of a nondiverse party before final judgment can cure
a jurisdictional defect that existed when the case was re-
moved to federal court. The Fifth Circuit held that it can-
not, and this Court agrees. In these circumstances, the
2 HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP, INC. v. PALMQUIST

Opinion of the Court

district court's final judgment must be vacated for lack of
jurisdiction.
I
Respondents Sarah Palmquist and Grant Palmquist have
a young son, E. P., who was born in 2014. For the first two
years of E. P.'s life, the Palmquists fed him baby food that
was made by petitioner Hain Celestial Group, Inc., and that
they purchased from petitioner Whole Foods Market, Inc.
At first, E. P.'s development progressed ordinarily, and he
was a healthy child. Things changed when E. P. was 2½
years old. He began exhibiting serious developmental dis-
orders and was diagnosed with a range of physical and men-
tal conditions. After identifying high levels of arsenic, lead,
and mercury in E. P.'s blood tests, some doctors attributed
these conditions to heavy-metal poisoning. In 2021, years
after E. P.'s diagnosis, a subcommittee of the U. S. House of
Representatives Committee on Oversight and Reform re-
leased a staff report finding that certain baby foods, includ-
ing Hain's, contained elevated levels of toxic heavy metals.
See Staff Report, Subcommittee on Economic and Con-
sumer Policy, Baby Foods Are Tainted With Dangerous
Levels of Arsenic, Lead, Cadmium, and Mercury 2 -- 4 (Feb.
4, 2021).
Following the report's release, the Palmquists sued both
Hain and Whole Foods in Texas state court. As to Hain, the
Palmquists alleged state-law product liability and negli-
gence claims. As to Whole Foods, the Palmquists alleged
state-law breach of warranty and negligence claims based
on Whole Foods's alleged misrepresentation of Hain's prod-
ucts as safe for consumption.
Hain removed the case to federal court based on the par-
ties' diversity of citizenship. At the time of removal, how-
ever, Hain confronted a problem. Generally, 28 U. S. C.
allows federal courts to exercise jurisdiction only
when the parties are completely diverse, which means that
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

no adverse party is from the same State, and the amount in
controversy exceeds $75,000. Lincoln Property Co. v. Roche,
(2005). As the case stood upon removal,
though, this requirement was not met. The Palmquists
were Texas citizens. Hain was a Delaware corporation with
a principal place of business in New York, and so was both
a Delaware and New York citizen. Whole Foods, however,
was headquartered in Texas and so was, like the
Palmquists, a Texas citizen. Because Whole Foods and the
Palmquists were all Texas citizens, the parties were not
completely diverse.
Hain nevertheless argued in its notice of removal that re-
moval was proper because Whole Foods had been improp-
erly joined and should be dismissed, which would leave only
parties who were completely diverse in federal court. The
Palmquists disagreed, argued that Whole Foods was
properly joined, and moved to remand the case to state
court given the lack of diversity jurisdiction.1
The District Court sided with Hain. Under Fifth Circuit
precedent, which was not disputed here, a defendant is im-
properly joined if the plaintiff fails to "state a claim for relief
that is facially plausible" against the defendant. 103 F. 4th
294, 304 (2024); see Smallwood v. Illinois Central R. Co.,
385 F. 3d 568, 573 (2004) (en banc). Applying that test, the
District Court concluded that the Palmquists had not al-
leged a plausible claim against Whole Foods. It thus dis-
missed Whole Foods and denied the Palmquists' motion to
remand.
The Palmquists then went to trial against Hain in federal
court. After the Palmquists rested their case, Hain moved
for judgment as a matter of law on all claims. The District
Court granted that motion in full, explaining that the

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Improper joinder is also often referred to as "fraudulent joinder." Be-

cause there are no allegations of fraud by the Palmquists in this case,
the Court uses the term "improper joinder."
4 HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP, INC. v. PALMQUIST

Opinion of the Court

Palmquists had failed to present sufficient evidence to the
jury to prove that "the ingestion of heavy metals can cause
the array of symptoms that [E. P.] suffers from, much less
any evidence of at what level those metals would have to be
ingested to bring about those symptoms." 103 F. 4th, at
300. The Palmquists appealed that judgment along with
the District Court's improper-joinder decision that had dis-
missed Whole Foods.
The Fifth Circuit reversed the improper-joinder decision
and vacated the District Court's judgment. The Court of
Appeals held that Whole Foods was properly joined because
the Palmquists had plausibly alleged that Whole Foods had
violated state law by misrepresenting Hain's products as
safe. Given that Whole Foods had been erroneously dis-
missed, the action was not diverse. The Court of Appeals
then concluded that the District Court lacked jurisdiction
and that the judgment in Hain's favor had to be vacated.
The Fifth Circuit denied en banc review.
Hain and Whole Foods filed a timely petition for certio-
rari seeking review of the Fifth Circuit's holding that the
District Court's judgment must be vacated. One other
Court of Appeals has held that vacatur is not required in
these circumstances, while another agrees with the Fifth
Circuit and has held that it is.2 The Court granted certio-
rari to resolve the divide among the Courts of Appeals. See
(2025).
II
It is important to emphasize at the outset "two 'givens' in
this case." Caterpillar Inc. v. Lewis, (1996).
First, no party asks this Court to revisit the Fifth Circuit's
holding that the District Court's improper-joinder decision
was incorrect and that Whole Foods should not have been
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Compare Junk v. Terminix Int'l Co., 628 F. 3d 439, 447, 450 -- 451 (CA8

2010), with Henderson v. Washington Nat. Ins. Co., 454 F. 3d 1278,
1284 -- 1285 (CA11 2006).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

dismissed. See Brief for Petitioners 7,. Second, no
party disputes that, had the District Court performed the
joinder analysis correctly when the case was initially re-
moved, it would have lacked jurisdiction and would have
been required to remand the case to state court. See 28
U. S. C., 1447(c). What remains for this Court to
decide is whether the District Court, having erroneously
dismissed Whole Foods, had jurisdiction to enter a final
judgment as to Hain. It did not.
A
Federal courts "are all of limited jurisdiction, and their
proceedings are erroneous, if the jurisdiction be not shown
upon them." Kempe's Lessee v. Kennedy, 5 Cranch 173, 185
(1809) (Marshall, C. J.). Because of this limitation on fed-
eral courts' authority, a federal court of appeals must "sat-
isfy itself not only of its own jurisdiction, but also of that of
the lower courts in a cause under review." Mitchell v.
Maurer, (1934). In most cases, federal
appellate courts assess the district court's jurisdiction
based on "the state of facts that existed at the time of filing."
Grupo Dataflux v. Atlas Global Group, L. P., (2004). If the court of appeals concludes that the dis-
trict court lacked jurisdiction over the case when it was filed
in or removed to federal court, then the court of appeals typ-
ically must vacate any judgment on the merits. See Wil-
liams v. Zbaraz, (1980); American Fire
& Casualty Co. v. Finn, -- 18 (1951).
There is, however, one exception to the general rule rele-
vant to this case. If a district court "cures" a jurisdictional
defect prior to final judgment, then the court of appeals is
not required to vacate that judgment even if, at some earlier
point in the case, the district court lacked jurisdiction.
The Court discussed this exception in Caterpillar Inc. v.
Lewis,. In Caterpillar, Lewis was a citizen of
Kentucky who brought a product-liability suit in state court
6 HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP, INC. v. PALMQUIST

Opinion of the Court

against Caterpillar, a Delaware- and Illinois-based equip-
ment manufacturer, and Whayne Supply, a Kentucky com-
pany that serviced Caterpillar equipment. Id., at 64 -- 65.
Lewis's insurer (a Massachusetts corporation) intervened
as a plaintiff and asserted claims against both Whayne and
Caterpillar. Id., at 65. At that point, complete diversity
was lacking, as there was one plaintiff (Lewis) and one de-
fendant (Whayne) from Kentucky.
Lewis then settled his claims against Whayne. Ibid. Cat-
erpillar, thinking that the settlement would result in
Whayne's dismissal from the case, promptly removed the
case to federal court. Ibid. Lewis moved to remand, point-
ing out that Whayne was still in the case because the in-
surer had not settled its claim against Whayne. Id., at 65 -- 
66. Without addressing Lewis's argument, the District
Court erroneously denied the motion to remand, keeping
the case in federal court. Id., at 66. Whayne eventually
settled with the insurer and was voluntarily dismissed from
the case via a partial final judgment under Federal Rule of
Civil Procedure 54(b). See App. A to Brief for Respondents.
That dismissal left three completely diverse parties in the
case: Lewis (from Kentucky), the insurer (from Massachu-
setts), and Caterpillar (from Delaware and Illinois).
The case then went to trial, at which Caterpillar pre-
vailed. 519 U. S., at 66 -- 67. Lewis appealed, and the Sixth
Circuit vacated the verdict. It held that the District Court
should have remanded the case because, at the time of re-
moval, complete diversity did not exist. Id., at 67.
This Court reversed. It held that, because Whayne had
been fully dismissed, "the jurisdictional defect [had been]
cured, i.e., complete diversity [had been] established before
the trial commenced." Id., at 73. Because "considerations
of finality, efficiency, and economy become overwhelming"
after "a diversity case has been tried in federal court," the
Court held that the verdict could stand despite the District
Court's "statutory misstep" in denying the motion to
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

remand. Id., at 73, 75, 77. On the other hand, the Court
stated, had the jurisdictional defect not been cured and in-
stead "lingered through judgment," then vacatur would
have been required. Id., at 76 -- 77.
B
The core dispute in this case is whether Whole Foods's
erroneous dismissal before final judgment cured the juris-
dictional defect that existed at the time of removal. It did
not. Because the jurisdictional defect lingered through
judgment, the judgment "must be vacated." Id., at 77.
When Hain removed this case to federal court, the Dis-
trict Court was required to determine whether it had juris-
diction by ensuring that none of the plaintiffs was from the
same State as any of the defendants. Because Whole Foods
(a defendant) and the Palmquists (the plaintiffs) were all
Texas citizens, the District Court lacked jurisdiction. It
then tried to cure that jurisdictional defect by dismissing
Whole Foods as improperly joined.
That dismissal, the Fifth Circuit held, was erroneous. It
was also "[i]nterlocutory," meaning that it did "not dispose
of the whole case." Dupree v. Younger, 
(2023). The " 'general rule' " is that parties cannot immedi-
ately appeal interlocutory orders and must instead wait un-
til the end of the case, when those orders "merge into the
final judgment" and are "reviewable on appeal" from that
judgment. Id., at 735 ). Under that general rule,
once the District Court entered final judgment in Hain's fa-
vor, the court's earlier jurisdictional holding merged into
the judgment and was reviewable by the Court of Appeals
as part of the Palmquists' post-trial appeal.
On appeal, the question before the Court of Appeals was
whether the District Court had correctly dismissed Whole
Foods at the outset. If it had, then this case would be more
like Caterpillar, where the District Court correctly and
8 HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP, INC. v. PALMQUIST

Opinion of the Court

finally dismissed Whayne with the parties' consent and left
behind a completely diverse set of parties.
Whole Foods, however, was not dismissed correctly, and
the interlocutory nature of that dismissal meant that it was
reversible on appeal from the final judgment in Hain's fa-
vor. Whole Foods thus was only temporarily and errone-
ously removed from the case; it was not "gone for good."
Royal Canin U. S. A., Inc. v. Wullschleger, 
(2025). When the Fifth Circuit reversed the District Court's
error, it restored Whole Foods to the case and correctly held
that the jurisdictional defect had not been cured. That
meant that the defect "lingered through judgment" and that
the District Court's judgment therefore "must be vacated."
Caterpillar, 519 U. S., at 77.
In Hain's view, the correctness of the District Court's dis-
missal is irrelevant because, like in Caterpillar, the parties
were completely diverse by the time of final judgment.
Hain is mistaken. This Court has never held that a district
court can create jurisdiction through its own mistakes. A
rule to the contrary would permit courts to enlarge their
jurisdiction beyond the limits Congress imposed. Cf. Kok-
konen v. Guardian Life Ins. Co. of America, (1994) ("Federal courts... possess only that power au-
thorized by Constitution and statute, which is not to be ex-
panded by judicial decree" (citations omitted)).
Hain also appeals to efficiency, arguing that it would be
wasteful to send this case back to state court for a new trial.
This argument also fails. To be sure, Caterpillar recognized
that "considerations of finality, efficiency, and economy be-
come overwhelming" after "a diversity case has been tried
in federal court." 519 U. S., at 75. Those considerations,
however, were relevant only to excusing noncompliance
with the removal statute's requirement "that there be com-
plete diversity at the time of removal" after a jurisdictional
defect had been properly and finally cured. Grupo Dataflux,
541 U. S., at 574. As to the jurisdictional requirement
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

itself, Caterpillar held that an uncured jurisdictional defect
means that "the judgment must be vacated," 519 U. S., at
76 -- 77, regardless of how efficient it might be to leave the
judgment in place. That the parties may need to litigate a
new trial in state court does not change the jurisdictional
analysis or make the District Court's error an effective
cure.3
III
As a fallback, Hain argues that, even if the jurisdictional
defect was not cured, Whole Foods should now be dismissed
under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 21. That Rule per-
mits a federal court "on its own" to "add or drop a party" "on
just terms." This argument is unavailing.4
In Newman-Green, Inc. v. Alfonzo-Larrain, 
(1989), this Court held that, in appropriate circumstances,
courts may use Rule 21 "to dismiss a dispensable non-
diverse party." Id., at 833, 837. To do so, courts must "care-
fully consider whether the dismissal of a nondiverse party
will prejudice any of the parties in the litigation," as "[i]t
may be that the presence of the nondiverse party produced
a tactical advantage for one party or another." Id., at 838.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Other procedural mechanisms may be available to reduce wasteful

litigation. For instance, both partial final judgment under Federal Rule
of Civil Procedure 54(b) and certification under 28 U. S. C. allow
district courts to certify matters for early appeal. Those procedures could
help resolve any uncertainty over whether a nondiverse party should re-
main in the case at the time of removal and avoid the need to wait until
a post-trial appeal. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 20 -- 23, 34 -- 36.
4 The Palmquists contend the Rule 21 argument was forfeited, but it is

fairly included within the question presented, was raised in the petition
for certiorari, and was pressed before the Fifth Circuit. See Pet. for Cert.
i, 22 -- 24 (arguing that "appellate courts... ha[ve] dismissed dispensable
nondiverse parties in order to preserve jurisdiction as to diverse parties"
and citing Newman-Green, Inc. v. Alfonzo-Larrain, -- 
836 (1989)); Brief for Whole Foods in No. 23 -- 40197 (CA5), p. 16; see also
this Court's Rule 14.1(a).
10 HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP, INC. v. PALMQUIST

Opinion of the Court

This case is very different from Newman-Green. Here,
the defendants are seeking dismissal of a nondiverse de-
fendant, whereas in Newman-Green, the plaintiff sought
the dismissal. Id., at 829. The identity of the party asking
for the dismissal is important because "[t]he plaintiff is 'the
master of the complaint,' " and generally has the right to
choose whether to proceed in federal or state court. Royal
Canin, 604 U. S., at 35. Dismissing a nondiverse party with
the plaintiff 's consent is consistent with that right, as is a
plaintiff 's ability to amend the complaint to "bring the suit
either newly within or newly outside a federal court's juris-
diction." Id., at 35 -- 36.
Hain's proposed use of Rule 21, however, would force the
Palmquists to litigate this case in federal court against
their wishes and despite their right to control the forum for
this case. Hain cites no cases in which a court used Rule
21, over the plaintiff 's consistent objections, to dismiss a
properly joined defendant to preserve jurisdiction over an
incorrectly removed case that never should have been in
federal court. That lack of authority is not surprising. The
prejudice to the plaintiff in such circumstances is clear, for
"plaintiffs are ordinarily allowed to select whatever forum
they consider most advantageous." Atlantic Marine Constr.
Co. v. United States Dist. Court for Western Dist. of Tex.,
(2013). The Palmquists exercised their
right to choose a state forum by purposefully and properly
joining a nondiverse defendant against whom they could
not proceed in federal court, and diligently asserted that
right by promptly moving to remand the case to state court.
The decision to structure their case in this way was the
Palmquists' to make; Rule 21 does not permit a court or a
defendant to override their choice in these circumstances.5
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 Some courts have used Rule 21 to dismiss nondiverse parties joined

after the case was properly removed to federal court. See, e.g., Gorfinkle
v. U. S. Airways, Inc., 431 F. 3d 19, 21 -- 23 (CA1 2005). Because Whole
Foods was named in the original state-court complaint in this case, the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

IV
The District Court's erroneous dismissal of Whole Foods
did not cure the jurisdictional defect that existed when this
case was improperly removed to federal court. The Court
of Appeals therefore correctly vacated the judgment in
Hain's favor. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is af-
firmed, and the case is remanded for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Court expresses no view on whether using Rule 21 to dismiss a non-
diverse party added after a proper removal is appropriate. The Court
also expresses no view as to Rule 21's role in cases originally filed by
plaintiffs in federal court. See, e.g., Publicker Industries, Inc. v. Roman
Ceramics Corp., 603 F. 2d 1065, 1067, 1069 (CA3 1979).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

THOMAS, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 724
_________________

THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP, INC., ET AL.,
PETITIONERS v. SARAH PALMQUIST,
INDIVIDUALLY AND AS NEXT FRIEND OF
E. P., A MINOR, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[February 24, 2026]

JUSTICE THOMAS, concurring.
I join the Court's opinion in full. I write separately to
note my skepticism of the doctrine of "improper joinder,"
which the District Court invoked to dismiss Whole Foods in
this case. The doctrine appears to allow federal courts to
enlarge their jurisdiction by assessing the merits of claims
over which they lack jurisdiction.
"Federal courts are courts of limited jurisdiction." Kok-
konen v. Guardian Life Ins. Co. of America, (1994). As "an essential ingredient of separation and
equilibration of powers," the Constitution gives Congress
broad power over the scope of federal courts' jurisdiction.
Steel Co. v. Citizens for Better Environment, (1998). "When we assume jurisdiction too hastily, we
risk aggrandizing ourselves at the expense of the political
branches." Monsalvo Velazquez v. Bondi, 
(2025) (THOMAS, J., dissenting). Accordingly, if a federal
court determines that it lacks jurisdiction in a case, "the
only function remaining to the court is that of announcing
the fact and dismissing the cause." Ex parte McCardle, 7
Wall. 506, 514 (1869).
Federal courts therefore "must determine that they have
jurisdiction before proceeding to the merits." Lance v.
2 HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP, INC. v. PALMQUIST

THOMAS, J., concurring

Coffman, (2007) (per curiam). "The re-
quirement that jurisdiction be established as a threshold
matter spring[s] from the nature and limits of the judicial
power of the United States and is inflexible and without ex-
ception." Steel Co., 523 U. S., at 94 -- 95. "For a court to pronounce upon" the merits
"when it has no jurisdiction to do so is, by very definition,
for a court to act ultra vires." Id., at 101 -- 102.
In this case, federal jurisdiction was based on diversity of
citizenship. The removing defendant, Hain Celestial
Group, invoked federal jurisdiction under 28 U. S. C., which gives district courts jurisdiction over "civil
actions where the matter in controversy exceeds the sum or
value of $75,000... and is between... citizens of different
States." This Court has always interpreted 's lan-
guage "to require 'complete diversity,' " meaning that a fed-
eral court can exercise jurisdiction only if no plaintiff shares
state citizenship with any defendant. Carden v. Arkoma
Associates, (1990) ).
Although the parties in this case were not completely di-
verse, the District Court exercised jurisdiction based on the
doctrine of "improper joinder." Under that doctrine, federal
courts exercise jurisdiction over cases that originally in-
volved nondiverse defendants by first deeming the claims
against those nondiverse defendants sufficiently weak on
the merits and then dismissing them. See, e.g., Interna-
tional Energy Ventures Mgmt., L.L.C. v. United Energy
Group, Ltd., 818 F. 3d 193, 205 -- 209 (CA5 2016). Here, the
Palmquists, Texas citizens, sued both an out-of-state de-
fendant, Hain Celestial Group, and a Texas defendant,
Whole Foods. The District Court therefore lacked jurisdic-
tion over the case when it was removed to federal court.
The District Court nonetheless proceeded to dismiss Whole
Foods based on its merits assessment that there was not a
"reasonable basis to predict that [the Palmquists] could
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

THOMAS, J., concurring

recover from Whole Foods" under Texas products-liability
law. App. to Pet. for Cert. 25a -- 26a. After dismissing Whole
Foods, it adjudicated the claims against Hain Celestial on
the merits.
The Fifth Circuit vacated that merits judgment for lack
of jurisdiction, but not because it thought that conducting
an improper-joinder inquiry was inappropriate. 103 F. 4th
294, 302 -- 307 (2024). It simply thought that the Palmquists
possibly stated meritorious claims against Whole Foods un-
der Texas law. See id., at 305 -- 307. It reaffirmed that the
improper-joinder doctrine allows federal courts to engage in
a "Rule 12(b)(6)-type analysis" of claims against nondiverse
defendants, albeit with legal ambiguities resolved in the
plaintiffs' favor. Id., at 306. Federal Rule of Civil Proce-
dure 12(b)(6) dismissals, of course, are merits determina-
tions. See Federated Department Stores, Inc. v. Moitie, (1981).
Other federal courts adopt a similar approach to dismiss
claims against nondiverse parties. See, e.g., Johnson v.
Midwest Div.-RBH, LLC, 88 F. 4th 731, 735 -- 736 (CA8
2023); Jerome-Duncan, Inc. v. Auto-By-Tel, L. L. C., 176
F. 3d 904, 907 -- 909 (CA6 1999); Legg v. Wyeth, 428 F. 3d
1317, 1324, 1320 -- 1325 (CA11 2005). Courts justify this ap-
proach based on a group of this Court's early-20th-century
precedents that recognized a doctrine called fraudulent
joinder. See, e.g., Alabama Great Southern R. Co. v.
Thompson, (1906).*

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Many Circuits still use the "fraudulent joinder" term today, even
when they engage in the same merits analysis that the Fifth Circuit more
accurately calls improper joinder. See, e.g., Johnson, 88 F. 4th, at 735 -- 
736 (holding that "joinder... was fraudulent" because state-law claim
was unlikely to succeed on the merits); Jerome-Duncan, Inc., 176 F. 3d,
at 907 -- 909 (affirming "fraudulent joinder" dismissal because of weak-
ness of claim under state law); Cline v. Dart Transit Co., 804 Fed. Appx.
307, 312 (CA6 2020) (holding that "fraudulent joinder occurred" because
plaintiff lacked "a colorable cause of action").
4 HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP, INC. v. PALMQUIST

THOMAS, J., concurring

But this Court's precedents do not support the lower
courts' more recent approach. As I read them, this Court's
"fraudulent joinder" precedents concerned only whether the
plaintiff avoided federal diversity jurisdiction by bad faith
or actual fraud -- such as lying about a party's conduct or
citizenship. See Alabama Great Southern R. Co., 200 U. S.,
at 218 (asking whether the plaintiff "attempt[ed] to commit
a fraud upon the jurisdiction of the Federal courts"); Illinois
Central R. Co. v. Sheegog, (1909) (asking
whether a claim was "fraudulent and false"); Mecom v. Fitz-
simmons Drilling Co., (1931) (asking
whether the plaintiff committed "actual fraud"). These
precedents were limited to cases of "extreme abuse." Mur-
riel-Don Coal Co. v. Aspen Ins. UK Ltd., 790 F. Supp. 2d
590, 596 (ED Ky. 2011) (Thapar, J.). Unlike the lower
courts' more recent decisions, they did not appear to turn
on the strength of the claims on the merits.
Federal courts sitting in diversity likely cannot dismiss
nondiverse parties based on their view of the merits of the
claims against those parties. Doing so appears unfaithful
to Congress's limits on our diversity jurisdiction and incon-
sistent with this Court's precedents. As Judge Thapar has
put it, the improper-joinder doctrine "requires federal
courts to exercise jurisdiction where none exists over ques-
tions of state law that the state courts are better suited to
address themselves." Id., at 597. In a future case where
the issue is briefed and squarely presented, this Court
should consider the propriety of the improper-joinder doc-
trine.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 1
Pages 115 -- 139

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
February 21, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 115

Syllabus

REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY et al. v. SIMON et al.

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the district of columbia circuit
No. 23 -- 867. Argued December 3, 2024 -- Decided February 21, 2025
The Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 (FSIA) provides foreign
states with presumptive immunity from suit in the United States. 28
U. S. C.. To sue a foreign sovereign in United States courts,
plaintiffs must satisfy one of the exceptions to immunity set forth in
the FSIA. The FSIA's expropriation exception permits claims when
"rights in property taken in violation of international law are in issue"
and either the property itself or any property "exchanged for" the ex-
propriated property has a commercial nexus to the United States.
(3).
Respondents, Jewish survivors of the Hungarian Holocaust and their
heirs, sued Hungary and its national railway (MÁV) in federal court,
seeking damages for property allegedly seized during World War II.
Respondents' complaint alleged that Hungary and MÁV liquidated
Page Proof Pending Publication
the expropriated property, commingled the proceeds with other govern-
ment funds, and later used funds from those commingled accounts in
connection with commercial activities in the United States. The Dis-
trict Court determined that this "commingling theory" satisfied
(3)'s commercial nexus requirement. The D. C. Circuit af-
frmed, reasoning that requiring plaintiffs to trace the particular funds
from the sale of their specifc expropriated property to the United
States would make the exception a "nullity" in cases involving liqui-
dated property.
Held: Alleging commingling of funds alone cannot satisfy the commercial
nexus requirement of the FSIA's expropriation exception. Pp. 126 -- 139.
(a) The expropriation exception requires plaintiffs to trace either the
specifc expropriated property itself or "any property exchanged for
such property" to the United States (or to the possession of a foreign
state instrumentality engaged in United States commercial activity).
The provision's plain text treats tangible and fungible property alike:
For both kinds of property, plaintiffs must plead some facts that enable
the reasonable tracing of the property to the United States. Thus,
when property is expropriated and exchanged for cash that is then com-
mingled with other funds, plaintiffs must still plausibly allege that the
specifc proceeds from their property have the required commercial con-
nection to the United States.
116 REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY v. SIMON

Syllabus

Plaintiffs might satisfy this requirement in various scenarios: for ex-
ample, by identifying a United States account holding proceeds from
expropriated property (as in Banco Nacional de Cuba v. Sabbatino, ), or by showing that a foreign sovereign spent all funds from a
commingled account in the United States shortly after the commingling
occurred. But an allegation that a foreign sovereign liquidated prop-
erty decades ago, commingled the proceeds with general funds, and later
used some portion of those funds for commercial activities in the United
States cannot establish a plausible nexus. This is especially true when
commingled funds have been used for various activities worldwide or
when the commingled funds are within a foreign sovereign's treasury.
The Court does not today address all circumstances where commin-
gling allegations might contribute to establishing the required nexus,
nor does the Court determine the applicability of common-law tracing
principles. The Court holds only that commingling allegations alone
cannot satisfy (3)'s commercial nexus requirement. Pp. 126 -- 131.
(b) This interpretation aligns with the FSIA's structure, history, and
purpose. The Act generally codifes the restrictive theory of sovereign
immunity, which shields foreign states from suits based on public (rather
than commercial) acts. Although the FSIA allows claims based on the
public act of expropriation, this Court has previously rejected the sug-
Page Proof Pending Publication
gestion that Congress intended the exception to be a "radical departure"
from restrictive immunity principles. Federal Republic of Germany v.
Philipp,.
The exception's text mirrors the Second Hickenlooper Amendment,
which Congress enacted to permit adjudication of claims after Sabba-
tino. In that case, the expropriated property's proceeds were traceable
to a segregated New York account. The FSIA's text requiring identif-
cation of specifc property, combined with the facts of Sabbatino, coun-
sels against respondents' expansive commingling theory.
Additionally, the Court interprets the FSIA to avoid producing fric-
tion in international relations or inviting reciprocal actions against the
United States in foreign courts. Congress included the commercial
nexus requirement and the "in violation of international law" limitation
to help ensure the exception would "conform fairly closely" with interna-
tional law. (3); Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela v. Helmer-
ich & Payne Int'l Drilling Co.,. Accepting respond-
ents' theory would expand greatly the circumstances in which foreign
sovereigns could be sued in United States courts for public acts, po-
tentially inviting retaliatory measures against the United States.
Pp. 131 -- 133.
(c) Respondents' counterarguments are unpersuasive. First they
contend that (3) requires different treatment for fungible versus
nonfungible property, but the statute's text draws no such distinction.
 Cite as: (2025) 117

Syllabus

The ordinary meaning of "exchanged for" requires identifying the spe-
cifc property received in the exchange: here, the proceeds from selling
the expropriated property. Commingling those proceeds with other
funds does not transform the entire commingled account into property
"exchanged for" the expropriated property. Indeed, the statute's re-
quirement that property be "present in the United States" reinforces
the need to trace specifc property, as Congress imposed this geographic
constraint for "any" property, including money.
Second, respondents argue that the concerns about tracing raised in
Sabbatino support their position. But the text of (3), which
added the commercial nexus requirement not found in the Second Hick-
enlooper Amendment, refects Congress's intent to limit the exception's
scope, not expand it. The Second Hickenlooper Amendment itself,
moreover, permitted claims based upon a confscation or "traced
through" one. 23 U. S. C. (2).
Finally, respondents contend that rejecting their commingling theory
would render the expropriation exception a nullity for liquidated property
claims. But the Court does not categorically reject all commingling-
based claims: It holds only that a commingling theory alone cannot sat-
isfy the commercial nexus requirement. This holding accords with the
statute's text and purpose of providing only a limited departure from
Page Proof Pending Publication
the restrictive theory of sovereign immunity. Pp. 133 -- 139.
77 F. 4th 1077, vacated and remanded.

Sotomayor, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court.

Joshua Scott Glasgow argued the cause for petitioners.
With him on the briefs was Christopher D. Barraza.
Sopan Joshi argued the cause for the United States as
amicus curiae urging reversal. With him on the brief were
Acting Solicitor General Fletcher, Principal Deputy Assist-
ant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy Solicitor General
Kneedler, Sharon Swingle, and Lewis S. Yelin.
Shay Dvoretzky argued the cause for respondents. With
him on the brief were Parker Rider-Longmaid, Steven Mar-
cus, Kyser Blakely, Paul G. Gaston, Charles S. Fax, David
H. Weinstein, and L. Marc Zell.*

*Akiva Shapiro fled a brief for Members of the United States House of
Representatives and Senate as amici curiae urging affrmance.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the Federal Republic of Germany
by Walter E. Diercks, Max Riederer von Paar, and Jeffrey Harris; and
118 REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY v. SIMON

Opinion of the Court

Justice Sotomayor delivered the opinion of the Court.
To sue a foreign sovereign in the courts of the United
States, plaintiffs must follow the strictures of the Foreign
Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 (FSIA). In general, the
FSIA provides that foreign sovereigns and their agencies
cannot be haled into this Nation's courts at all, but the Act
sets forth exceptions to that general immunity. One such
exception is the expropriation exception. Plaintiffs may sue
foreign sovereigns who expropriate their property, provided
certain conditions are satisfed, including that the property
(or any property "exchanged for" the expropriated property)
has a commercial nexus to the United States. 28 U. S. C.
(3).
Respondents, Jewish survivors of the Hungarian Holocaust
and their heirs, fled this suit in the District Court for the
District of Columbia against Hungary and one of its agencies,
seeking damages for the alleged expropriation of their prop-
Page Proof Pending Publication
erty during World War II. Respondents maintain that
the expropriated property has had a commercial nexus to
the United States because the Hungarian defendants liqui-
dated it, commingled the proceeds from that property with
money in a government treasury account, and then used, dec-
ades later, funds from that account in connection with com-
mercial activity in the United States. The issue presented
in this case is whether alleging commingling of funds alone
can satisfy the commercial nexus requirement of the expro-
priation exception of the FSIA. The Court holds that it
cannot.
I
A
"This Court consistently has recognized that foreign sov-
ereign immunity `is a matter of grace and comity on the part

for The 1939 Society et al. by Benjamin G. Shatz, Michael J. Bazyler,
Stanley W. Levy, and Stanley Goldman.
 Cite as: (2025) 119

Opinion of the Court

of the United States.' " Rubin v. Islamic Republic of Iran,
(2018) ). For much of
the Nation's history, the United States adhered to the "clas-
sical" or "absolute" theory of foreign sovereign immunity.
Accordingly, "foreign states were `generally granted com-
plete immunity from suit' in United States courts." Argen-
tine Republic v. Amerada Hess Shipping Corp., (1989) (alteration omitted). Providing foreign
states with such immunity served important national inter-
ests and helped preserve the United States' foreign rela-
tions. See, e. g., Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela v. Helm-
erich & Payne Int'l Drilling Co., (2017)
("To grant [foreign] sovereign entities an immunity from suit
in our courts both recognizes the absolute independence of
every sovereign authority and helps to induce each nation
state, as a matter of international comity, to respect the inde-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pendence and dignity of every other, including our own" (in-
ternal quotation marks and alteration omitted)).
In 1952, however, the State Department adopted a "re-
strictive" theory of foreign sovereign immunity, under which
a foreign sovereign generally is immune from civil suit for
sovereign acts but not for its commercial acts. See Ver-
linden, 461 U. S., at 486 -- 487. Based on the "increasing
practice on the part of [foreign] governments of engaging
in commercial activities," the Department concluded it was
"necessary [to have] a practice which will enable persons
doing business with them to have their rights determined in
the courts." J. Tate, Changed Policy Concerning the Grant-
ing of Sovereign Immunity to Foreign Governments, 26
Dept. State Bull. 984, 985 (1952). The United States was
not alone in adopting the restrictive theory; the Department
observed that an emerging consensus had developed among
nations in favor of this approach to sovereign immunity. Ibid.
Debates over the degree of immunity foreign sovereigns
should enjoy in this Nation's courts followed. In August
120 REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY v. SIMON

Opinion of the Court

1960, protesting a reduction in the U. S. sugar quota for
Cuba, Cuba expropriated $175,250.69 worth of sugar located
in its country but belonging to a subsidiary of Compania Azu-
carera Vertientes-Camaguey de Cuba (CAV), a Cuban corpo-
ration owned by American stockholders. See Banco Nacio-
nal de Cuba v. Sabbatino, -- 407 (1964).
Farr Whitlock & Co., a U. S. commodity broker, had con-
tracted with CAV to pay for the sugar in New York for deliv-
ery to a Farr Whitlock customer in Morocco; but after Cuba
expropriated the sugar, Farr Whitlock entered into an identi-
cal contract with an instrumentality of the Cuban Govern-
ment. See id., at 401 -- 404. Cuba then sent the sugar to
Morocco, where Farr Whitlock's customer purchased it. See
id., at 405 -- 406.
After receiving payment in New York from its customer,
however, Farr Whitlock refused to give the proceeds to
Cuba. See ibid. CAV had claimed it was the rightful
Page Proof Pending Publication
owner of the sugar, entitling it to the related proceeds, and
agreed to indemnify Farr Whitlock in return for a promise
not to turn the funds over to Cuba. See ibid. Shortly
thereafter, the New York Supreme Court served Farr Whit-
lock with an order enjoining it from taking any action that
might result in the proceeds leaving New York. See ibid.
Then, pursuant to a subsequent court order, Farr Whitlock
transferred the proceeds to Sabbatino, a court-appointed
temporary receiver of CAV's New York assets, pending a
judicial determination of the funds' ownership. See ibid.
The National Bank of Cuba later brought suit in the South-
ern District of New York, asserting its ownership in the pro-
ceeds. Id., at 406. Following a decision by the Court of
Appeals, the State Supreme Court terminated the CAV re-
ceivership and the proceeds from the expropriated sugar
were placed in a New York escrow account. See id., at 407.
The matter eventually reached this Court. The Court de-
clined to decide whether Cuba's expropriation had violated
international law. Observing that there were "few if any
 Cite as: (2025) 121

Opinion of the Court

issues in international law today on which opinion seems to
be so divided as the limitations on a state's power to expro-
priate the property of aliens," id., at 428, the Court instead
invoked the "act of state" doctrine. That doctrine (the
Court held) precludes United States courts from deciding the
validity of a foreign sovereign's public acts. See id., at
436 -- 437. The Court thus "presumed [the] validity" of Cuba's
expropriation. Id., at 439. In dissent, Justice White
protested that the Court's holding effectively "validate[d]"
Cuba's "lawless act." Ibid.
Congress swiftly signaled its disapproval of Sabbatino.
Within months, it passed the Second Hickenlooper Amend-
ment to the Foreign Assistance Act of 1964. The amend-
ment prohibits courts from applying the act of state doctrine
where a "righ[t] to property is asserted" based upon a "tak-
ing... by an act of that state in violation of the principles
of international law." 22 U. S. C. (2). The amend-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment was broadly understood "to permit adjudication of
claims the Sabbatino decision had avoided." Federal Re-
public of Germany v. Philipp, (2021) (col-
lecting authorities).
There the law remained, until in 1976, Congress enacted
the FSIA, the comprehensive statute that now "supplies the
ground rules for `obtaining jurisdiction over a foreign state
in the courts of this country.' " Id., at 175. The Act provides foreign states with
presumptive immunity from suit in the United States. 28
U. S. C.. Thus, "unless a specifed exception applies,
a federal court lacks subject-matter jurisdiction over a claim
against a foreign state." Saudi Arabia v. Nelson, (1993).
"For the most part, the Act codife[d], as a matter of federal
law, the restrictive theory of sovereign immunity." Id., at
488.
One of the FSIA's specifed exceptions, however, departs
from the restrictive theory: the expropriation exception.
122 REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY v. SIMON

Opinion of the Court

(3). In crafting the exception addressing the expro-
priation of property, "Congress used language nearly identi-
cal to that of the Second Hickenlooper Amendment." Phi-
lipp, 592 U. S., at 179. But Congress also added a limitation
to the expropriation exception not found in the Second Hick-
enlooper Amendment: While the amendment permits claims
"based upon (or traced through) a confscation or other tak-
ing," 22 U. S. C. (2), the expropriation exception re-
quires that stolen property, or property exchanged for such
property, have a commercial nexus to the United States.
Specifcally, (3) allows individuals to sue foreign sov-
ereigns in United States courts when "rights in property
taken in violation of international law are in issue and that
property or any property exchanged for such property is
present in the United States in connection with a commercial
activity carried on in the United States by the foreign state."
Section 1605(a)(3) also allows suit when "that [expropriated]
Page Proof Pending Publication
property or any property exchanged for such property is
owned or operated by an agency or instrumentality of the
foreign state and that agency or instrumentality is engaged
in a commercial activity in the United States."
By permitting the exercise of jurisdiction over certain
public acts, "the expropriation exception... goes beyond
even the restrictive view" in subjecting foreign sovereigns
to suit. Philipp, 592 U. S., at 183. As this Court has pre-
viously noted, it appears that "no other country has adopted
a comparable limitation on [foreign] sovereign immunity."
Ibid.
B
The allegations in respondents' complaint arise out of the
Hungarian Holocaust. According to their complaint, Win-
ston Churchill described the Hungarian Holocaust as " `prob-
ably the greatest and most horrible crime ever committed in
the history of the world.' " App. 6. During World War II,
Hungary abetted the murder of over 500,000 Hungarian
 Cite as: (2025) 123

Opinion of the Court

Jews, leaving just a fraction of Hungary's prewar Jewish
population. Id., at 49. "Nowhere was the Holocaust exe-
cuted with such speed and ferocity as it was in Hungary."
Id., at 5.
Hungary's genocidal campaign included the mass confsca-
tion of Jewish property. Per respondents' complaint, off-
cials from Hungary's national railway, the Magyar Állam-
vasutak Zrt. (MÁV), robbed Hungarian Jews of their
possessions before transporting them to Nazi death camps.
Id., at 40 -- 41. The Hungarian Government, moreover, "de-
clared all valuable objects owned by Jews -- except for their
most personal items -- part of the national wealth of Hun-
gary." Simon v. Republic of Hungary, 77 F. 4th 1077, 1090
(CADC 2023) (Simon III ).
Respondents are a group of Jewish survivors of the Hun-
garian Holocaust and their heirs who seek damages for a va-
riety of claims, including, inter alia, conversion, unjust en-
Page Proof Pending Publication
richment, civil conspiracy to commit tortious acts, and aiding
and abetting the conversion of their property, based on Hun-
gary and MÁV's alleged seizure of their property. They
claim that Hungary, after seizing their property, liquidated
it and deposited the proceeds in the Hungarian treasury.
There the funds became commingled with other Hungarian
Government funds, money Hungary has since used for a wide
variety of governmental and commercial operations. Re-
spondents' complaint further alleges that MÁV also liqui-
dated the property it expropriated and deposited the pro-
ceeds into commingled accounts that it owns today and has
used for a wide range of transactions.
In the 2000s, Hungary allegedly used funds from its treas-
ury to issue bonds in the United States and to purchase mili-
tary equipment here. See 579 F. Supp. 3d 91, 107 -- 108 (DC
2021). MÁV also engages in commercial activity in the
United States, including by maintaining an agency here that
sells tickets, books reservations, and conducts similar busi-
ness. Ibid.
124 REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY v. SIMON

Opinion of the Court

C
In 2010, respondents sued Hungary and MÁV, seeking
compensation for the seizure of their property during the
Holocaust. The procedural history of this case is lengthy.
It includes several appeals to the D. C. Circuit. See Simon
v. Republic of Hungary, 812 F. 3d 127 (CADC 2016) (Simon
I ); Simon v. Republic of Hungary, 911 F. 3d 1172 (2018)
(Simon II ); Simon III, 77 F. 4th 1077. When the case pre-
viously reached this Court, we vacated the judgment in
Simon II and remanded the case for further proceedings
consistent with our decision in Philipp, 592 U. S., at 172.
See Republic of Hungary v. Simon, (2021)
(per curiam).
As relevant here, respondents allege that Hungary and
MÁV are subject to the jurisdiction of United States courts
under the expropriation exception. To satisfy (3)'s
commercial nexus requirement, respondents rely on a "com-
Page Proof Pending Publication
mingling theory": They "alleg[e] that the Hungarian defend-
ants liquidated the[ir] stolen property, mixed the resulting
funds with their general revenues, and devoted the proceeds
to funding various governmental and commercial opera-
tions." Simon I, 812 F. 3d, at 147. Those commingled
funds, respondents maintain, were once "exchanged for"
their expropriated property and are now "property... pres-
ent in the United States in connection with a commercial
activity carried on in the United States by" Hungary.
(3). Among other things, Hungary allegedly used
commingled funds to issue bonds and purchase military
equipment in the United States in the 2000s; and MÁV alleg-
edly still "own[s]" the same commingled funds. See 579
F. Supp. 3d, at 107 -- 109; see also (3) (permitting suit
when "[expropriated] property or any property exchanged
for such property is owned... by an agency... of the foreign
state and that agency... is engaged in a commercial activity
in the United States" ).
 Cite as: (2025) 125

Opinion of the Court

Following this Court's remand on an unrelated question,
the District Court reaffrmed a prior determination that
respondents' commingling theory satisfed the commercial
nexus element of (3). Id., at 122,. The D. C.
Circuit affrmed. It rejected Hungary's assertion that re-
spondents needed to " `produce evidence tracing property in
the United States or possessed by MÁV to property expro-
priated from them during World War II.' " 77 F. 4th,
at 1118. Instead, the court concluded that Congress, by in-
cluding the phrase " `or any property exchanged for such
property' " in the expropriation exception, intended to cover
circumstances in which a foreign state converts stolen prop-
erty into cash and commingles the cash with other funds.
Ibid.
The court reasoned, moreover, that "[r]equiring plaintiffs
whose property was liquidated to allege and prove that they
have traced funds in the foreign state's or instrumentality's
Page Proof Pending Publication
possession to proceeds of the sale of their property would
render the FSIA's expropriation exception a nullity for vir-
tually all claims involving liquidation" of property. Ibid.
"Given the fungibility of money," the court explained, "once
a foreign sovereign sells stolen property and mixes the pro-
ceeds with other funds in its possession, those proceeds ordi-
narily become untraceable to any specifc future property or
transaction." Ibid. The D. C. Circuit "decline[d] to ascribe
to Congress an intent to create a safe harbor for foreign sov-
ereigns who choose to commingle rather than segregate or
separately account for the proceeds from unlawful takings."
Ibid.
The Court granted certiorari, (2024), to de-
cide "[w]hether historical commingling of assets suffces to
establish that proceeds of seized property have a commercial
nexus with the United States under the expropriation excep-
tion to the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act," Pet. for
Cert. ii.
126 REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY v. SIMON

Opinion of the Court

II
A
To establish federal jurisdiction under the expropriation
exception, plaintiffs must allege facts suffcient to raise a
plausible inference that either their property, or "any prop-
erty exchanged for such property," is "present in the United
States in connection with a commercial activity carried on in
the United States by" the foreign sovereign, or that those
belongings are "owned or operated by" a foreign state
agency "engaged in a commercial activity in the United
States." 1 (3).
As a general matter, respondents agree, (3) tasks
plaintiffs with identifying specifc property, or particular
property exchanged for that property, "present in the United
States in connection with a commercial activity... by the

Page
1
Proof
In their petition Pending
for certiorari, Publication
Hungary and MÁV asked this Court to
answer two additional questions. First is whether this Court's decision
in Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela v. Helmerich & Payne Int'l Drilling
Co., (2017), displaced the typical plausibility pleading stand-
ard, for actions brought under the FSIA, with a heightened standard for
factual allegations. Pet. for Cert. ii. It is unnecessary to resolve this
question, however, because the commingling theory cannot satisfy the
lower of these two standards. The Court thus assumes without deciding
that the plausibility pleading standard applies here.
Hungary and MÁV's second additional question concerns who bears the
burden of production to prove (or disprove) that expropriated property
has a commercial nexus with the United States. Ibid. The Government
asks the Court to answer a related question: Who bears the burden of
persuasion on that issue. Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae I.
The Court declines to answer either question. The parties agree that
respondents bear the burden of production. See Brief for Petitioners 39;
Brief for Respondents 37 -- 38. And it is unnecessary to resolve who bears
the ultimate burden of persuasion because that question arises only after
a plaintiff has pleaded adequately that (3)'s commercial nexus is
satisfed, which respondents have not done here with their commingling
allegations.
 Cite as: (2025) 127

Opinion of the Court

foreign state," or owned by a foreign state agency engaged
in commercial activity in the United States. Ibid. Specif-
cally, plaintiffs must identify either the expropriated prop-
erty itself ("that property") or "any property exchanged for
such property." Ibid. Doing so inevitably requires that
plaintiffs show a tracing of some sort that explains the prop-
erty's lineage and how it found itself in the United States (or
in the possession of a foreign sovereign agency that does
commercial activity here).
When the property at issue is tangible expropriated prop-
erty itself, a plaintiff must allege some facts that give rise
to a plausible inference that the property is in the United
States. Suppose a foreign sovereign expropriates and re-
tains for its collection a piece of art from a plaintiff. To
bring suit under (3), the plaintiff would have to put
forth some facts that support tracing that artwork to a loca-
tion in the United States or to the possession of an agency
Page Proof Pending Publication
of the sovereign with commercial activities in the United
States. A complaint would fail if it instead identifed an-
other unrelated artwork expropriated by the foreign state,
even if that other artwork had the requisite commercial
nexus to the United States. No one disputes that the phrase
"that property" in (3) refers only to the specifc piece
of property taken from the plaintiff.
As respondents recognize, the same tracing requirement
would exist if the foreign sovereign were to exchange the
plaintiff 's artwork for another tangible item. Brief for Re-
spondents 42 -- 43. For example, suppose that the sovereign
trades the expropriated artwork for a different piece of art.
That transaction would not extinguish the plaintiff 's ability
to sue: the other piece of art is, of course, property, and
(3) permits suit based on "any property exchanged"
for the expropriated property. (Emphasis added.) If the
plaintiff alleges facts suffcient to reasonably conclude that
the different piece of art can be traced to the United States,
128 REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY v. SIMON

Opinion of the Court

(3)'s commercial nexus is satisfed. The plaintiff
could not merely allege, however, that the foreign sovereign
maintains an art collection in the United States. Nor would
it be suffcient for the plaintiff to allege that the collection
includes other art that is comparable to the exchanged-for
piece of art. Section 1605(a)(3)'s use of "exchanged for"
means the only relevant art is the one the foreign sovereign
received in return for the plaintiff 's original artwork. Ibid.;
see also American Heritage Dictionary 457 (1975) (defning
"exchange" as "[t]o relinquish (one thing for another)").
Respondents' commingling theory accepts all this, but pos-
its an exception to the statute's tracing requirement that ap-
plies only when a foreign sovereign converts expropriated
property into money or other fungible property. According
to the commingling theory, if a foreign sovereign exchanges
expropriated property for money, a plaintiff need not identify
the specifc funds for which their property was exchanged.
Instead, respondents claim, a plaintiff need only identify any
Page Proof Pending Publication
fund that was, at any time, no matter how remote, commin-
gled with the proceeds of the foreign sovereign's sale of the
expropriated property. This commingling theory thus does
away with the tracing requirement implicit in the phrase
"exchanged for" within (3).
Section 1605(a)(3) contains no such exception. The plain
text of the expropriation exception treats all "property"
alike, whether that property is tangible (like a piece of art)
or fungible (like cash). Thus, if instead of exchanging the
expropriated artwork for another piece of art, the for-
eign sovereign sells it and deposits the cash proceeds into a
bank account used for commercial activities, that mere fact
does not relieve plaintiffs from alleging some facts that en-
able the reasonable tracing of those proceeds to the United
States.
As Sabbatino shows, one way a plaintiff can do so is by
identifying an account within the United States that holds
the proceeds from the sale of seized property. Similarly, a
plaintiff might satisfy (3)'s commercial nexus by al-
 Cite as: (2025) 129

Opinion of the Court

leging that a foreign sovereign, soon after commingling
funds from the sale of expropriated property, spent all the
funds from the commingled account in the United States as
part of its commercial activity here. It would follow that
the proceeds connected to the expropriated property would
likely be present in the United States. The same would be
true if the amount of commingled funds spent exceeds the
amount of the funds in the account unrelated to the alleged
expropriation. Put another way, suppose a foreign sover-
eign expropriates property and sells it for $1 million. If the
foreign state then deposits those proceeds into an account
containing $250,000 in other funds and immediately spends
$500,000 of the commingled funds for a commercial transac-
tion in the United States, a plaintiff could rely on those facts
to satisfy (3)'s commercial nexus. Those facts
would establish that (at least) $250,000 of the $1 million pro-
ceeds "exchanged for" the expropriated property is "present
in the United States." (3).2 These are merely ex-
Page Proof Pending Publication
amples of how the tracing requirement might be met.
A plaintiff does not make the necessary showing, however,
by alleging only that the foreign sovereign deposited the
proceeds from the sale of expropriated property into an ac-
count at some time and eventually used that account for com-
mercial activity in the United States. That is because an
allegation of commingling alone does not give rise to a plau-
sible inference that the specifc property "exchanged for" the
expropriated property, i. e., the cash proceeds from the sale,
is "present in the United States." Ibid. To the contrary, it
will typically be indeterminate whether an expenditure of
commingled funds includes any of the proceeds connected to
the expropriated property. Commingling allegations are
therefore not enough on their own because they do not allow

2
The proximity in time between a foreign sovereign's commingling of
proceeds from expropriated property with other money and its expendi-
ture of those commingled funds in the United States for commercial activ-
ity may also be a relevant consideration in assessing whether a plaintiff
has satisfed (3)'s commercial nexus.
130 REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY v. SIMON

Opinion of the Court

for plausible tracing of specifc funds. To conclude other-
wise requires accepting an attenuated fction that commin-
gling funds in an account, even if done decades earlier, means
the account today still contains funds attributable to the sale
of expropriated property.
The problem with such a fction becomes especially clear
when a foreign sovereign has used commingled funds not
just for commercial activities in the United States but also
for commercial and governmental operations all over the
world, as is the case here. App. 33 (alleging that Hungary
"liquidated stolen property, mixed the resulting funds with
their general revenues, and devoted the proceeds to funding
various governmental and commercial operations"). In such
circumstances, it is no more likely that the funds related to
the expropriated property ended up in the United States
than that they ended up anywhere else in the world or re-
mained in Hungary. That is especially true when the com-
Page Proof Pending Publication
mingled funds are within a foreign sovereign's treasury,
given that old and new revenues fow in and out of the treas-
ury in massive quantities over time. Thus, commingling
allegations alone cannot plausibly establish that any of the
relevant proceeds from expropriated property are in the
United States.
All this is not to say that, once funds are commingled,
plaintiffs will never be able to satisfy (3). As pre-
viously noted, there are scenarios in which a plaintiff might
satisfy (3)'s commercial nexus requirement when ex-
propriated property has been exchanged for cash and that
cash has been commingled with other funds. Supra, at 128.
The Court does not today purport to identify all circum-
stances in which commingling allegations may be part of
broader allegations that collectively satisfy (3)'s
commercial nexus. Instead, the Court holds only that an
allegation that a foreign sovereign liquidated expropriated
property, commingled the proceeds with other funds, and
then used some of those commingled funds for commercial
 Cite as: (2025) 131

Opinion of the Court

activities in the United States (or that a foreign instrumen-
tality retained such proceeds and then commingled them
with other funds) cannot itself establish the required com-
mercial nexus of (3).
Because respondents have disclaimed in this case the util-
ity of common-law tracing principles and rules from other
contexts, Tr. of Oral Arg. 76, we leave for another day the
extent to which they may prove helpful to courts tasked with
determining whether a plaintiff has satisfed (3)'s
commercial nexus when expropriated property has been liq-
uidated and commingled. Cf. Luis v. United States, (2016) (plurality opinion) (referring to "tracing
rules governing commingled accounts" in the trust-law con-
text and citing 4 A. Scott, Law of Trusts (1956)).
Courts should not import refexively those principles and
rules into this context, however, given the baseline presump-
tion of foreign sovereign immunity. Any application of ex-
Page Proof Pending Publication
isting tracing principles and rules must be consistent with
the overall FSIA scheme and the expropriation exception's
requirements.
B
This interpretation of (3) is further consistent
with the FSIA's structure, history, and purpose. As a gen-
eral matter, litigants cannot sue foreign sovereigns in United
States courts. The FSIA "creates a baseline presumption
of immunity from suit." Philipp, 592 U. S., at 176; see 28
U. S. C.. To the extent the Act permits litigation
against foreign states, it usually requires that the litigation
be premised on the foreign state's private, commercial con-
duct. That is because the FSIA " `largely codifes' the re-
strictive theory" of sovereign immunity, which shields for-
eign states from being sued for their public acts. Philipp,
592 U. S., at 183. Courts should "take seriously the Act's
general effort to preserve a dichotomy between private and
public acts." Ibid.
132 REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY v. SIMON

Opinion of the Court

Although (3) allows plaintiffs to bring suit based
on the public act of expropriation, this Court has previously
"reject[ed] the suggestion that Congress intended the expro-
priation exception to operate as a `radical departure' from
the `basic principles' of the restrictive theory." Id., at 183. Yet reading
(3) as broadly as respondents do would undermine
those principles by expanding greatly the circumstances in
which foreign sovereigns can be brought into United States
courts for their public acts.
Moreover, Congress drafted the expropriation exception
"against th[e] legal and historical backdrop" that includes not
only the restrictive theory but also Sabbatino. Philipp, 592
U. S., at 181. Recall that the text of (3) mirrors, in
part, that of the Second Hickenlooper Amendment, which
Congress enacted "to permit adjudication of claims the Sab-
batino decision had avoided." Id., at 179. In Sabbatino,
Page Proof Pending Publication
"the proceeds... in controversy" could be traced to a New
York account that contained segregated funds attributable
only to the sale of expropriated sugar. 376 U. S., at 401.
The facts of Sabbatino, along with the FSIA's plain text re-
quiring identifcation of distinct property seized, or specifc
property exchanged for that property, with a commercial
nexus to the United States, counsel against the commingling
theory alone satisfying (3)'s commercial nexus.
There is further good reason for the Court not to read
(3) so broadly as to permit a commingling theory
alone: the United States' "reciprocal self-interest" in receiv-
ing sovereign immunity in foreign courts. National City
Bank of N. Y. v. Republic of China, (1955).
This Court "interpret[s] the FSIA as we do other statutes
affecting international relations: to avoid, where possible,
`producing friction in our relations with [other] nations and
leading some to reciprocate by granting their courts permis-
sion to embroil the United States in expensive and diffcult
litigation.' " Philipp, 592 U. S., at 184 133

Opinion of the Court

581 U. S., at 183; alteration in original). Although the ex-
propriation exception is "unique" in how it departs from the
restrictive theory, Philipp, 592 U. S., at 183, its drafters un-
derstood it to " `conform fairly closely' " with international
law, Helmerich, 581 U. S., at 181; ibid. (observing that "this
Court, like Congress, has paid special attention" to the Gov-
ernment's "views on sovereign immunity"). That is why the
exception requires a commercial nexus with the United
States and a taking of property "in violation of international
law." (3). By including this language, Congress
hoped it "would diminish the likelihood that other nations
would each go their own way, thereby `subject[ing]' the
United States `abroad' to more claims `than we permit in this
country.' " Id., at 181 ).
If respondents' commingling theory were accepted,
Page Proof Pending Publication
(3) would impose a far greater limitation on foreign
sovereign immunity, expanding the set of circumstances in
which foreign sovereigns could be sued in United States
courts for public acts involving expropriation. The Govern-
ment represents that this would invite the very risk it
sought to avoid in helping draft (3): that foreign
states, in response, will subject the United States abroad to
"retaliatory or reciprocal actions" in their courts. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 31. The Court declines to interpret (3) in
the expansive manner that respondents seek.

III
A
Respondents do not resist that the plain text of (3)
requires plaintiffs to identify and trace their specifc expro-
priated property, or the particular property exchanged for
their expropriated property, to the United States (or to the
possession of a foreign instrumentality that does commercial
134 REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY v. SIMON

Opinion of the Court

activity here) when the property in question is nonfungible.
Yet respondents insist that the same statutory text does
not require similar tracing when the expropriated property
is converted into cash. Instead, respondents maintain,
(3) is best read to support their commingling theory
in those circumstances. That argument is unpersuasive.
Respondents start from the undisputed premise that
money is property. From there, respondents argue that
money can be the "any property" that is "exchanged for"
expropriated property. (3). If a foreign sovereign
then commingles proceeds from the sale of expropriated
property with other funds, respondents explain, the proceeds
do not lose their status as the property that was "exchanged
for" the expropriated property. Thus, according to respond-
ents, when those commingled funds enter the United States
in connection with a foreign state's commercial activities (or
enter the possession of a foreign agency that does commer-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cial activities in the United States), the commercial nexus is
satisfed because the commingled funds came from an ac-
count where the expropriated proceeds were deposited. No
further tracing is required, they insist, because money is fun-
gible. This fungibility means any given dollar of the pro-
ceeds in an account is indistinguishable from, and thus ex-
changeable with, any dollar in the commingled account.
Section 1605(a)(3)'s text does not support this theory. For
one, the expropriation exception does not draw any distinc-
tions between nonfungible and fungible property. Nothing
in the text of (3) establishes distinct tracing require-
ments for the latter. Moreover, respondents' commingling
theory distorts the ordinary meaning of "exchange." When
a foreign sovereign sells expropriated property, the cash pro-
ceeds it gets in return is the relevant property for purposes
of (3). This is because those proceeds were "ex-
changed for" the expropriated property, and it is this prop-
erty a plaintiff must show is in the United States. The
other money in a foreign sovereign's possession is irrelevant.
 Cite as: (2025) 135

Opinion of the Court

Just as a foreign sovereign's art collection in the United
States would be if it does not contain a plaintiff 's specifc
expropriated artwork or a piece of art exchanged for that
artwork.
Respondents do not argue that a foreign state's cash re-
serves, if kept separate from proceeds of the sale of expropri-
ated property, can qualify as "property exchanged for" ex-
propriated property. Nor could they: That separate cash
bears no relationship to the expropriated property. That a
foreign sovereign may instead commingle expropriated pro-
ceeds with other unrelated funds does not change that con-
clusion. The only property the sovereign received in "ex-
change" for the expropriated property is the cash proceeds
it received in that transaction. Yet the commingling theory
requires accepting the idea that the entire account with com-
mingled funds should be regarded as property "exchanged
for" the expropriated property, even if that account's assets
Page Proof Pending Publication
far outweigh what the foreign sovereign received for selling
the expropriated property.
The facts of this case underscore why this commingling
theory is inconsistent with the ordinary meaning of "ex-
changed for." Respondents allege that Hungary used gen-
eral treasury funds to issue bonds and purchase military
equipment in the United States in the 2000s. That expendi-
ture, respondents maintain, permits their suit to proceed
under (3) because Hungary allegedly expropriated
their property during World War II, liquidated it, and then
commingled the proceeds with government funds. In the
intervening decades, however, Hungary has made countless
transactions throughout several institutional collapses and
regime changes, resulting in billions in revenues fowing in
and out of its treasury. Against this historical backdrop, it
is implausible to say that the commingling Hungary did in
the 1940s, on its own, establishes that the money it spent in
the United States in the 2000s was "exchanged for" the prop-
erty Hungary allegedly expropriated from respondents.
136 REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY v. SIMON

Opinion of the Court

The same is true for the assertion that any of MÁV's current
possessions were "exchanged for" respondents' property
based solely on the fact that it allegedly liquidated respond-
ents' property in the 1940s and then commingled the pro-
ceeds with its general revenues, given that MÁV has used
those commingled funds in the intervening decades for
countless transactions as well. To say otherwise stretches
"exchange" to the point of breaking.
It is true that, because money is fungible, it will likely be
diffcult to trace cash from the sale of expropriated property
after it is commingled. Section 1605(a)(3), however, con-
tains a further textual indication that reinforces its require-
ment of tracing specifc property: When a foreign sovereign
is responsible for the expropriation, a suit may proceed only
if the property is "present in the United States." Congress
was well aware that the location of money can become in-
determinate when it is commingled, but it nonetheless
imposed this geographic constraint for "any" property, in-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cluding money. Ibid. ; cf. 21 U. S. C.
(1)(E), (2) (in the criminal forfeiture context, permit-
ting seizure of "any other property of the defendant" when
property "has been commingled with other property which
cannot be divided without diffculty").

B
Respondents next argue that the concerns this Court
raised in Sabbatino about tracing expropriated property
helps their position. For instance, the Court observed that
"one would have diffculty determining after goods had
changed hands several times whether the particular articles
in question were the product of " expropriation. 376 U. S.,
at 434. The Court also mentioned specifcally the "diffcult
tas[k] of ascertaining the origin of fungible goods." Ibid.,. Congress nevertheless enacted the Second Hicken-
looper Amendment with those observations in mind, and
 Cite as: (2025) 137

Opinion of the Court

later passed the expropriation exception, which has language
nearly identical to that of the Second Hickenlooper Amend-
ment. According to respondents, those actions refect Con-
gress's intent to allow the adjudication of expropriation
claims generally, including those premised on a commin-
gling theory.
It is the statutory text of (3) that best refects
Congress's intent, however, and it does not support respond-
ents' commingling theory for the reasons discussed. In-
deed, the expropriation exception permits only claims that
show a commercial nexus between expropriated property (or
property exchanged for that property) and the United
States, a requirement not found in the Second Hickenlooper
Amendment. Moreover, the Second Hickenlooper Amend-
ment allows claims "based upon (or traced through) a confs-
cation or other taking," 22 U. S. C. (2), underscoring the importance of alleging some facts
that enable the reasonable tracing of property to the United
Page Proof Pending Publication
States, in the (3) context, when claims identify
"property exchanged for [expropriated] property," 28 U. S. C.
(3). Thus, the expropriation ex-
ception's roots in Sabbatino and the Second Hickenlooper
Amendment do not provide a compelling reason to abandon
the plain meaning of (3).3

3
Contrary to respondents' assertions, moreover, the Second Hicken-
looper Amendment was contemporaneously understood by courts to per-
mit adjudication of claims involving "specifc and identifable and `trace-
able' property." French v. Banco Nacional de Cuba, 23 N. Y. 2d 46, 61,
242 N. E. 2d 704, 714 (1968); see id., at 58, 242 N. E. 2d, at 712 (observing
that the amendment was "restricted, manifestly, to the kind of problem
exemplifed by the Sabbatino case itself, a claim of title or other right to
specifc property which had been expropriated abroad" );
see also Hunt v. Coastal States Gas Prod. Co., 583 S. W. 2d 322, 330, 
(Tex. 1979) ("Although the amendment does not refer specifcally to pro-
ceeds, it is clear that it was intended to apply to the property as long as
it is traceable").
138 REPUBLIC OF HUNGARY v. SIMON

Opinion of the Court

C
Lastly, respondents argue from purpose. Like the D. C.
Circuit, they maintain that (3) will be rendered a
nullity if the commingling theory alone cannot plausibly es-
tablish a commercial nexus with the United States. The
commingling theory is necessary, they insist, because with-
out it, foreign sovereigns can "commingle the proceeds from
illegally taken property with general accounts" and thereby
"insulate [themselves] from suit [in the United States] under
the expropriation exception." 77 F. 4th, at 1118.
The Court's decision, however, does not categorically re-
ject claims premised on a commingling theory. The Court
holds only that a commingling theory cannot satisfy
(3)'s commercial nexus on its own. It is true that it
will be harder for plaintiffs to satisfy (3)'s commer-
cial nexus element when a foreign sovereign expropriates
property in violation of international law and liquidates it if
Page Proof Pending Publication
they cannot rely on a commingling theory alone. This added
diffculty in bringing some (3) claims, though, does
not make the expropriation exception a dead letter for the
reasons explained. Supra, at 128 -- 131.
Respondents' policy concerns, moreover, cannot " `sur-
mount the plain language of the statute,' " Truck Insurance
Exchange v. Kaiser Gypsum Co., (2024)
), especially given countervailing ones that better con-
form to the plain text. Allowing plaintiffs to forgo alto-
gether the statute's tracing requirements by pleading a com-
mingling theory could allow vastly more suits to proceed
under (3), even though the expropriated property
would have an attenuated nexus to the United States. This
could, in turn, undermine the United States' foreign relations
and reciprocal self-interest, as well as (3)'s conform-
ity with international law. As discussed, the Government
helped craft (3) expressly to avoid that outcome,
 Cite as: (2025) 139

Opinion of the Court

supra, at 132 -- 133, and Congress intended for (3) to
operate as only a limited departure from the restrictive the-
ory, which provides foreign sovereign immunity for public
acts like expropriation.
* * *
Ultimately, today's decision concerns only what plaintiffs
must plead to bring suit against foreign sovereigns for their
actions abroad in the courts of the United States. That a
particular claim cannot satisfy the expropriation exception
means only that it cannot be brought here, not that it cannot
be brought in any forum. As the Government correctly rec-
ognizes, "the moral imperative has been and continues to
be to provide some measure of justice to the victims of the
Holocaust, and to do so in their remaining lifetimes." Brief
for United States as Amicus Curiae 26. The Government
also represents, however, that "[r]especting the limits in the
FSIA aids in the United States' efforts to persuade foreign
Page Proof Pending Publication
nations to establish appropriate redress and compensation
mechanisms for human-rights violations, including the hor-
rendous human-rights violations perpetrated during the
Holocaust." Ibid.
For the foregoing reasons, the Court concludes that a com-
mingling theory, without more, cannot satisfy the commercial
nexus requirement of (3). The judgment of the
Court of Appeals for the D. C. Circuit is vacated, and the
case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 1
Pages 226 -- 304

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
February 25, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
226 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

certiorari to the court of criminal appeals of
oklahoma
No. 22 -- 7466. Argued October 9, 2024 -- Decided February 25, 2025
In 1997, Justin Sneed beat Barry Van Treese to death with a baseball bat
at an Oklahoma hotel owned by Van Treese and managed by petitioner
Richard Glossip. Glossip initially made inconsistent statements to the
police about Sneed's role in the murder, but he ultimately told police
that Sneed admitted to killing Van Treese. Sneed later claimed Glossip
had asked him to murder Van Treese because, among other things,
Glossip had wanted to steal Van Treese's money. Glossip maintained
his innocence and refused a plea deal that would have had him avoid the
death penalty in return for testifying against Sneed. Sneed then testi-
fed against Glossip at trial in exchange for avoiding the death penalty,
and Sneed's testimony was the only direct evidence connecting Glossip
to the murder. The jury convicted Glossip and sentenced him to death.
The Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals (OCCA) overturned that con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
viction because the defense had been ineffective in challenging Sneed's
testimony and the remainder of the evidence only weakly corroborated
Sneed's account. At the retrial, Sneed provided inconsistent testimony
on potential motives for Glossip's murder. Sneed also denied that he
had been prescribed lithium or seen a psychiatrist. After the defense
established (through the State's medical examiner) that Van Treese had
been attacked with a knife as well as a bat, Sneed testifed that he had
repeatedly tried to stab Van Treese in the chest with a pocket knife.
But Sneed had previously denied stabbing Van Treese both when ques-
tioned by the police as well as at Glossip's frst trial. Glossip moved for
a mistrial based on the prosecution's failure to notify the defense about
Sneed's change in testimony, which the trial court denied after the
prosecution disclaimed any knowledge about the change. Glossip was
again convicted and sentenced to death, and a closely divided OCCA
affrmed, holding that circumstantial evidence suggesting Glossip had
mismanaged the hotel, combined with Glossip's concession that he had
been dishonest in his initial statements after the murder, suffciently
corroborated Sneed's testimony that he killed Van Treese at Glossip's
direction.
Glossip subsequently fled several unsuccessful habeas petitions.
Concerns over the integrity of his conviction led a bipartisan group of
 Cite as: (2025) 227

Syllabus

Oklahoma legislators to commission an independent investigation by a
law frm, Reed Smith. In June 2022, Reed Smith reported "grave
doubt" about Glossip's conviction, citing factors such as the prosecution's
deliberate destruction of key evidence and the false portrayal of Justin
Sneed as a non-violent "puppet." The State then disclosed seven boxes
of previously withheld documents, including letters suggesting Sneed
had considered recanting and a note from prosecutor Connie Smother-
mon to Sneed's lawyer noting they should "get to" Sneed to discuss his
problematic testimony about a knife found in Van Treese's room.
Glossip fled for post-conviction relief based on this evidence and evi-
dence revealed by Reed Smith. Glossip also argued that, during his
second trial, Smothermon had interfered with Sneed's testimony about
the knife in violation of the rule of sequestration, which prohibits wit-
nesses from hearing each other's testimony. Oklahoma waived any pro-
cedural defenses to Glossip's claims, and asked the OCCA to deny the
claims on their merits. The OCCA denied Glossip's claims as procedur-
ally barred and meritless.
The State then discovered additional documents revealing that Sneed
had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and prescribed lithium, contra-
dicting his trial testimony. The attorney general determined that

Page Proof Pending Publication
Smothermon had knowingly elicited false testimony from Sneed and
failed to correct it, violating Napue v. Illinois, which held
that prosecutors have a constitutional obligation to correct false testi-
mony. Glossip fled a successive petition for post-conviction relief,
which the attorney general supported, conceding multiple errors that
warranted a new trial. The OCCA denied the unopposed petition with-
out a hearing, holding that Glossip's claims were procedurally barred
under Oklahoma's Post-Conviction Procedures Act (PCPA), and further
that the State's concession was not "based in law or fact" because it did
not create a Napue error. This Court stayed Glossip's execution and
granted certiorari.
Held:
1. This Court has jurisdiction to review the OCCA's judgment. The
independent and adequate state ground doctrine precludes the Court
from considering a federal question if the state court's decision rests on
an independent and adequate state-law ground. The OCCA's applica-
tion of the PCPA was not such a ground, because the OCCA's decision
to apply the PCPA depended on its antecedent rejection of the attorney
general's confession of a Napue error, which was based solely on federal
law. The OCCA held that the confession could not overcome the
PCPA's limitations because it lacked a basis in law or fact, specifcally
fnding no Napue error.
228 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Syllabus

Oklahoma precedent confrms that the OCCA normally rejects an at-
torney general's confession of error only after fnding it unsupported by
law and the record. By making the application of the PCPA contingent
on its determination that the attorney general's confession of federal
constitutional error was baseless, the OCCA made the procedural bar
dependent on an antecedent ruling on federal law. To the extent that
the OCCA's reasoning on this point is insuffciently "clear from the face
of the opinion," the Court presumes reliance on federal law under Mich-
igan v. Long, -- 1041. Pp. 242 -- 246.
2. The prosecution violated its constitutional obligation to correct
false testimony. Pp. 246 -- 258.
(a) Under Napue, a conviction obtained through the knowing use
of false evidence violates the Fourteenth Amendment's Due Process
Clause. To establish a Napue violation, a defendant must show that
the prosecution knowingly solicited or allowed false testimony to go
uncorrected. If a violation is established, a new trial is warranted if
the false testimony could in any reasonable likelihood have affected the
jury's judgment; meaning, ordinarily, that the prosecution must estab-
lish harmlessness beyond a reasonable doubt. United States v. Bagley, ; Chapman v. California,. Here,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Oklahoma's attorney general joins Glossip in asserting a Napue error,
conceding that Sneed's testimony about his lithium prescription was
false and that the prosecution knowingly failed to correct it. The rec-
ord supports that confession of error. Evidence showed that Sneed was
prescribed lithium to treat bipolar disorder, not after asking for cold
medicine as he claimed at trial. The evidence likewise establishes that
the prosecution knew Sneed's testimony was false. The prosecution al-
most certainly had access to Sneed's medical fle through Sneed's compe-
tency evaluation. And Smothermon's notes show that she had a pre-
trial conversation with Sneed at which he mentioned "lithium" and "Dr.
Trumpet." The straightforward inference is that Smothermon was
aware before trial that Sneed had received his lithium prescription from
Dr. Trombka, a psychiatrist and the sole medical professional at the
Oklahoma County jail authorized to prescribe lithium.
Because Sneed's testimony was the only direct evidence of Glossip's
guilt, the jury's assessment of Sneed's credibility was material and nec-
essarily determinative. Correcting Sneed's lie would have undermined
his credibility and revealed his willingness to lie under oath. The false
testimony also bore on Glossip's guilt because evidence of Sneed's bipo-
lar disorder, which could trigger impulsive violence when combined with
his drug use, would have contradicted the prosecution's portrayal of
Sneed as harmless without Glossip's infuence. Hence there is a reason-
 Cite as: (2025) 229

Syllabus

able likelihood that correcting Sneed's testimony would have affected
the judgment of the jury. Napue, 360 U. S., at 271. Additional prose-
cutorial misconduct, such as violating the rule of sequestration, destroy-
ing evidence, and withholding witness statements, further undermines
confdence in the verdict. Consequently, the prosecution's failure to
correct Sneed's false testimony entitles Glossip to a new trial under
Napue. Pp. 246 -- 252.
(b) The OCCA's contrary holding rests on a mistaken interpretation
of Napue. The OCCA held that there was no violation because the
defense was aware or should have been aware that Sneed was taking
lithium. But Sneed's false testimony concerned the reasons for his pre-
scription, not merely the fact that he had taken lithium. Moreover, the
Due Process Clause imposes the duty to correct false testimony on the
State, not the defense. The OCCA's holding that Sneed was likely in de-
nial of his mental health disorders is beside the point; what matters is that
the testimony was false and the prosecutor knowingly allowed it to stand.
Additional arguments in support of the OCCA's position are unpersua-
sive. Napue does not require that the false testimony itself must have
directly affected the trial's outcome; Napue requires assessing whether
the prosecutor's failure to correct the testimony could have contributed
to the verdict. Also unpersuasive are arguments based on extra-record
Page Proof Pending Publication
materials and insuffcient time spent interviewing the prosecutor.
Because the attorney general's confession of error is supported by
ample evidence, the Court declines to remand this case for further evi-
dentiary proceedings. When the Court has jurisdiction, a new trial is
the appropriate remedy for a violation of Napue. Pp. 252 -- 258.
529 P. 3d 218, reversed and remanded.

Sotomayor, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Kagan, Kavanaugh, and Jackson, JJ., joined, and in which
Barrett, J., joined as to Part II. Barrett, J., fled an opinion concur-
ring in part and dissenting in part, post, p. 258. Thomas, J., fled a dis-
senting opinion, in which Alito, J., joined, and in which Barrett, J.,
joined as to Parts IV -- A -- 1, IV -- A -- 2, and IV -- A -- 3, post, p. 262. Gorsuch,
J., took no part in the consideration or decision of the case.

Seth P. Waxman argued the cause for petitioner. With
him on the briefs were Catherine M. A. Carroll, Zaki
Anwar, Donald R. Knight, Amy P. Knight, John R. Mills,
and Joseph J. Perkovich.
Paul D. Clement argued the cause for respondent under
this Court's Rule 12.6. With him on the briefs were Gentner
F. Drummond, Attorney General of Oklahoma, Garry M.
230 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Syllabus

Gaskins II, Solicitor General, Matthew D. Rowen, and Jo-
seph J. DeMott.
Christopher G. Michel, by invitation of the Court, argued the cause and fled a brief as amicus curiae in
support of the judgment below. With him on the brief were
Rachel G. Frank, Alex Van Dyke, and Nicholas J. Caluda.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the District of
Columbia et al. by Brian L. Schwalb, Attorney General of the District
of Columbia, Caroline S. Van Zile, Solicitor General, Ashwin P. Phatak,
Principal Deputy Solicitor General, Graham E. Phillips, Deputy Solicitor
General, and Elissa R. Lowenthal, Assistant Attorney General, and by
the Attorneys General for their respective States as follows: Philip J.
Weiser of Colorado, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Anthony G. Brown of Mary-
land, Andrea Joy Campbell of Massachusetts, Keith Ellison of Minnesota,
Aaron D. Ford of Nevada, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey, Raúl Torrez
of New Mexico, Letitia James of New York, and Ellen F. Rosenblum of
Oregon; for the American Civil Liberties Union et al. by William R.
Weaver, David D. Cole, Brian W. Stull, Randy Alan Bauman, and Megan
Page Proof Pending Publication
Lambert; for Former Members of the Oklahoma Death Penalty Review
Commission by Carter G. Phillips, Virginia A. Seitz, and Jacqueline G.
Cooper; for the Innocence Project by Andrianna D. Kastanek; for the
National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers by Barbara E. Berg-
man and Hassan Ahmad; for R. Michael Cassidy et al. by Meaghan
VerGow, Joshua Revesz, and Bruce A. Green; for Kenneth T. Cuccinelli
II, by Emmet T. Flood; and for Rep. Kevin McDugle et al. by Gregory
G. Garre.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the State of Texas by Ken Paxton,
Attorney General, Brent Webster, First Assistant Attorney General,
Aaron L. Nielson, Solicitor General, Philip A. Lionberger, Assistant
Solicitor General, and Matthew Ottoway and J. Andrew Mackenzie, Assist-
ant Attorneys General; for the State of Utah et al. by Sean D. Reyes,
Attorney General of Utah, Stanford E. Purser, Solicitor General, Andrew
F. Peterson, Deputy Solicitor General, and Ginger Jarvis and Mark C.
Field, Assistant Solicitors General, and by the Attorneys General for their
respective States as follows: Treg R. Taylor of Alaska, Tim Griffn of
Arkansas, Liz Murrill of Louisiana, Austin Knudsen of Montana, Alan
Wilson of South Carolina, and Jonathan Skrmetti of Tennessee; for the
Criminal Justice Legal Foundation by Kent S. Scheidegger; for Current
and Former State and Federal Prosecutors by David A. Senior and Ann
K. Tria; for Federal Courts Scholars by Melanie L. Bostwick, Thomas M.
 Cite as: (2025) 231

Opinion of the Court

Justice Sotomayor delivered the opinion of the Court.
An Oklahoma jury convicted petitioner Richard Glossip of
paying Justin Sneed to murder Barry Van Treese and sen-
tenced him to death. At trial, Sneed admitted he beat Van
Treese to death, but testifed that Glossip had offered him
thousands of dollars to do so. Glossip confessed he helped
Sneed conceal his crime after the fact, but he denied any
involvement in the murder.
Nearly two decades later, the State disclosed eight boxes
of previously withheld documents from Glossip's trial.
These documents show that Sneed suffered from bipolar dis-
order, which, combined with his known drug use, could have
caused impulsive outbursts of violence. They also estab-
lished, the State agrees, that a jail psychiatrist prescribed
Sneed lithium to treat that condition, and that the prosecu-
tion allowed Sneed falsely to testify at trial that he had
never seen a psychiatrist. Faced with that evidence, Okla-
homa's attorney general confessed error. Before the Okla-
Page Proof Pending Publication
homa Court of Criminal Appeals (OCCA), the State conceded
that the prosecution's failure to correct Sneed's testimony
violated Napue v. Illinois, (1959), which held
that prosecutors have a constitutional obligation to correct
false testimony. The attorney general accordingly asked
the court to grant Glossip a new trial. The OCCA declined
to grant relief because, it held, the State's concession was
not "based in law or fact." 2023 OK CR 5, ¶25, 529 P. 3d
218, 226. Because the prosecution violated its obligations
under Napue, we reverse the judgment below and remand
the case for a new trial.
I
A
Barry Van Treese owned a Best Budget Inn in Tulsa and
in Oklahoma City. Richard Glossip managed the Oklahoma

Bondy, and Katherine M. Kopp; and for Derek Van Treese et al. by Paul
G. Cassell.
232 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of the Court

City hotel and lived there with his girlfriend. In the sum-
mer of 1996, Justin Sneed and his stepbrother approached
Glossip and asked him about working for a room. 2 App.
648. Glossip agreed to let them stay in return for help with
maintenance and housekeeping. Sneed, however, had a his-
tory of violence, angry outbursts, and substance abuse that
included marijuana, methamphetamine, cocaine, and acid.
Id., at 700 -- 701. When, on January 6, 1997, Van Treese vis-
ited the inn to collect cash deposits there, Sneed beat him to
death with a baseball bat. See 2007 OK CR 12, ¶¶4 -- 5, 157
P. 3d 143, 147 -- 148 (Glossip II).
After killing Van Treese, Sneed evaded law enforcement
for several days. Police did promptly interview Glossip,
who told them that Sneed had knocked on his door that night
with a bump on his head "like somebody punched him."
App. to Response to Petitioner's Succ. Application for Post-
Conviction Relief in No. PCD -- 2022 -- 819, Tr. of Glossip Police
Page Proof Pending Publication
Interview 15 (Jan. 8, 1997). Glossip added that Sneed had
told him he slipped in the shower. Ibid. Glossip disclaimed
any knowledge of Van Treese's murder, but admitted that he
helped Sneed replace (from the outside) the broken window
of the room where Van Treese's body was later found. The
next day, offcers arrested Glossip in front of an attorney's
offce with approximately $1,700 in cash on him. 1 App. 291 -- 
292. Glossip then admitted Sneed had told him "that he
killed Barry." Tr. of Glossip Police Interview 10 (Jan. 9,
1997). When confronted with his prior inconsistent state-
ments about the murder and Van Treese's whereabouts,
Glossip said that he had been scared to tell the truth because
he feared his failure to notify the police immediately meant
he was "already involved in it." Id., at 29 -- 30.
The State thereafter charged Sneed with capital murder
and Glossip as an accessory after the fact based on his inac-
curate statements to the police. Eventually, police located
and interviewed Sneed, who had $1,680 in bloody cash on
him. See 14 Tr. 18 (May 28, 2004); 15 Tr. 170 (June 1, 2004).
 Cite as: (2025) 233

Opinion of the Court

The offcers told Sneed that before he "ma[de] up [his] mind
on anything" they wanted him "to hear some of the things"
they "[had] to say," including that they did not think Sneed
had acted alone and that he should not "take the whole
thing" himself. 2 App. 645 -- 646. "[E]verybody" was mak-
ing Sneed "the scapegoat in this," they told him -- especially
Glossip, who was "putting it on [him] the worst." Id., at 655.
Sneed initially responded to the offcers' prompts by at-
tempting to implicate his brother, ibid., but eventually said
that Glossip had wanted to steal Van Treese's money and
that Van Treese's death had been the result of a robbery
gone wrong. Id., at 655 -- 660. Sneed described breaking
into Van Treese's room and beating him with a baseball bat
until he "fgured he was knocked out." Id., at 665. Accord-
ing to Sneed, he then took Van Treese's car keys, stole an
envelope with approximately $4,000 in cash from his car, and
split the money with Glossip. Id., at 665 -- 669. When off-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cers pressed him on the state of Van Treese's body, Sneed
asserted that, "[a]ctually," Glossip had asked him to kill Van
Treese so that he "could run the motel without him being
the boss." Id., at 675.
Following Sneed's interview, Oklahoma charged Glossip,
too, with capital murder. The prosecution offered Glossip a
deal: plead guilty and avoid the death sentence in return for
testifying against Sneed. See App. to Pet. for Cert. in No.
22 -- 6500, p. 144a. When Glossip refused, maintaining his in-
nocence, the State offered Sneed the same deal, and Sneed
accepted. 2001 OK CR 21, ¶5, 29 P. 3d 597, 599 (Glossip I).
Sneed then testifed at Glossip's trial that he beat Van Treese
to death "because [Glossip] asked him to do it." Ibid.
When asked whether there was any "particular reason why
[Glossip] wanted to kill [Van Treese]" that night, Sneed re-
plied, "Not that I know of. Every time that Mr. Van Treese
showed up, [Glossip] was wanting me to kill him." 6 Tr. 89
(June 8, 1998). In closing, the prosecution argued that
Glossip had asked Sneed to kill Van Treese because he be-
234 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of the Court

lieved Van Treese planned to fre him for embezzling hotel
profts. 8 Tr. 14 -- 15 (June 10, 1998). The jury convicted
Glossip and sentenced him to death.
The OCCA unanimously reversed. Sneed's testimony was
the only direct evidence connecting Glossip to the murder, it
held, and "[t]he evidence at trial tending to corroborate
Sneed's testimony was extremely weak." Glossip I, 29
P. 3d, at 599. Defense counsel's failure to cross-examine
Sneed on his many inconsistent statements was therefore "so
ineffective" as to undermine any "confdence that a reliable
adversarial proceeding took place." Ibid.
In 2004, after Glossip rejected another plea offer, 3 App.
720, the State tried him a second time. Several witnesses
confrmed what Glossip had told the police in his second in-
terview: In the hours following Van Treese's killing, Glossip
feigned ignorance and lied about Van Treese's whereabouts.
As in the frst trial, however, only one witness, Justin Sneed,
testifed that Glossip was involved in anything more.1
Page Proof Pending Publication
This time, moreover, the defense established (through the
State's medical examiner) that Van Treese had been attacked

1
The dissent's narrative, which presents as historical fact the testimony
of the prosecution's witnesses at Glossip's second trial, relies heavily on
Sneed's testimony to suggest that Glossip directed the crime and an elabo-
rate coverup. See post, at 262 -- 267 (opinion of Thomas, J.). To the ex-
tent the dissent relies on witnesses other than Sneed, their testimony con-
frms no more than what Glossip himself admitted to the police. As for
Sneed's testimony, the dissent constructs its favored narrative from among
his multiple inconsistent accounts of the murder. See supra, at 232 -- 235;
compare post, at 264 (dissent asserting that "Sneed left [Van Treese's
room] when he thought that he had killed Van Treese"), with 2 App. 665
(Sneed telling police he left Van Treese's room when he thought Van
Treese was "knocked out"); compare post, at 264 (dissent asserting Glossip
told Sneed "they would both be evicted if Glossip lost his job"), with 2
App. 655 -- 665 (Sneed telling police that Van Treese's death was the acci-
dental result of a robbery gone wrong), 6 Tr. 89 (June 8, 1998) (Sneed
testifying that he did not know why Glossip wanted him to kill Van
Treese), and 12 Tr. 75 (May 26, 2004) (Sneed testifying that Glossip had
wanted to rob Van Treese).
 Cite as: (2025) 235

Opinion of the Court

with a knife as well as with a baseball bat. 1 id., at 239 -- 
245. Although Sneed had denied stabbing Van Treese to the
police and at Glossip's frst trial, he now said that he had
repeatedly tried to stab Van Treese in the chest with a
pocket knife. Glossip II, 157 P. 3d, at 148 -- 149. Because
the prosecution had not notifed the defense about this
change in testimony, Glossip moved for a mistrial. 12 Tr.
105 (May 26, 2004). The trial court denied that motion after
the prosecution attested that the change was news to them,
too. Id., at 107 -- 108 ("The chest thing we're all hearing at
the same time").
The prosecution also asked Sneed whether anyone had
prescribed him any medication:
"Q. After you were arrested, were you placed on any
type of prescription medication?
"A. When I was arrested I asked for some Sudafed be-
cause I had a cold, but then shortly after that somehow
Page Proof Pending Publication
they ended up giving me Lithium for some reason, I don't
know why. I never seen no psychiatrist or anything.
"Q. So you don't know why they gave you that?
"A. No." Id., at 64.

Sneed then confrmed that he used illegal drugs including
marijuana and "crank" (methamphetamine) "twice a week"
prior to his arrest. Id., at 64 -- 65. Finally, Sneed testifed
about Glossip's purported motives for killing Van Treese.
He asserted that Glossip had suggested "robbing Barry of
his money," id., at 75, that he had "told [Sneed] at one point
that with Mr. Van Treese out of the way... he would be
able not only [to] manage the motel on Council but also an-
other one they had [in Tulsa]," id., at 89, and that he had
worried he "was going to get fred" because "a couple of the
rooms that were already supposed to be remodeled...
weren't," id., at 95.
The prosecution weaved these suggestions into its closing
argument along with its original theory that Glossip had
236 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of the Court

wanted Van Treese dead to avoid being fred for embezzle-
ment. See 15 Tr. 65 (June 1, 2004) (arguing Glossip's motive
was "a big wad of around 4,000 bucks of American good Yan-
kee dollars to split with the kid"); id., at 153, 163 (arguing
Glossip was going to be fred because of "missing money");
id., at 164 -- 165 (arguing Glossip was going to be fred because
of the condition of the rooms). It then argued that Sneed,
"satisfed and contented with [his] humble life," id., at 68,
had no propensity to violence except at Glossip's direction:
"[I]t's as if Justin Sneed was a Rottweiler puppy, let's
say 11 months old, and Richard Glossip was the dog
trainer. You can sure sick a dog on somebody, but if
you're going to do that and you send a dog that's not
trained or is a little bit too young, he might trip and fall,
he might get scared and run away, he might do some-
thing stupid, he might not do a good job. But no matter
how you slice it, no matter how you parse it, the person
Page Proof Pending Publication
that says `sick `em' is the person that makes the deci-
sion." Id., at 73.
The jury again convicted Glossip of capital murder and
again sentenced him to death.
A closely divided OCCA affrmed, holding that circumstan-
tial evidence suggesting Glossip had mismanaged the hotel,
combined with the concession that Glossip had been dishon-
est in his initial statements after the murder, suffciently cor-
roborated Sneed's testimony that he killed Van Treese at
Glossip's direction. Glossip II, 157 P. 3d, at 151 -- 153. In
dissent, Judge Chapel and Judge A. Johnson argued that the
majority "overstate[d] the strength of the accomplice corrob-
oration evidence." Id., at 164 -- 165, 175.
B
Glossip continued to maintain his innocence in the years
after his conviction, fling several habeas petitions in state
and federal court. Although that litigation did not result
in relief, mounting concerns over the integrity of Glossip's
 Cite as: (2025) 237

Opinion of the Court

conviction drew the attention of the Oklahoma Legislature.
A bipartisan group of 62 Oklahoma legislators retained a law
frm, Reed Smith, to conduct an independent investigation
into the case. Pet. for Cert. 12; App. to Pet. for Cert. 390a -- 
391a. In June 2022, Reed Smith reported its "grave doubt
as to the integrity of Glossip's murder conviction and death
sentence." Independent Investigation of State v. Richard E.
Glossip 6 (June 7, 2022). Among other things, Reed Smith
concluded the prosecution had deliberately destroyed "key
physical evidence" before Glossip's retrial, including several
items from the crime scene and the inn's receipts and deposit
books, which could have helped Glossip address the accusa-
tions of embezzlement. Id., at 7, 9, 34, 48. Reed
Smith further concluded that the State had "falsely por-
trayed Sneed at trial as a meek and non-violent `puppet,' "
id., at 10, and that key testimony about Glossip's motive and
actions on the morning after the murder had been provided
Page Proof Pending Publication
by a former police offcer of " `very limited honesty and in-
tegrity' " who was jailed for making false statements shortly
after Glossip's second trial, id., at 6 -- 12.
Two months after Reed Smith's report, the State disclosed
seven boxes of previously withheld documents from Glossip's
trials. Those boxes contained a note the head prosecutor,
Connie Smothermon, sent to Sneed's lawyer before Sneed
testifed at the second trial. Smothermon's note concerned
"a few items that have been testifed to that I needed to
discuss with Justin," including the "biggest problem," which
(the note said) was "still the knife." 3 App. 953. The exam-
iners' testimony about the knife was problematic, Smother-
mon's note explained, because "Justin [told] the police that
the knife fell out of his pocket and that he didn't stab the
victim with it," yet the victim had " `lacerations' " consistent
with the "knife blade." Ibid. It did not "make much sense"
to Smothermon, moreover, "that Justin could have control of
the bat and a knife" on his own. Ibid. "[W]e should get to
him this afternoon," the note concluded. Ibid.
238 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of the Court

The boxes further contained letters from Sneed to his at-
torney suggesting he had expressed a desire to recant his
testimony prior to Glossip's second trial. See id., at 811 -- 
816. For example, in a letter dated May 15, 2003, Sneed
wrote to his attorney asking " `do I have the choice of recant-
ing my testimony at any time during my life,' " and is " `there... anything you know, on [Glossip's] court date and about
re-canting.' " Id., at 815 (emphasis deleted); App. to Pet. for
Cert. in Glossip v. Oklahoma, No. 22 -- 6500, at 192a.2
Based on this new evidence and the evidence revealed by
Reed Smith, Glossip fled another motion for post-conviction
relief with the OCCA. Among other things, Glossip argued
that, during his second trial, Smothermon had interfered
with Sneed's testimony about the knife in violation of the
rule of sequestration, which prohibits witnesses from hear-
ing each other's testimony. 3 App. 785 -- 882. Oklahoma re-
sponded that Glossip's claims were meritless, but that it
Page Proof Pending Publication
would nonetheless waive any procedural defenses in order to
mitigate the damage from a "media campaign" on Glossip's
behalf. Id., at 717 -- 718. Oklahoma further asked the OCCA
to deny Glossip's claims on their merits so as "to trigger the
state court deference anticipated in [the Antiterrorism and
Effective Death Penalty Act]" in any future federal review.
Id., at 718,. Noting that it alone would "determine
whether the rules of this Court should be abandoned," the
OCCA held that Glossip's claims were procedurally barred
as well as meritless. Id., at 775 -- 783.

2
The dissent claims Sneed thought the phrase " `recan[t] my testimony' "
meant " `refuse to testify,' " post, at 272, meaning (on the dissent's
view) Sneed asked his lawyer: "If I [testify] again, do I have the choice of
[refusing to testify] at any time during my life?" The dissent further
points to an interview Sneed gave decades later, where (with Glossip's
execution imminent) he denied ever " `want[ing] to change the truth.' "
Post, at 271,. Of course, Sneed's much later denials do not erase his
prior statements about recanting.
 Cite as: (2025) 239

Opinion of the Court

Shortly thereafter, the State "unearthed disturbing reve-
lations about the contents of " an eighth box of trial docu-
ments "consisting of material it previously prevented the de-
fense from obtaining." Brief for Respondent 10. "Buried
inside Box 8," the State says, "was a page of notes handwrit-
ten by Smothermon during a pretrial interview with Sneed,"
indicating "that Sneed had told Smothermon that he was `on
lithium' not by mistake, but in connection with a `Dr. Trum-
pet.' " Ibid. Oklahoma's attorney general "deduced the
import of these notes in short order": Only a single psychia-
trist worked in the Oklahoma County jail when Sneed was
held there, and his name was Dr. Larry Trombka. Ibid.;
see also 3 App. 930. A summary of Sneed's medical records
(previously withheld from Glossip's counsel after motion
practice seeking their discovery) showed that Sneed had re-
ceived lithium to treat his undisclosed bipolar disorder.
Brief for Respondent 10; 3 App. 1005. After this discovery,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Dr. Trombka signed an affdavit attesting that he was the
only medical professional at the jail who would have pre-
scribed Sneed lithium. Id., at 1003.
The attorney general accordingly determined that Sneed
"was not in fact mis-prescribed lithium, but rather diagnosed
with bipolar disorder and treated with lithium under the care
of a psychiatrist" -- and "despite her knowledge of these
facts," Smothermon "elicited false testimony from Sneed" on
that subject. Brief for Respondent 11.3

3
Also included in Box 8 were prosecutors' witness interview notes sug-
gesting the State may have omitted certain details from the summaries it
turned over to the defense. For example, one witness apparently told the
prosecution that Glossip had sold him a big screen TV and a couch for
$900, 3 App. 952 -- a sum that would account for much of the cash Glossip
had on his person at his arrest. That same witness testifed at trial that
he did not know how much money Glossip had received for those sales. 1
id., at 286. Glossip's girlfriend later explained in a post-trial affdavit that
Glossip had been selling their possessions to pay for an attorney. 2 id.,
at 706.
240 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of the Court

The attorney general thereafter disclosed Box 8 to Glossip
and retained an independent counsel to conduct another re-
view of Glossip's conviction. As relevant here, the inde-
pendent counsel concluded that Smothermon's attempt to in-
terfere with Sneed's testimony about the knife violated the
rule of sequestration, that her failure to turn over Sneed's
statements about his mental health treatment violated
Brady v. Maryland, (1963), and that her failure
to correct Sneed's false trial testimony that he had been
given lithium after asking for cold medicine violated Napue,. App. to Pet. for Cert. 50a, 58a. His report
concluded:
"[T]he State must vacate Glossip's conviction due to its
decades-long failure to disclose what I believe is Brady
material, correct what I believe was false trial testi-
mony of its star witness, and what I believe was a viola-
tion of the Court ordered Rule of Sequestration of wit-
Page Proof Pending Publication
nesses.... In my view, this case is also permeated by
failures to secure, safeguard and maintain evidence in a
capital murder case." Id., at 62a.
Following the Box 8 disclosure and the independent coun-
sel's recommendation, Glossip fled a successive petition for
post-conviction relief with the OCCA asserting Brady,
Napue, cumulative error, and actual innocence claims.4 The
attorney general fled a "Response in Support of Petitioner's
Successive Application for Post-Conviction Relief." 3 App.
973. Although the attorney general did not endorse Gloss-
ip's actual innocence claim, he represented that his offce had
"concluded that Justin Sneed... made material misstate-
ments to the jury regarding his psychiatric treatment and

4
The dissent faults Glossip for "ignor[ing] the lithium issue on direct
appeal" years earlier. Post, at 269. Glossip had no reason to know at
the time of his direct appeal that Smothermon knowingly failed to correct
Sneed's false testimony about why he had been given lithium, however, so
he would have had no occasion to raise his Napue or Brady claims then.
 Cite as: (2025) 241

Opinion of the Court

the reasons for his lithium prescription," which the State
had failed to correct in violation of Napue. 3 App. 974. In
addition, the State indicated it was "concerned that there
were multiple and cumulative errors, such as violation of the
rule of sequestration and destruction of evidence, that when
taken together with Sneed's misstatements warrant" a new
trial. Ibid.; see also id., at 977 ("[T]he State believes
Glossip is entitled to post-conviction relief "); id., at 978
(State is "compelled, consistent with Napue," to correct mis-
statements); id., at 979 ("[T]he State requests that the Court
vacate Glossip's conviction and that the case be remanded to
the district court"). Because Oklahoma agreed with Glossip
on the pertinent facts, it did not request an evidentiary
hearing.
The OCCA denied Glossip's unopposed petition without a
hearing. It acknowledged the attorney general's request
that Glossip's conviction be vacated, noting that this conces-
sion alone could not "directly" provide a ground for relief.
Page Proof Pending Publication
529 P. 3d, at 223. The court said the following about the
State's confession of Napue error:
"Glossip claims that the State failed to disclose evidence
of Justin Sneed's mental health treatment and that
Sneed lied about his mental health treatment to the jury.
Though the State in its response now concedes that this
alleged false testimony combined with other unspecifed
cumulative errors warrant postconviction relief, the con-
cession alone cannot overcome the limitations on succes-
sive post-conviction review. See 22 O.S. Supp. 2022,
(8). The State's concession is not based in law
or fact." 529 P. 3d, at 226 (footnote omitted).

The OCCA then applied Oklahoma's Post-Conviction Proce-
dures Act (PCPA) to hold that Glossip's claims were proce-
durally barred. It concluded separately that the evidence
presented by the parties did not "create a Napue error."
Ibid. (footnote omitted).
242 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of the Court

This Court thereafter stayed Glossip's execution at the
joint request of the parties and granted certiorari to consider
Glossip's Brady and Napue claims and the effect of the attor-
ney general's confession of error.5 (2024).
The Court also requested argument on an additional ques-
tion: whether the OCCA's holding that the PCPA precluded
post-conviction relief is an adequate and independent state-
law ground for the judgment.
Because Oklahoma agrees with Glossip on the merits of
his appeal, the Court appointed Christopher Michel as ami-
cus curiae to defend the judgment below. 
(2024). He has ably discharged his responsibilities.

II
A
We begin with this Court's jurisdiction to review the
Page Proof Pending Publication
OCCA's judgment. " `This Court will not take up a question
of federal law presented in a case "if the decision of [the
state] court rests on a state law ground that is independent
of the federal question and adequate to support the judg-
ment." ' " Cruz v. Arizona, (2023) ). "In the context of
direct review of a state court judgment, the independent and
adequate state ground doctrine is jurisdictional." Coleman
v. Thompson, (1991). A state ground of
decision is independent only when it does not depend on a
federal holding, Foster v. Chatman, (2016),
and also is not intertwined with questions of federal law,
Michigan v. Long, -- 1041 (1983).
"[W]hen the adequacy and independence of any possible
state law ground is not clear from the face of the opinion, we
will accept as the most reasonable explanation that the state

5
Because the Court grants relief under Napue, the Court need not reach
the merits of Glossip's Brady claim.
 Cite as: (2025) 243

Opinion of the Court

court decided the case the way it did because it believed that
federal law required it to do so." Ibid.
Amicus argues this Court lacks jurisdiction because the
OCCA held that Glossip's claims were barred under the
PCPA, and the PCPA is "a paradigmatic independent and
adequate state-law ground." Brief for Court-Appointed
Amicus Curiae 13. That argument fails because it over-
looks an antecedent holding that turned on federal law. The
OCCA frst rejected the attorney general's confession of
Napue error, deeming it meritless and therefore incapable of
"overcom[ing]" application of the PCPA. 529 P. 3d, at 226.
Only then did it apply the PCPA to Glossip. Because the
OCCA's decision to reject the attorney general's confession
of error rested exclusively on federal law, so too did its sub-
sequent decision to apply the PCPA.
In his brief to the OCCA, the attorney general disclaimed
reliance on any procedural defenses, including the PCPA.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Instead, the attorney general "concede[d] error under
Napue," 3 App. 978, acknowledging that, as a matter of fed-
eral law, the prosecution's knowing failure to correct Sneed's
"material misstatements" entitled Glossip to a new trial.
Id., at 977, 978, 979. The OCCA held that this confession of
Napue error could not "overcome the [PCPA's] limitations on
successive post-conviction review" because it was "not based
in law or fact." 529 P. 3d, at 226. Specifcally, the OCCA
concluded that the underlying evidence "d[id] not create a
Napue error." Ibid. (footnote omitted). Thus, the OCCA's
application of the PCPA over the attorney general's confes-
sion of error depended on its determination that no Napue
violation had occurred. That was a federal holding, and it
was the only reason the OCCA provided for its conclusion
that the attorney general's confession could not "overcome"
the PCPA. 529 P. 3d, at 226. The PCPA therefore poses
no impediment to our review in this case.
Oklahoma precedent involving confessions of error by an
attorney general confrms this reading. As the OCCA has
244 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of the Court

repeatedly explained, it will normally reject an attorney
general's confession of error only after fnding that it lacks a
basis in the law and in the record. See, e. g., Bindrum v.
State, 27 Okla. Crim. 372, 228 P. 168 (1924) ("Where the At-
torney General confesses error, th[e] court will examine the
record, and, if the confession is sustained thereby, and is well
founded in law, the conviction will be reversed" (syllabus by
the court)).6 Otherwise, if the confession of error is sup-
ported by the law and the record, the OCCA will reverse
the underlying conviction and remand for a new trial.7 Ibid.
The OCCA applied that same rule here: It rejected the attor-
ney general's confession of error as having no basis "in law
or fact," and explained that it would therefore apply the
PCPA. 529 P. 3d, at 226.
In doing so, the OCCA "made application of the procedural
bar depend on an antecedent ruling on federal law, that is,
on the determination of whether federal constitutional error
ha[d] been committed." Ake v. Oklahoma, 
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1985). After all, it made application of the PCPA contin-

6
See also Raymer v. State, 27 Okla. Crim. 398, 228 P. 500 (1924) ("Where
the Attorney General confesses error, th[e] court will examine the record,
and, if the confession is sustained thereby and is well founded in law, the
conviction will be reversed" (syllabus by the court)); Dorsett v. State, 16
Okla. Crim. 65, 69, 180 P. 557, 558 (1919) (reversing conviction because
"the confession of error [of the attorney general] is well founded" in law);
Whittemore v. State, 26 Okla. Crim. 338, 223 P. 890 (1924) (per curiam)
(same); Day v. State, 352 P. 2d 935 (OCCA 1960) ("Where the Attorney
General confesses error, Court of Criminal Appeals will examine the rec-
ord, and, if confession is sustained thereby, and is well founded in law,
conviction will be reversed" (syllabus by the court)); Casey v. State, 440
P. 2d 208, 209 (OCCA 1968) ("When the Attorney General confesses error,
this Court will carefully examine the record for fundamental error"); Mc-
Connell v. State, 485 P. 2d 764, 765 (OCCA 1971) (similar); One Ford Tour-
ing Car v. State, 100 Okla. 267, 268, 229 P. 231, 232 (1924) (establishing
identical rule in civil forfeiture context).
7
The PCPA would not stand in the way of a reversal under this rule
because it is not a jurisdictional bar. See Valdez v. State, 2002 OK CR
20, ¶¶24 -- 28, 46 P. 3d 703, 710.
 Cite as: (2025) 245

Opinion of the Court

gent on its determination that the attorney general's confes-
sion of federal constitutional error had no basis in law or
fact. To the extent that the OCCA's reasoning on this point
is insuffciently "clear from the face of the opinion," we none-
theless presume reliance on federal law under Michigan v.
Long, 463 U. S., at 1040 -- 1041. This Court therefore has ju-
risdiction to review the judgment below.

B
The dissent dismisses all this as an "invent[ed]... federal
holding that the OCCA never made." Post, at 279. As the
dissent sees it, the OCCA rejected the attorney general's
confession of error because (the dissent says) the State failed
adequately to address all of the PCPA's procedural require-
ments. See post, at 280. The OCCA plainly held that the
attorney general's confession was "not based in law or fact,"
529 P. 3d, at 226, however, forcing the dissent to provide
Page Proof Pending Publication
an awkward explanation that this holding about a federal
confession of error on the merits was only about the PCPA's
state-law, procedural requirements. Post, at 280. Yet the
State expressly attempted to waive those procedural re-
quirements by arguing that Glossip was entitled to a new
trial. 3 App. 979 ("[T]he State requests that the Court va-
cate Glossip's conviction and that the case be remanded to
the district court"). So to explain away the "based in law
or fact" language, the dissent must proceed on the assump-
tion that Oklahoma law requires applicants to satisfy the
PCPA's nonjurisdictional provisions even when the State
waives them and even if the State's confession of constitu-
tional error is otherwise meritorious -- notwithstanding the
many other contexts where the OCCA privileges meritorious
confessions of error. See, supra (collecting cases); App.
to Brief for National Association of Criminal Defense Law-
yers as Amicus Curiae 1a -- 21a (cataloging the OCCA's deci-
sions in the 298 confession-of-error cases predating Glossip's,
all of which resulted in relief).
246 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of the Court

That assumption is hardly "clear from the face of the opin-
ion" below. Long, 463 U. S., at 1041. Thus, we must "ac-
cept as the most reasonable explanation that the state court
decided the case the way it did because it believed that fed-
eral law required it to do so." Ibid.

III
A
Turning to the merits, we conclude that the prosecution
violated its constitutional obligation to correct false
testimony.
In Napue v. Illinois, this Court held that a conviction
knowingly "obtained through use of false evidence" violates
the Fourteenth Amendment's Due Process Clause. 360
U. S., at 269. To establish a Napue violation, a defendant
must show that the prosecution knowingly solicited false tes-
timony or knowingly allowed it "to go uncorrected when it
Page Proof Pending Publication
appear[ed]." Ibid. If the defendant makes that showing, a
new trial is warranted so long as the false testimony "may
have had an effect on the outcome of the trial," id., at 272 -- 
that is, if it " `in any reasonable likelihood [could] have af-
fected the judgment of the jury,' " Giglio v. United States,
(1972).
In effect, this materiality standard requires " ` "the benef-
ciary of [the] constitutional error to prove beyond a reason-
able doubt that the error complained of did not contribute to
the verdict obtained." ' " United States v. Bagley, (1985) ).
Here, Oklahoma's attorney general joins Glossip in assert-
ing a Napue error, conceding both that Sneed's testimony
was false and that the prosecution knowingly failed to cor-
rect it. The record supports that confession of error. A
summary of Sneed's medical records created by the local
sheriff 's department establishes that someone diagnosed
Sneed with bipolar disorder and prescribed him lithium. 3
 Cite as: (2025) 247

Opinion of the Court

App. 1005. Dr. Trombka, a psychiatrist, attested in a sworn
affdavit that he was the only medical professional at the
Oklahoma County jail who would have issued Sneed that pre-
scription. Id., at 930 -- 931. Dr. Trombka also confrmed,
and nobody contests, that lithium is used only in psychiatric
treatments and not for dental pain (as Sneed said at a pre-
trial hearing) or a cold (as Sneed testifed at Glossip's trial).
Ibid. Nor would anyone confuse lithium with Sudafed,
which is a cold medication. Ibid. Sneed's trial testimony
that he had been given lithium after asking for Sudafed and
had "never seen no psychiatrist or anything" was therefore
false.
The evidence likewise establishes that the prosecution
knew Sneed's statements were false as he testifed to them.
The prosecution almost certainly had access to Sneed's medi-
cal fle, which would have listed both the lithium prescription
and the bipolar diagnosis. Among other things, those rec-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ords would have been provided to the State as part of
Sneed's competency evaluation, id., at 931, and the State op-
posed Glossip's discovery request of Sneed's medical fles on
its merits, 2 id., at 622 -- 623; 3 id., at 933. As amicus and
the dissent emphasize, moreover, "[l]ithium is prescribed
only for mood disorders." Brief for Court-Appointed Ami-
cus Curiae 14; post, at 268 ("It is undisputed that lithium's
sole medical purpose, both in 1997 and today, is to treat bipo-
lar disorder and other mental health disorders"). Yet the
prosecution knew that Sneed had previously told a compe-
tency evaluator that he had been prescribed lithium "after
his tooth was pulled," 2 App. 700; that statement was part
of a competency record to which both the State and Glossip
had access, id., at 698 -- 703. Prosecutors then heard Sneed
testify to a different version of events at trial: that the lith-
ium had been given to him after he asked for Sudafed be-
cause he had a cold. 1 id., at 312.
In addition, Smothermon's notes show that she had a pre-
trial conversation with Sneed at which he mentioned "lith-
248 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of the Court

ium" and "Dr. Trumpet." 3 id., at 927. Glossip argues, and
the attorney general admits, that this shows Sneed told
Smothermon that Dr. Trumpet (meaning Dr. Trombka) had
prescribed him lithium. As just discussed, the record shows
that, in fact, Dr. Trombka did diagnose Sneed with bipolar
disorder and prescribe him lithium. Sneed plainly discussed
these matters with the prosecution. In that private conver-
sation, he would have had little to gain from prevaricating
about his prescriptions, nor do the notes suggest he did any-
thing of the kind. The straightforward inference is that
Sneed told Smothermon that Dr. Trombka had prescribed
him the lithium.8
That leaves materiality. Evidence can be material even if
it "goes only to the credibility of the witness," Napue, 360
U. S., at 269; indeed, "[t]he jury's estimate of the truthfulness
and reliability of a given witness may well be determinative
of guilt or innocence," ibid. Because Sneed's testimony was
the only direct evidence of Glossip's guilt of capital murder,
Page Proof Pending Publication
the jury's assessment of Sneed's credibility was necessarily
determinative here. Besides Sneed, no other witness and
no physical evidence established that Glossip orchestrated
Van Treese's murder. Thus, the jury could convict Glossip
only if it believed Sneed.
Had the prosecution corrected Sneed on the stand, his
credibility plainly would have suffered. That correction
would have revealed to the jury not just that Sneed was
untrustworthy (as amicus points out, the jury already knew
he repeatedly lied to the police), but also that Sneed was
8
The dissent claims Sneed instead repeated his prior false statement
that he had been given the lithium after having his tooth pulled. See
post, at 273, 274, 286, 302 -- 303. Yet the dissent's only source for
this theory, Smothermon's co-counsel Gary Ackley, acknowledged under
oath that he knew lithium was not a pain medication, 3 App. 940, meaning
he would have known this story, too, to be wrong. In any event, even if
the prosecution did believe Sneed had been given lithium for a toothache,
that still would have put them on notice that Sneed's testimony at trial
(about receiving lithium after asking for cold medication) was false.
 Cite as: (2025) 249

Opinion of the Court

willing to lie to them under oath. Such a revelation would
be signifcant in any case, and was especially so here where
Sneed was already "nobody's idea of a strong witness."
Brief for Court-Appointed Amicus Curiae 37. Even if
Sneed's bipolar disorder were wholly irrelevant, as amicus
argues, his willingness to lie about it to the jury was not.
" `A lie is a lie, no matter what its subject.' " Napue, 360
U. S., at 269 -- 270 ).
Sneed's false testimony also bore on Glossip's guilt in a
more direct way. As Smothermon's co-counsel Gary Ackley
has conceded, it "would have been an important fact for the
defense to know" that Sneed had been prescribed lithium to
treat bipolar disorder. 3 App. 940. After the Box 8 disclo-
sures, Dr. Trombka explained to Glossip's counsel that bipo-
lar disorder symptoms "can be exacerbated by illicit drug
use, such as methamphetamine," to "cause an individual to be
Page Proof Pending Publication
more paranoid or potentially violent." Id., at 932. Sneed
admitted at trial that he regularly used drugs, including
methamphetamine. His diagnosis with a disorder that could
trigger impulsive violence when combined with drug use
thus would have undermined the prosecution's theory that
Sneed was harmless on his own -- a Rottweiler puppy be-
holden to his trainer. 15 Tr. 73 (June 1, 2004). That theory
was an important part of the prosecution's case and featured
prominently in its opening and closing statements. See, e.g.,
3 Tr. 209 (May 13, 2004) (arguing in opening that Sneed was
"pretty content... to do whatever it is that Richard Glossip
wanted him to do"); 15 Tr. 69 -- 74 (June 1, 2004) (emphasizing
in closing that Sneed would have never committed murder
without Glossip). Hence there is a reasonable likelihood
that correcting Sneed's testimony would have affected the
judgment of the jury. Napue, 360 U. S., at 271.
Amicus objects that "the jury already knew that Sneed
had been prescribed lithium, used illegal drugs, and behaved
impulsively; he admitted that he beat a man to death with a
250 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of the Court

baseball bat in the middle of the night with no advanced
planning." Brief for Court-Appointed Amicus Curiae 36.
As amicus sees it, the additional evidence provided by
Sneed's lie and his treatment for bipolar disorder could
hardly have made a difference in light of so much other im-
peaching evidence. Id., at 36 -- 37. Of course, at trial, the
prosecution urged the jury to believe just the opposite: that
despite his prior dishonesty and violence, Sneed was now
telling the truth. See, e. g., 15 Tr. 153 -- 155 (June 1, 2004).
A prosecutor's midtrial revelation that Sneed lied on the
stand would have signifcantly undercut that argument.
In any event, amicus's position is self-defeating. If the
evidence impeaching Sneed's credibility was already over-
whelming, then no reasonable jury could have convicted
Glossip in the frst place, given that the prosecution's case
rested centrally on Sneed's credibility. Amicus appears to
assume the jury would have believed Sneed no matter what.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Such an assumption has no place in a materiality analysis,
which asks what a reasonable decisionmaker would have
done with the new evidence. See Wearry v. Cain, -- 394 (2016) (per curiam) (rejecting argument that
evidence was immaterial because witness's credibility was
"already impugned"); cf. Strickland v. Washington, (1984).
Although the prosecution's failure to correct Sneed's false
testimony was a material Napue violation on its own, addi-
tional conduct by the prosecution further undermines conf-
dence in the verdict. The attorney general has confessed
to " `violation of the rule of sequestration' " with respect to
Smothermon's apparent midtrial attempt to speak with
Sneed about the knife, as well as to " `destruction of evi-
dence,' " including the hotel's fnancial records and items
Glossip and Sneed allegedly handled in Van Treese's room.
See Brief for Respondent 13; 3 App. 935 (prosecutor Ackley
attesting under oath that "I was informed that a box of evi-
dence containing 10 items was destroyed by the Oklahoma
 Cite as: (2025) 251

Opinion of the Court

City Police Department.... It is likely that I was aware of
that fact during the 2004 retrial.... That this happened
horrifes me"); Independent Investigation of State v. Richard
E. Glossip, at 7, 12 -- 13, 41 -- 43 (cataloging destroyed items).
In addition, the eight boxes of documents released to Glossip
included statements from Sneed evincing a desire to recant
his testimony and witness notes with details not previously
turned over to the defense. For example, the fles suggest
one witness told the prosecution (contrary to his trial testi-
mony) that Glossip sold him a couch and a TV for $900. 3
App. 952. That evidence would have supported Glossip's ac-
count of the cash he carried at his arrest outside an attor-
ney's offce: that he had sold his possessions to pay for an
attorney. See 2 id., at 706. Because prejudice analysis re-
quires a "cumulative evaluation" of all the evidence, whether
or not that evidence is before the Court in the form of an
independent claim for relief, these documents reinforce our
conclusion that the Napue error here prejudiced the defense.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Kyles v. Whitley, (1995).9

9
The dissent's attempts to minimize these issues are unpersuasive.
Sneed's letter inquiring about " `the choice of recanting my testimony,' " 3
App. 815, disproves the dissent's assertion that "there is no evidence that
Sneed wished to `recant' his testimony." Post, at 293. That Glossip re-
called receiving only $490 for his possessions during his frst trial does
not absolve the prosecution from its ordinary duty to disclose inconsistent
statements by its witnesses. Contra, ibid. The State's conceded seques-
tration violation also is not merely an insignifcant state-law issue, post,
at 292; like any other attorney, a prosecutor may not seek to infuence the
content of a witness's testimony. See, e. g., Geders v. United States, (1976) ("An attorney must respect the important ethical
distinction between discussing testimony and seeking improperly to in-
fuence it"). The dissent labors to discredit certain "handwritten notes"
on which neither Glossip nor this Court relies, see post, at 293, but
Smothermon undisputedly wrote to Sneed's counsel that she needed to
"get to" him "to discuss" his problematic testimony about the knife. 3
App. 953. The next day, Sneed's testimony corrected the very problem
raised by Smothermon's letter. Smothermon nonetheless disclaimed any
knowledge of Sneed's change in testimony when Glossip objected. 12 Tr.
252 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of the Court

For these reasons, we conclude that the prosecution's fail-
ure to correct Sneed's trial testimony violated the Due Proc-
ess Clause. Glossip is entitled to a new trial.

B
The OCCA's contrary holding rested on a mistaken inter-
pretation of Napue. According to the OCCA, there was no
violation because the defense "was aware or should have
been aware that Sneed was taking lithium at the time of
trial," and the prosecution could not have "knowingly con-
cealed" something the defense already knew. 529 P. 3d, at
226. As an initial matter, Sneed's false testimony concerned
the reasons for his lithium prescription, not the mere fact
that he had taken it. Glossip's counsel was aware of the
latter, not of the former. In any event, the Due Process
Clause imposes " `the responsibility and duty to correct' "
false testimony on "representatives of the State," not on de-
fense counsel. Napue, 360 U. S., at 269 -- 270.
The OCCA also held that Sneed's testimony was not
"clearly false" because Sneed was "more than likely in denial
of his mental health disorders." 529 P. 3d, at 226, 227. It
is not apparent why the OCCA thought Sneed was in denial,
nor why such denial should have caused Sneed to believe
that he had never seen a psychiatrist, when in fact he had.
Even supposing it did, however, Sneed's beliefs are beside
the point. What matters is that his testimony was false and
a prosecutor knowingly let it stand nonetheless. Napue, 360
U. S., at 269 ("[I]t is established that a conviction obtained
through use of false evidence, known to be such by repre-
sentatives of the State, must fall under the Fourteenth
Amendment").

107 -- 108 (May 26, 2004). Finally, not even the original prosecutors dispute
that the police destroyed key evidence before Glossip's retrial; the dissent
nonetheless dismisses that claim, undisputed for over two decades, as this
Court's "own creation." Post, at 292 -- 293.
 Cite as: (2025) 253

Opinion of the Court

The dissent's arguments in support of the OCCA's conclu-
sions fare no better. As an initial matter, even the dissent
does not dispute that Sneed falsely testifed he had never
seen a psychiatrist. See post, at 290 (suggesting Sneed
"misremembered" that a psychiatrist prescribed him lithium
to treat bipolar disorder). The dissent does maintain that
other aspects of Sneed's statement were true, noting that
because Sneed was in denial about his diagnosis, his "state-
ment about his own knowledge was not false." Post, at 291.
Sneed's statement that he asked for "Sudafed" to treat "a
cold" and was given lithium instead, 12 Tr. 64 (May 26, 2004),
was not, however, a statement "about his own knowledge."
Even if Sneed himself did not believe that he suffered from
bipolar disorder, moreover, that would not render true his
assertion that he had no idea why his doctor thought he
needed lithium.
The dissent next claims that the false testimony must itself
have directly affected the trial's outcome to be material
Page Proof Pending Publication
under Napue. Post, at 288 ("[T]he relevant inquiry under
Napue is whether the content of the false testimony at issue
is material"). As Napue made clear, however, " `[a] lie is a
lie, no matter what its subject.' " 360 U. S., at 269 -- 270. Nothing in Napue requires ignoring the fact of
Sneed's perjury in the prejudice analysis. To the contrary,
materiality instead always requires courts to assess whether
"the error complained of " could have contributed to the ver-
dict. Chapman, 386 U. S., at 24; Bagley, 473 U. S., at 680,. Here, the prosecutor's failure to correct Sneed's false
testimony is the relevant error, so the Court asks whether a
correction could have made a material difference. The an-
swer is clearly yes. See supra, at 247 -- 252.10
10
The dissent also argues Sneed's lithium use was immaterial because
"the defense chose not to turn" it "into an impeachment issue," post, at 288,
but each premise in that argument is mistaken. First, the defense did not
choose "not to raise Sneed's mental condition," post, at 287; they asked him
254 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of the Court

The remaining arguments offered in defense of the OCCA's
position are likewise unpersuasive. In an amicus brief, the
Van Treese family argues that it was Glossip's counsel who
asked Sneed about his lithium prescription, and that Smoth-
ermon's notes reveal only that Sneed relayed those questions
to Smothermon. See Brief for Victim Family Members as
Amici Curiae 7 -- 22. That argument relies heavily on extra-
record materials not properly before the Court, including a
recent unsworn statement from Smothermon adopting the
family's interpretation of the notes. (The dissent, which
criticizes the independent counsel for "impugning" the trial
prosecutors' reputation, post, at 276, justifes its reliance on
these materials by accusing the Oklahoma attorney general
of "collusively exclud[ing]" them from the record, see post,
at 303.) Nor would accepting the family's account change
the Napue analysis. Whatever the impetus for the conver-
sation, the family agrees that Sneed and Smothermon dis-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cussed Dr. Trombka and lithium. The natural inference is
that Sneed explained to Smothermon the circumstances that
led to his lithium use. To avoid that inference, the family in
turn suggests both that Sneed was never diagnosed with bi-
polar disorder in the frst place, Brief for Victim Family
Members as Amici Curiae 17, and that Glossip's counsel
"knew about [Dr. Trombka] more than two decades ago," id.,
at 21. Yet for the reasons previously explained, defense
counsel's purported knowledge of Dr. Trombka's existence is
irrelevant, and the prison medical record supports the attor-

about it in cross-examination and Sneed repeated his false testimony. See
13 Tr. 15 (May 27, 2004). Second, the defense did not know during trial
that Sneed had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder; to the contrary,
Glossip later sought (and the State successfully opposed) discovery on that
issue. 2 App. 621 -- 622. Third, even if the defense had made a conscious
choice not to raise the (then-uncertain) reasons for Sneed's lithium use,
that would be irrelevant to the prosecution's duty to correct false testi-
mony "when it appears." Napue, 360 U. S., at 269.
 Cite as: (2025) 255

Opinion of the Court

ney general's concession that Sneed received a lithium pre-
scription as treatment for his bipolar disorder.
The family also maintains (and the dissent agrees) that
Reed Smith and the independent counsel spent insuffcient
time interviewing Smothermon. Neither the family nor
Smothermon raised that objection before the OCCA, nor
does anyone now explain its relevance to the Napue analy-
sis. The argument is also unpersuasive on its own terms.
Both investigators spoke to Smothermon. When they did,
Smothermon did not provide the account she now endorses:
that Sneed relayed to her a conversation with Glossip's coun-
sel about Dr. Trombka and lithium. Instead, during a third
interview, Smothermon asked the independent counsel "why
he thought it was Dr Trombka and not Dr Trumpet the jazz
musician and I was making a personal note or something
else." App. to Brief for Victim Family Members as Amici
Curiae 31a. There is no compelling evidence that a fourth
Page Proof Pending Publication
or ffth consultation with Smothermon would have yielded
materially different results.
The Court-appointed amicus, for his part, largely aban-
dons the OCCA's reasoning and focuses instead on ambigu-
ities in Smothermon's notes. Amicus maintains that too
many inferential steps separate those notes from the conclu-
sion that Sneed lied on the stand and that Smothermon knew
it. For example, amicus argues that "the parties do not ex-
plain the basis for their asserted link between `Dr. Trumpet?'
and Trombka," reiterating Smothermon's earlier statements
that she " `is not convinced that Dr. Trombka and "Dr. Trum-
pet" are the same person.' " Brief for Court-Appointed
Amicus Curiae 32. As already explained, however, there is
ample evidence in the record before this Court supporting
the inference that Smothermon knew about Sneed's psychiat-
ric treatment and lithium prescription, including the prison
medical record, Dr. Trombka's attestations, and Smother-
mon's own notes.
256 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of the Court

Because ample evidence supports the attorney general's
confession of error in this Court, there also is no need to
remand for further evidentiary proceedings at the OCCA.
Indeed, that such proceedings are not necessary is the one
point on which Glossip, Oklahoma, amicus, and the OCCA
unanimously agree. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 108 (amicus con-
ceding that "I guess we all agree that [an evidentiary hear-
ing is] not... that it's not necessary"). The partial concur-
rence suggests this Court should nonetheless remand for
further proceedings on the ground that the evidence does not
remove all doubt that the attorney general's view of the rec-
ord is correct. Post, at 262 (Barrett, J., concurring in part
and dissenting in part). Yet for the reasons already ex-
plained, the record establishes a violation of Napue. See
supra, at 246 -- 252. This Court has not required an eviden-
tiary record free of doubt to fnd a Napue violation in any
case, much less when an attorney general confesses that his
own offce erroneously obtained a capital conviction.11
Page Proof Pending Publication
C
Finally, the dissent maintains this Court lacks the author-
ity to remand for a new trial, but its analysis proves the
contrary. The dissent emphasizes that " `[o]ur only power
over state judgments is to correct them to the extent that
they incorrectly adjudge federal rights.' " Post, at 294 (quot-
ing Herb v. Pitcairn, -- 126 (1945)). It further
11
The dissent would order a hearing to provide "the Van Treese family
[with] the opportunity to present its case." Post, at 303 (opinion of
Thomas, J.). The family has not requested an evidentiary hearing (or
participation in one) at any stage before the OCCA and does not request
that relief before this Court. Nor has the OCCA ever extended Oklaho-
ma victims' right to participate in criminal proceedings to state post-
conviction hearings. Cf. post, at 303 -- 304. The request to do so here is
the dissent's alone. In any event, this Court does not "cast aside the
family's interests," on procedural or any other grounds. Post, at 304.
For the reasons already explained, considering the evidence submitted by
the family would not change the outcome. See supra, at 255.
 Cite as: (2025) 257

Opinion of the Court

agrees that, where a state court relies on a procedural rule
whose application turns on "whether federal constitutional
error has been committed," Ake, 470 U. S., at 75, this Court
may remand for a new trial if it "ha[s] confdence that no
other state ground could support the decision below," post,
at 300. Those principles describe this case.
As explained above, the OCCA "incorrectly adjudge[d]"
Glossip's "federal rights." Herb, 324 U. S., at 126. In doing
so, it relied on a procedural rule whose application turned on
the merits of a federal claim: " `Where the Attorney General
confesses error, [the OCCA] will examine the record, and, if
the confession is sustained thereby, and is well founded in
law, the conviction will be reversed.' " See supra, at 244. Here, the attorney general "con-
cede[d] error under Napue," 3 App. 978, and the OCCA re-
jected that confession because it wrongly concluded that no
Page Proof Pending Publication
such federal error had occurred. See supra, at 244. Be-
cause the Napue confession was "well founded in law," it fol-
lows that "the conviction will be reversed." Bindrum, 27
Okla. Crim., at 372, 228 P., at 168. Accordingly, all that re-
mains below is to vacate the conviction, and a new trial fol-
lows a fortiori.
The dissent concludes otherwise because, in its view, a re-
mand for further consideration of alternative state grounds
is mandatory in every case where Michigan v. Long resolves
lingering doubt over the Court's jurisdiction. Post, at 295 -- 
296. Long describes the circumstances under which this
Court has jurisdiction to review a state-court judgment; it
does not limit the Court's remedial authority over an estab-
lished federal constitutional violation. Nor does any other
precedent support the dissent's rule. That state courts who
"grant relief to criminal defendants" under an erroneous in-
terpretation of federal law may later grant relief "as a mat-
ter of [more protective] state law," Kansas v. Carr, (2016) (Sotomayor, J., dissenting), plainly does not
258 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of Barrett, J.

deprive this Court of the authority to grant relief where it
fnds a federal violation, contra, post, at 295 -- 296; cf. Arizona
v. Evans, (1995) ("Under [Michigan v. Long] state
courts are absolutely free to interpret state constitutional
provisions to accord greater protection to individual rights
than do similar provisions of the United States Constitution").
The dissent inverts this precedent, asserting that state
courts should always have another opportunity to identify
additional grounds for denying relief, even where this Court
has found a federal constitutional violation. Yet there is no
reason to allow state courts a second (or third, or fourth) bite
at the apple to identify alternative state grounds for their
decision in every case involving a dependent ground. The
facts as conceded by the attorney general and supported by
the record establish a violation of Napue. A new trial is the
remedy for a Napue violation. See Giglio, 405 U. S., at 155.
Here, this Court has jurisdiction and a Napue violation oc-
curred. Thus, Glossip is entitled to a new trial. See Ake,
Page Proof Pending Publication
470 U. S., at 86 -- 87 (vacating conviction and remanding case
to the OCCA under similar circumstances).

* * *
The judgment of the Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals
is reversed, and the case is remanded for further proceedings
not inconsistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Gorsuch took no part in the consideration or de-
cision of this case.
Justice Barrett, concurring in part and dissenting in
part.
While I agree with much of the Court's analysis, I would
not order the Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals (OCCA)
to set aside Richard Glossip's conviction. The OCCA did
not make factual fndings on the most important questions,
 Cite as: (2025) 259

Opinion of Barrett, J.

and the record is open to multiple plausible interpreta-
tions. Consistent with our ordinary practice, the Court
should have corrected the OCCA's misstatement of Napue v.
Illinois and remanded this case for further proceedings.
(1959). Instead, the Court has drawn its own
conclusions about what the record shows, thereby exceeding
its role.
I begin with the common ground. At the threshold, I
agree with the Court's jurisdictional holding and therefore
join Part II of its opinion. We lack jurisdiction to review a
state court's adjudication of federal claims if the state court's
decision "rests on a state law ground that is independent of
the federal question and adequate to support the judgment."
Coleman v. Thompson, (1991). But when
a state-law ground of decision is intertwined with analysis
of a federal question, we will treat the decision as independ-
ent only if the state court "make[s] clear by a plain state-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment" that its resolution of the state-law question does not
depend on its resolution of the federal question. Michigan
v. Long, (1983). Though it is a closer
question for me than it is for the Court, I agree that the
OCCA's opinion does not clear this bar. True, the OCCA
rejected Glossip's application based on state-law procedural
limits on postconviction relief. But the opinion can be read
to say that the OCCA refused to accept the attorney gener-
al's waiver of this procedural bar because his confession of
error was not "based in law." 2023 OK CR 5, ¶25, 529 P. 3d
218, 226. If that is what the OCCA meant, then its reliance
on state law depended on the merits of Glossip's federal
claims. After all, if the trial contained federal constitutional
error, then the attorney general's confession of error may
have been "based in law." Because the opinion lacks a
"plain statement" clarifying that the OCCA's reliance on
state law was truly independent of its assessment of Gloss-
ip's federal claims, the Court rightly proceeds to the merits.
Michigan, 463 U. S., at 1041.
260 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Opinion of Barrett, J.

I also share the Court's view that the OCCA misapplied
Napue. The OCCA appeared to think that Justin Sneed's
testimony "was not clearly false" because he "was more than
likely in denial of his mental health disorders." 529 P. 3d,
at 227. But for purposes of Napue, the question is not
whether a witness subjectively thought he was lying -- it is
whether the prosecution knowingly presented untrue testi-
mony. The OCCA also stated that Sneed's "known mental
health treatment evidence" would not have created a "rea-
sonable probability that the result of the proceeding would
have been different had Sneed's testimony regarding his use
of lithium been further developed at trial." 529 P. 3d, at
227. Yet the OCCA ignored the critical fact that -- had the
prosecutor, Connie Smothermon, corrected Sneed's testi-
mony -- the jury would have learned that Sneed made a false
statement on the stand. Sneed's testimony was the primary
evidence that the State offered to prove that Glossip planned
Page Proof Pending Publication
the murder. Faced with a prosecutor forced to correct her
star witness, a juror might have disbelieved Sneed's testi-
mony in its entirety. And if a juror went from belief to dis-
belief in Sneed, she might have changed her ultimate assess-
ment of whether the State had proved Glossip's guilt beyond
a reasonable doubt. So if Sneed really did give false testi-
mony, and if Smothermon really did knowingly allow that
testimony to go uncorrected, then Smothermon violated
Glossip's due process rights under Napue. The OCCA's con-
trary statements were wrong as a matter of federal law.
I part ways with the Court on what comes next. In exer-
cising our appellate function, it is not our role to fnd facts;
instead, we review the factual fndings of lower courts, sub-
ject to a deferential standard of appellate review. See Price
v. Johnston, (1948). This practice makes
good sense. This Court is well equipped to answer ques-
tions of federal law; it is ill equipped either to determine the
credibility of witnesses or to master voluminous trial rec-
ords. Other actors in our judicial system -- including, where
 Cite as: (2025) 261

Opinion of Barrett, J.

appropriate, state courts like the OCCA -- better serve these
functions, as our standard of review refects. In this case,
however, the Court has chosen to function as the initial
factfnder.
To establish a violation of Napue, Glossip must show that
(1) Sneed gave false testimony and (2) Smothermon knew
that the testimony was false. To make these showings,
Glossip relies largely on notes taken by Smothermon, an af-
fdavit from Dr. Trombka, and a "medical information sheet."
According to the Court, these documents clearly demon-
strate that (1) Sneed lied when he said that he did not know
why he had been given lithium and that he had never seen a
psychiatrist and (2) Smothermon knew that both of these
statements were lies. See ante, at 246 -- 248, 255. Thus, the
Court concludes, there is no need for the OCCA to make its
own factual fndings.*

Page Proof Pending Publication
*The Court suggests that this shortcut is appropriate because Glossip,
the attorney general, the Court-appointed amicus, and the OCCA "unani-
mously agree" that the record is suffciently developed. Ante, at 256. I
do not think that this assertion fairly captures the views of either the
amicus or the OCCA. When asked whether he "object[ed] to an eviden-
tiary hearing," amicus -- whom we appointed to defend the judgment
below in this Court -- expressed doubt that he "ha[d] standing to object to
an evidentiary hearing." Tr. of Oral Arg. 107 -- 108. When pushed on the
point, he responded that the current record supports affrmance "based on
the evidence that [Glossip has] chosen to present and particularly given
that he's now told you he wants the case decided on the current record
[and] without an evidentiary hearing." Id., at 109. In
other words, amicus simply stated that the current record did not support
Glossip's claim -- not that the record was in any objective sense already
fully developed. Moreover, the question here is not only whether further
factual development is warranted, but also which court should fnd facts
in the frst instance. Amicus certainly did not concede that this Court,
rather than the OCCA, should play that role on this record. As for the
OCCA, its lack of explanation of the facts cannot be divorced from its
erroneous view of Napue. Nothing in its opinion indicates what it would
make of this record evidence if it confronted the relevant questions
under Napue.
262 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

I respectfully disagree. Smothermon's notes, taken dur-
ing a jailhouse interview of Sneed, consist of the words "on
Lithium?" and "Dr Trumpet?" 3 App. 927. These notes
are hardly clear, and there are competing explanations of
what they mean. Glossip, the Oklahoma attorney general,
and the Court argue that they demonstrate Smothermon's
knowledge that Sneed had lied about Dr. Trombka's prescrib-
ing him lithium for bipolar disorder. See ante, at 247 -- 248,
255. The Van Treese amicus brief and Justice Thomas
contend that the notes instead refect Sneed's account of a
conversation with Glossip's lawyers, who had asked Sneed
whether he had received lithium from a "Dr Trumpet." See
post, at 272 -- 275, and (dissenting opinion). There are
other possibilities too: For instance, perhaps Smothermon
was confused by references to "Dr Trumpet" and lithium but
never investigated the issue further. Neither Dr. Trombka's
affdavit nor the attached medical information sheet nor any
of the other record evidence discussed by the Court fore-
Page Proof Pending Publication
closes any of these possibilities.
When the record is susceptible to multiple plausible infer-
ences, this Court should not be in the business of choosing
between them. It should have corrected the OCCA's mis-
statements of federal law and vacated the judgment, leaving
next steps -- including the decision whether to conduct an ev-
identiary hearing -- to the OCCA. By doing otherwise, the
Court has both displaced the OCCA as factfnder and poten-
tially overridden state-law constraints on the OCCA's reme-
dial authority. See post, at 293 -- 301 (Thomas, J., dissent-
ing). Because the Court has exceeded its appellate role, I
respectfully dissent in part.

Justice Thomas, with whom Justice Alito joins, and
with whom Justice Barrett joins as to Parts IV -- A -- 1, IV -- 
A -- 2, and IV -- A -- 3, dissenting.
Richard Glossip -- a convicted murderer twice sentenced to
death by Oklahoma juries -- challenges the denial of his ffth
 Cite as: (2025) 263

Thomas, J., dissenting

application for state post-conviction relief. Although
Glossip won the support of Oklahoma's new attorney general,
he failed to persuade either body with authority to grant
him relief: The Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals (OCCA)
denied Glossip's application as both procedurally defcient
and nonmeritorious, and Oklahoma's Pardon and Parole
Board denied clemency. Because this Court lacks the power
to override these denials, that should have marked the end
of the road for Glossip. Instead, the Court stretches the law
at every turn to rule in his favor. At the threshold, it con-
cocts federal jurisdiction by misreading the decision below.
On the merits, it fnds a due process violation based on pat-
ently immaterial testimony about a witness's medical condi-
tion. And, for the remedy, it orders a new trial in violation
of black-letter law on this Court's power to review state-
court judgments. I respectfully dissent.

Page Proof Pending
I
Publication
A
This case arises from the 1997 murder of Barry Van
Treese, the owner of an Oklahoma City motel. Beginning
in 1995, Glossip began working for Van Treese as the motel's
manager. 4 Tr. 182 -- 183 (May 14, 2004). In that capacity,
Glossip unoffcially hired 19-year-old Justin Sneed to be the
motel's handyman. Glossip did not pay Sneed; instead,
he let him live at the motel free of charge and occasionally
bought him food. Id., at 43 -- 44; 5 Tr. 67 -- 70 (May 17, 2004);
2 App. 644. In late 1996, Van Treese learned of discre-
pancies in Glossip's accounting suggesting that Glossip had
been allowing guests to stay at the motel off the books and
pocketing the money for himself. 4 Tr. 63, 68 -- 71 (May 14,
2004); 7 Tr. 35, 39 -- 40, 45 -- 49 (May 19, 2004); 11 Tr. 172 -- 173
(May 25, 2004). During a visit to the motel on January
6, 1997, Van Treese confronted Glossip about this issue,
and, having discovered unregistered guests staying at the
264 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

motel, he threatened to report Glossip to the police un-
less Glossip produced receipts for their rooms. 8 Tr. 82
(May 20, 2004).
Hours later, after Van Treese had gone to bed, Sneed en-
tered Van Treese's motel room and repeatedly beat him over
the head with a baseball bat. 2 App. 662 -- 664; 11 Tr. 55 (May
25, 2004). Sneed left when he thought that he had killed
Van Treese, although the State's forensic pathologist later
determined that Van Treese had initially survived the at-
tack, and died several hours later after slowly bleeding out.
Id., at 55 -- 57, 61; App. to Response to Petitioner's Succ. Ap-
plication for Post-Conviction Relief in No. PCD -- 2022 -- 819
(OCCA), Tr. of Glossip Police Interview 10 (Jan. 9, 1997).
Following his arrest, Sneed explained to police that Glossip
had urged him to kill Van Treese. 2 App. 645, 660. Accord-
ing to Sneed, Glossip told him that they would both be
evicted if Glossip lost his job, and Glossip had promised to
Page Proof Pending Publication
pay him $10,000 for carrying out the murder. 12 Tr. 95 -- 96,
98 (May 26, 2004).
Shortly after the attack, Sneed went to Glossip's motel
room and informed him that he had killed Van Treese. Tr.
of Glossip Police Interview 10 (Jan. 9, 1997). Glossip began
directing a coverup. On Sneed's account, Glossip frst told
Sneed to clean up glass shards from a window that Sneed
had broken during the attack. 12 Tr. 122 (May 26, 2004).
Glossip also sent Sneed to retrieve about $4,000 in cash from
Van Treese's car, and then to abandon the car in a nearby
credit union parking lot. Id., at 124, 129. When Sneed re-
turned, the two divided the cash. Id., at 128 -- 129. They
then entered Van Treese's room, whereupon Glossip directed
Sneed to tape a shower curtain over the broken window and
run the air conditioning at full blast to eliminate any odor.
Id., at 130, 132. Glossip then dispatched Sneed to buy plexi-
glass, which the pair installed over the broken window on
the morning of January 7. Tr. of Glossip Police Interview
 Cite as: (2025) 265

Thomas, J., dissenting

14 -- 15 (Jan. 9, 1997); 4 Tr. 163 -- 165 (May 14, 2004); 13 Tr. 126
(May 27, 2004).1
Glossip took additional steps to cover up the murder. He
told multiple witnesses that the window in Van Treese's
room was broken because two drunks had stayed there the
night before and smashed it in a brawl. 5 Tr. 85 (May 17,
2004); 7 Tr. 64 (May 19, 2004); 9 Tr. 46, 206 (May 21, 2004);
11 Tr. 188 -- 189 (May 25, 2004). He told the housekeeper that
she did not need to clean the downstairs rooms -- including
Van Treese's room. 8 Tr. 122 -- 123 (May 20, 2004). Instead,
as Glossip explained to another employee and a motel resi-
dent, he and Sneed would cover those rooms. 7 Tr. 64 (May
19, 2004); 9 Tr. 49 (May 21, 2004). Glossip had never taken
such steps before. 8 Tr. 122 -- 123 (May 20, 2004). He also
told various witnesses that he had seen Van Treese alive and
1
Despite its consistent theme that Sneed's testimony is too implausible
to sustain Glossip's conviction, the majority feels the need to bolster its
Page Proof Pending Publication
account by fnding "inconsisten[cies]" in his testimony that are not genu-
ine. Ante, at 234,. There is no contradiction in Sneed's claims that
he committed the murder as part of a robbery and that he did so to avoid
being " `evicted if Glossip lost his job.' " Ibid. At both of Glossip's trials,
Sneed consistently testifed that Glossip proposed taking the cash Van
Treese had with him and that Glossip told him that they would get evicted
if he did not kill Van Treese. 12 Tr. 95 -- 96, 98, 124 (May 26, 2004); 6 Tr.
89 -- 90, 95 -- 96 (June 8, 1998). Contemporaneous evidence supports both
motivations. In his confession to police, Sneed stated that Glossip had
proposed killing Van Treese and taking the cash that Van Treese had with
him. 2 App. 675. And, two days after the murder, Glossip told police
that Sneed had committed the murder in part because "[h]e thought Barry
[Van Treese] was going to throw him out in the street." Tr. of Glossip
Police Interview 13 (Jan. 9, 1997). Nor did Sneed ever claim that "he did
not know why Glossip wanted him to kill Van Treese." Ante, at 234,.
He testifed only that he did not know "why Mr. Glossip wanted to kill
Mr. Van Treese on this particular night," because "[e]very time that
Mr. Van Treese showed up, [Glossip] was wanting me to kill him." 6 Tr.
89 (June 8, 1998). As noted, Sneed clearly testifed at
the same trial that Glossip wanted Sneed to kill Van Treese so that they
would not be evicted. Id., at 90.
266 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

well around 7 o'clock that morning. 4 Tr. 99 (May 14, 2004);
7 Tr. 62 -- 63 (May 19, 2004); 9 Tr. 194 (May 21, 2004); 11 Tr.
126 -- 127, 182 -- 183 (May 25, 2004).
That afternoon, the credit union called the motel to report
that Van Treese's car had been abandoned in its parking lot.
7 Tr. 70 (May 19, 2004). At that point, it became clear
to the motel's staff that Van Treese was missing. Id., at
72 -- 74. Shortly thereafter, Glossip returned to the motel
from a shopping trip, during which he had made several
large purchases, including an engagement ring for his girl-
friend. Id., at 74; 14 Tr. 41 (May 28, 2004). He then pur-
ported to search the rooms and surrounding area for Van
Treese. 5 Tr. 97 (May 17, 2004); 9 Tr. 192 -- 193 (May 21,
2004); 11 Tr. 185 -- 186, 190 (May 25, 2004). He even assured
Van Treese's wife over the phone that everything was fne
and that he had seen Van Treese that morning. 4 Tr. 99 -- 
100 (May 14, 2004).
Page Proof Pending Publication
Glossip later repeated to a local police offcer the story that
two drunks had broken the window and that he had seen
Van Treese that morning. 9 Tr. 194, 206 -- 207 (May 21, 2004).
Unpersuaded, the offcer checked the room with the broken
window and discovered Van Treese's body. Id., at 220, 224 -- 
225; 11 Tr. 191, 194 (May 25, 2004). Glossip immediately told
the offcer that he suspected that Sneed had something to do
with the murder, explaining that he had heard glass breaking
and that Sneed had banged on his door, but he did not claim
to know anything more. 9 Tr. 233 (May 21, 2004).
Homicide detectives interviewed Glossip later that night.
Tr. of Glossip Police Interview 1, 10 -- 11 (Jan. 8, 1997). He
denied knowing that Van Treese had been murdered before
the body was discovered. Id., at 70, 86. And, he vacillated
between doubting that Sneed was involved and asserting
that he likely was. Id., at 27 -- 28, 69 -- 70.
On the morning of January 8, Glossip began to sell all his
possessions, telling multiple witnesses that he would like to
leave town. 8 Tr. 88 (May 20, 2004); 11 Tr. 199 (May 25,
 Cite as: (2025) 267

Thomas, J., dissenting

2004). On January 9, police picked up Glossip after he failed
to appear for a meeting with homicide detectives. 12 Tr. 7
(May 26, 2004). He had $1,757 in cash on his person and
no explanation for how he -- living paycheck to paycheck and
having made only $490 from selling his possessions the pre-
vious day -- had so much cash. Id., at 12 -- 13; 14 Tr. 43 -- 44
(May 28, 2004); 15 Tr. 17, 93 (June 1, 2004).
Glossip sat for a second interview with homicide detectives
later that day. Tr. of Glossip Police Interview 1 (Jan. 9,
1997). This time, although continuing to deny that he had
ordered Sneed to kill Van Treese, Glossip admitted that
Sneed had told him about the murder just after committing
it, and that he had instructed Sneed to clean up the glass
and repair the window. Id., at 13 -- 14, 36. Glossip also ad-
mitted that Van Treese "was upset because the motel wasn't
doing as well as it could." Id., at 32. When asked why he
hid the murder, Glossip denied doing so to protect Sneed.
Page Proof Pending Publication
He said he covered up the murder instead to protect himself,
because he "was involved in it" and risked losing his girl-
friend otherwise. Id., at 29 -- 30.
During this interview, Glossip also tried to minimize his
involvement in the crime by insisting that he had not gone
inside Van Treese's hotel room after the attack. Id., at 18;
see also ante, at 232 (emphasizing this denial). At trial,
however, a motel resident testifed that, on the morning of
January 7, Glossip had said that he and Sneed had been "in
the room" after the window was broken. 9 Tr. 120 (May
21, 2004).
Police arrested Sneed fve days later and charged him with
capital murder. 2 App. 644 -- 645. He had $1,680 in cash in
his possession. 14 Tr. 12 -- 18 (May 28, 2004). At frst, Sneed
denied involvement, claiming that his brother and Glossip
had once discussed the idea but that it never went beyond
talk. 2 App. 655 -- 657. Later in the interview, however,
Sneed confessed to murdering Van Treese at Glossip's insti-
gation. Id., at 660, 664.
268 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

B
1
Glossip was convicted and sentenced to death in 1998, but
the OCCA ordered a retrial based on ineffective assistance
of counsel. 2001 OK CR 21, 29 P. 3d 597.
At his second trial in 2004, a jury convicted Glossip again,
and the judge again sentenced him to death. Sneed testifed
against Glossip during the guilt phase, as he had at the frst
trial. While Sneed was providing background information
about himself at the outset of this testimony, the State's lead
prosecutor, Connie Smothermon, asked him whether he had
received any "prescription medication" after being arrested.
12 Tr. 63 -- 64 (May 26, 2004). Sneed responded that he had
briefy been prescribed "Lithium for some reason, I don't
know why. I never seen no psychiatrist or anything." Id.,
at 64. The matter did not come up again during the trial.
It would not have been challenging for the parties to de-
Page Proof Pending Publication
duce the reason for Sneed's lithium prescription. It is un-
disputed that lithium's sole medical purpose, both in 1997 and
today, is to treat bipolar disorder and other mental health
disorders. See ante, at 247. Were there any doubt about
Sneed's condition, records long available to both sides resolve
it. In 1997, Sneed underwent a pretrial competency evalua-
tion with forensic psychologist Dr. Edith King. Dr. King's
report strongly suggested that although Sneed himself may
have been in denial, he was taking lithium to treat bipo-
lar disorder or a similar condition. During his evaluation,
Sneed asserted that he "d[id] not think he ha[d] any serious
mental problems." 2 App. 701. And, he reported he was
given the lithium, apparently by mistake, "after his tooth
was pulled." Id., at 700. Dr. King felt otherwise. Con-
cluding that Sneed qualifed as a "mentally ill person or a
person requiring treatment," ibid., she determined that he
likely had "an atypical mood swing disorder in his past char-
acterized by `ups and downs' including anger outburst." Id.,
 Cite as: (2025) 269

Thomas, J., dissenting

at 702. "His present medication [i.e., the lithium] is prob-
ably helping him control his moods." Ibid.
The defense was well aware of this report before Glossip's
second trial. In fact, on direct appeal of his frst conviction,
Glossip's appellate counsel had faulted his trial counsel for
not using Dr. King's report to show the jury that Sneed was
taking lithium to control his anger. 1 id., at 18. Neverthe-
less, after the OCCA vacated his frst conviction, Glossip de-
clined to seek further pretrial discovery on the issue or raise
it during his second trial.
After his second conviction and sentence, Glossip ignored
the lithium issue on direct appeal, instead raising a general
suffciency-of-the-evidence challenge. The OCCA unani-
mously rejected that challenge, fnding that there was suff-
cient evidence to convict and that the State had satisfed an
additional state-law requirement for corroborative evidence
where a conviction rests on accomplice testimony. 2007 OK
CR 12, ¶¶47 -- 53, 157 P. 3d 143, 153 -- 154. Two judges dis-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sented on different grounds but "agree[d] with the majority
that the State presented a strong circumstantial case against
Glossip." Id., at 175 (Chapel, J.); see also ibid. (A. John-
son, J.).
2
Glossip has spent the past two decades challenging his con-
viction and sentence through direct appeal, state and federal
collateral proceedings, and civil litigation under Rev. Stat., 42 U. S. C.. Throughout that time, no court
has "determined error in [his] trial proceeding" or found that
"there [has] been a showing of actual innocence." 2023 OK
CR 5, ¶2, 529 P. 3d 218, 229 (Lumpkin, J., specially concur-
ring). And, for almost that entire duration, the Oklahoma
attorney general has steadfastly defended the verdict and
sentence, insisting that the evidence the State presented in
1998 and 2004 has never "been credibly rebutted." 3 App.
769.
270 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

In 2022, as Glossip's execution date approached, a group of
Oklahoma legislators opposed to his execution commissioned
the law frm Reed Smith LLP to conduct an independent
investigation of his case. The frm, which is publicly com-
mitted to "fghting the death penalty," id., at 709, (alter-
ation and internal quotation marks omitted), issued a fnal
report expressing "grave doubt as to the integrity of Gloss-
ip's murder conviction and death sentence," Independent In-
vestigation of State v. Richard E. Glossip 6 (June 7, 2022)
(Reed Smith Report). The attorney general vigorously dis-
agreed. In subsequent post-conviction flings, the State as-
serted that the report was "built on assumptions, half-truths,
and (in some cases) outright falsehoods," 3 App. 769, and
criticized its fndings at length, see id., at 754 -- 769.
In response to the Reed Smith Report, the attorney gener-
al's offce released all its fles from the case to Glossip, except
for one box of attorney work product. Based on this infor-
Page Proof Pending Publication
mation, Glossip fled a fourth motion for post-conviction relief
in the OCCA, raising two overarching claims. The frst
claim was that the State violated Brady v. Maryland, (1963), by withholding evidence that Sneed consid-
ered recanting his original testimony before the second trial.
The second claim was that Smothermon, the lead prosecutor,
committed misconduct and violated the rule of sequestration
(which prohibits witnesses from hearing other witnesses' tes-
timony) during trial. After the State's forensic pathologist
testifed that there was evidence Sneed used a knife in addi-
tion to the bat during the murder, Smothermon sent a memo-
randum to Sneed's attorney highlighting ways in which this
testimony was hard to square with some of Sneed's earlier
statements. Glossip thus claimed Smothermon violated the
rule of sequestration by conveying witness statements for
the purpose of coaching Sneed into altering his testimony to
ft the forensic evidence. Attorney General John O'Connor
opposed the application, urging the OCCA not to be cowed
 Cite as: (2025) 271

Thomas, J., dissenting

by the ongoing "public relations campaign" to "falsely" pres-
ent Glossip as "innocent." 3 App. 717.
The OCCA unanimously denied the application. Under
Oklahoma's Post-Conviction Procedure Act (PCPA), Glossip's
post-conviction application could not proceed unless he could
show (1) that the "factual basis for the claim" was previously
unavailable and (2) that, but for the alleged error, no rea-
sonable jury would have convicted him or sentenced him
to death. Okla. Stat., Tit. 22, (8)(b) (2024). The
OCCA held that both claims failed the frst requirement be-
cause they were not based on new information. It also held
that Glossip's claims failed on the merits.
As to the recantation claim, the OCCA held that Glossip's
frst claim was procedurally barred because the defense
knew even before the 2004 trial that Sneed was reluctant to
testify again. 3 App. 777. In fact, one of Glossip's attor-
neys had even visited Sneed before trial in an effort to per-
suade him not to testify. Ibid. On the merits, there was
Page Proof Pending Publication
"no evidence that Sneed had any desire to recant or change
his testimony." Id., at 776. Sneed had even told Reed
Smith that " `recant[ing]' " was " `impossible because I told the
truth.' " Id., at 724. Sneed was reluctant to testify because
he wanted to obtain a better plea deal or to avoid the disrup-
tion to his life that testifying would cause. Id., at 776.2

2
The majority points to a letter from Sneed to his attorney in which Sneed
raised the prospect of " ` "recanting" ' " his trial testimony. Ante, at 238. But, in two subsequent interviews with Reed Smith
attorneys, Sneed made clear that, although he wanted to avoid testifying
again if possible, he continued to stand by the truth of his earlier testimony:
"[REED SMITH ATTORNEY]: Yeah. Well, I think the bottom line
here, the most important things that we needed to clarify was like when
you're talking about recanting, you're not talking about changing your
story about what happened. Have you ever indicated to anybody that
you ever wanted to change your story about what happened?
"JUSTIN SNEED: No, sir. I have not ever indicated that I wanted to
change the truth of him applying pressure to me." App. to Response to
272 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

Turning to the sequestration claim, the OCCA pointed out
that Smothermon had acknowledged at trial that she had
spoken with Sneed's counsel, so the claim likewise lacked a
new factual basis. Id., at 780; see 12 Tr. 107 -- 108 (May 26,
2004). On the merits, the court held that Oklahoma's se-
questration statute does not prohibit counsel from discussing
with a witness other witnesses' testimony. 3 App. 781.
Federal courts have similarly interpreted the federal seques-
tration rule to permit "witnesses... to discuss the case"
with "counsel for either side." 2A C. Wright & P. Henning,
Federal Practice and Procedure, p. 195, and (4th
ed. 2009) (collecting cases). And, nothing in Smothermon's
memorandum indicates she was encouraging Sneed to lie. 3
App. 781 -- 782.
3
In January 2023, Gentner Drummond became Oklahoma's
attorney general. During his frst month in offce, Drum-
Page Proof Pending Publication
mond released the fnal box of evidence (Box 8) to Glossip.
He also appointed Rex Duncan, a personal friend and cam-
paign donor, as independent counsel to reexamine the legiti-
macy of Glossip's conviction.
Among the materials released in Box 8 were handwritten
notes taken by Smothermon and her co-counsel Gary Ackley
during a 2003 meeting between them, Sneed, and Sneed's
attorney.

Petitioner's Succ. Application for Post-Conviction Relief in No. PCD -- 
2022 -- 819 (OCCA), Tr. of Sneed Reed Smith Interview 46 -- 47 (Aug. 15,
2022).
See also id., Tr. of Sneed Reed Smith Interview 24 (Sept. 7, 2022)
("There isn't any way of really making up some [new] storyline that isn't
going to cover all the evidence that is already there... "). Sneed has
never on any occasion indicated that his testimony that Glossip directed
him to kill Van Treese was false, see 3 App. 724 -- 725, and the majority
cites no such occasion. The best explanation for Sneed's letter, and the
one that the OCCA credited as factual, is thus that Sneed, an eighth-grade
dropout, used the phrase "recanting my testimony" imprecisely to mean
"refuse to testify." Id., at 725, and, 776.
 Cite as: (2025) 273

Thomas, J., dissenting

Glossip's counsel quickly seized on Smothermon's notes.
In the top left corner of the notes, Smothermon had written
"on Lithium?" and "Dr Trumpet?" See Figure 1, infra.
According to Glossip's counsel, these phrases meant that
Sneed had admitted during the meeting that he had been
prescribed lithium by Dr. Lawrence Trombka, the psychia-
trist at the Oklahoma County Jail.
Smothermon and Ackley disagree with this interpretation.
They assert before this Court that, during the meeting,
Sneed recounted two interviews that he previously had with
members of Glossip's defense team. In context, Smother-
mon's notes simply record that Sneed told her that Glossip's
defense team had asked him about his use of lithium and
about "Dr Trumpet." The prosecutors claim that this fact
is apparent from the other notes on the page and from
Ackley's notes, both of which refer to details of these prior
interviews. Ackley's notes also highlight the phrase " `tooth
pulled.' " 3 App. 940. The prosecutors' interpretation of
Page Proof Pending Publication
their own notes thus suggests that Sneed recounted that he
had responded to questions about lithium and Dr. Trombka

Figure 1. Smothermon's handwritten notes. See 3 App. 927.
274 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

with his earlier story that he was prescribed lithium in
error after having his tooth pulled. This interpretation
is explained at great length by the Van Treese family's
brief. See Brief for Victim Family Members as Amici
Curiae 7 -- 22.3 And, as of yet, no one -- including the par-
3
According to Smothermon, her notes refect two visits ("2X") by de-
fense representatives -- with notes about the two visits separated by a ho-
rizontal line. According to the notes above the line, Sneed's frst visitors
were "women," one of whom was an investigator ("invest.") who may have
been heavy set ("heavy set?"). These visitors may have been involved in
Glossip's earlier direct "appeal." These women asked Sneed whether he
was "on Lithium?" and about a "Dr Trumpet?" The notes also document
a discussion of a "waiver for records," "IQ test," and "GED. VoTech."
Similarly, Ackley's notes record that the "W[itness, i.e., Sneed,] was visited
by 2 women who said they rep Glossip." They were "heavy," "1 `Inv.' &
1 `Atty,' " who may have been on Sneed's "Appellate" team. These two
women asked Sneed about lithium ("Li"), and he responded with some-
thing about getting his " `tooth pulled.' " Brief for Victim Family Mem-
bers as Amici Curiae 9 -- 12.
Page Proof Pending Publication
These notes correspond to Sneed's 2001 meeting with Wyndi Hobbs
(Glossip's post-conviction counsel) and an investigator named Lisa Cooper,
which was documented in the record of Glossip's fourth post-conviction
application. See 3 App. 729 -- 730. At this meeting, Sneed " `signed re-
leases for juvenile, jail, prison and criminal records,' " id., at 729, which
corresponds to the "waiver for records" mentioned in Smothermon's notes.
Sneed later wrote a letter to Cooper to ensure that she received informa-
tion about his participation in a "vo-tech program," id., at 730, which cor-
responds to the reference to "GED. VoTech."
According to Smothermon's notes below the line, Sneed's second visit
was from a "man" named "Burch" who tried to "con [him] out" of giving
"testimony" against Glossip. Burch "gave [Sneed a] case." Ackley's
notes likewise indicate that Sneed "[l]ater" met with "1 guy" named
"Burch." Sneed said of the meeting, ` "Basically all he was trying to do
was con me out of not [sic] getting onto the stand.' " Brief for Victim
Family Members as Amici Curiae 9 -- 13.
The flings from Glossip's fourth application also recount that Lynne
Burch, one of Glossip's attorneys, met with Sneed after the OCCA vacated
Glossip's frst conviction. 3 App. 731. Burch told Sneed " `he didn't have
to testify' " in Glossip's second trial, and (in line with Smothermon's notes)
gave Sneed a case, State v. Dyer, 2001 OK CR 31, 34 P. 3d 652, holding
that the State could not renege on a plea agreement for refusing to testify
at a codefendant's second trial. 3 App. 731 -- 732.
 Cite as: (2025) 275

Thomas, J., dissenting

ties and the majority -- has attempted to refute it on the
merits.
Based on Smothermon's notes, Glossip fled a ffth post-
conviction application in the OCCA in March 2023. He
framed the notes as new evidence of Sneed's previously un-
known bipolar disorder. Glossip attached an affdavit from
Dr. Trombka stating that he was the only person who would
have prescribed lithium while Sneed was in jail. Glossip
also attached what appears to be a jail record indicating that
Sneed has bipolar disorder. He argued that the State's re-
fusal to produce these notes before trial violated Brady, on
the theory that he could have used Sneed's condition to im-
peach his testimony.
At the same time, Glossip recognized that he would need
additional evidence to prove his theory. Together with his
application, Glossip also fled a motion for an evidentiary
hearing, in which he sought to call Smothermon and Ackley
as witnesses. Motion for Evidentiary Hearing in No. PCD -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
2023 -- 267 (OCCA), p. 2. Glossip explained in the motion that
"the resolution" of his Brady claim "turns in part on inter-
pretation of prosecutors' notes." Motion for Evidentiary
Hearing, at 1. "Without their testimony," he acknowledged,
"any fnding about what they meant or what the attorneys
did or did not know when they wrote them would be specula-
tion." Id., at 1 -- 2.
Independent Counsel Duncan, on the other hand, deter-
mined that no further evidence was needed. Duncan re-
leased his fnal report shortly after Glossip fled his ffth
application. He agreed that the State violated Glossip's
Brady rights and asserted that Smothermon's failure to cor-
rect Sneed's testimony amounted to a due process violation
under Napue v. Illinois, (1959). Duncan based
his conclusions on the speculation that "seasoned capital
homicide prosecutors... could be expected" to know that
"Trumpet" referred to Dr. Trombka and that Dr. Trombka
was the psychiatrist at the Oklahoma County Jail. App. to
Reply Brief in Support of Pet. for Cert. 23a. He then con-
276 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

cluded the report with praise for Drummond, stating that
Drummond's "decision to seek a stay of execution and more
thoroughly examine this case may be the bravest leadership
decision I've ever witnessed." Id., at 30a.
Notably, Duncan failed to give Smothermon a meaningful
opportunity to explain what her notes may have meant or
what she knew about Sneed's medical history. Instead, he
discussed the matter with her only once, during a 3-minute
phone call. App. to Brief for Victim Family Members as
Amici Curiae 31a. Worse, he gave Smothermon no chance
to review the decades-old notes before asking her to explain
them during the brief call. Ibid. Drummond was likewise
uninterested in hearing from the attorney he and Duncan
were impugning. Following Duncan's report, both Smother-
mon and the Van Treese family contacted Drummond's offce
to request that Drummond speak with Smothermon about
the notes. Id., at 6a -- 7a, 71a. Their pleas were ignored.4
At the attorney general's behest, the State supported
Page Proof Pending Publication
Glossip's post-conviction application. It argued that Smoth-
ermon's notes proved that the prosecutors violated Brady
and Napue, and that Glossip was entitled to relief under the
State's PCPA. It neglected to address, however, the strin-
gent limitations that the PCPA imposes on such subsequent
applications. See (8)(b).

4
The majority insists that Smothermon had a fair opportunity to explain
her notes because she met once with attorneys at the Reed Smith law frm
and had an earlier, longer phone call with Duncan. Ante, at 255. But,
the Reed Smith meeting occurred before the release of Box 8. See Reed
Smith Report 80, (noting that the Reed Smith meeting occurred in
May 2022, eight months before Box 8 was released in January 2023).
And -- by his own admission -- Duncan "forgot to ask" Smothermon about
"Dr. Larry Trombka" during his earlier, longer phone call. App. to Brief
for Victim Family Members as Amici Curiae 32a. The majority also
faults Smothermon for not having an explanation ready during the 3-
minute phone call. Ante, at 255. But, without giving Smothermon an
opportunity to review the notes, it was unreasonable to expect her instan-
taneously to recall their meaning 20 years later.
 Cite as: (2025) 277

Thomas, J., dissenting

The OCCA unanimously denied Glossip's ffth post-
conviction application. The court frst held that Glossip had
not satisfed either requirement of (8)(b), and thus
that the Brady and Napue claims were procedurally barred.
529 P. 3d, at 226. The OCCA then held that both claims also
failed on the merits. No Brady violation occurred, the court
explained, because Sneed's 1997 pretrial competency report
already informed the defense of Sneed's prescription and
condition. The OCCA determined that defense counsel had
likely made a strategic decision not to base a defense on
them. 529 P. 3d, at 226. Nor was there any Napue viola-
tion, according to the court, because Sneed's testimony "was
not clearly false" and, in any event, was not material given
defense counsel's choice not to raise Sneed's condition. 529
P. 3d, at 226 -- 227. After the OCCA issued its decision, Okla-
homa's Pardon and Parole Board denied clemency.
II
Page Proof Pending Publication
As an initial matter, we lack jurisdiction to review this
case. "This Court from the time of its foundation has ad-
hered to the principle that it will not review judgments of
state courts that rest on adequate and independent state
grounds." Herb v. Pitcairn, (1945). "Be-
cause this Court has no power to review a state law deter-
mination that is suffcient to support the judgment, resolu-
tion of any independent federal ground for the decision could
not affect the judgment and would therefore be advisory."
Coleman v. Thompson, (1991). Thus, on
direct review of a state-court judgment, the presence of an
adequate and independent state ground imposes a "jurisdic-
tional" limitation. Ibid. The decision below rests on such
grounds, and the majority concludes otherwise only by
grossly mischaracterizing the state court's analysis.
A
The PCPA authorizes a criminal defendant to collaterally
challenge his conviction on the ground that it violates the
278 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

Federal Constitution. Okla. Stat., Tit. 22,. But,
given the extraordinary nature of collateral challenges, the
statute also imposes a variety of restrictions on relief. In
capital cases, the applicant must establish not just a constitu-
tional violation, but also, among other requirements, that his
claim "could not have been raised in a direct appeal" and that
"the outcome of the trial would have been different but for
the errors or that the defendant is factually innocent.".
The PCPA further bars subsequent applications for relief,
such as Glossip's, unless the applicant satisfes two additional
requirements. As mentioned, the applicant must show that
"the factual basis for the claim" was not previously "ascer-
tainable through the exercise of reasonable diligence. "
(8)(b)(1). And, the applicant must demonstrate
that "the facts underlying the claim" would, if proved, "es-
tablish by clear and convincing evidence that, but for the
Page Proof Pending Publication
alleged error, no reasonable fact fnder would have found the
applicant guilty of the underlying offense or would have ren-
dered the penalty of death." (8)(b)(2). These two
necessary conditions -- the diligence and actual-innocence
requirements -- closely mirror limits that the Antiterrorism
and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996 (AEDPA) imposes
on successive federal habeas petitions. See 28 U. S. C.
(2)(B); Davison v. State, 2023 OK CR 11, ¶9, 531 P. 3d 649, 651,.
As with other state-law requirements, the PCPA's bar on
subsequent applications ordinarily will constitute an ade-
quate and independent state ground precluding our review.
It is independent because its application does not "depend
upon a federal constitutional ruling on the merits." Stewart
v. Smith, (2002) (per curiam). It is ade-
quate as a general matter because States have no constitu-
tional obligation to create "collateral proceedings" in the frst
place. Murray v. Giarratano, (1989) (plural-
 Cite as: (2025) 279

Thomas, J., dissenting

ity opinion). And, it is adequate in particular cases so long
as the OCCA's decision to rely on it is not "so unfounded" in
existing law or the record "as to be essentially arbitrary."
Cruz v. Arizona, (2023). A decision will be inadequate on this basis
only in "the rarest of situations." Ibid.
Here, the OCCA held that the PCPA barred Glossip's ap-
plication twice over because he failed to meet either the dili-
gence or actual-innocence requirements. 529 P. 3d, at 226.
The OCCA properly grounded these conclusions in its analy-
sis of the record: It explained that because Glossip had been
aware of Sneed's condition and lithium prescription since
1997, with "reasonable diligence" the Napue violation "could
have been presented previously." 529 P. 3d, at 226. Like-
wise, Glossip could not establish that, but for the alleged
Napue violation, "no reasonable fact fnder" would have con-
victed him. 529 P. 3d, at 226. Correcting Sneed's testi-
mony simply would have furnished the defense with addi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tional impeachment evidence that did not directly contradict
the State's basic theory. But, "evidence of factual innocence
must be more than that which merely tends to discredit or
impeach a witness." Id., at 225 (collecting cases). The
OCCA's reliance on the PCPA thus was both an adequate
basis for its judgment and independent of federal law, leav-
ing us without jurisdiction. Glossip's case should end here.

B
The majority evades this straightforward conclusion by in-
venting a federal holding that the OCCA never made. Be-
fore applying the PCPA's bar on subsequent applications, the
majority contends, the OCCA frst addressed the State's
"confession of Napue error." Ante, at 243. The OCCA
then found this confession to be " `not based in law or fact.' "
Ibid.. Thus, the majority con-
cludes, the OCCA premised its application of the PCPA's
280 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

bar on an "antecedent holding" of "federal law," which we
have jurisdiction to review. Ante, at 243. This theory mis-
states the decision below and defes logic.
As the OCCA recognized (and the majority does not), the
State did not merely confess to a Napue violation; it "con-
cede[d] that [Sneed's] alleged false testimony combined with
other unspecifed cumulative errors warrant post-conviction
relief." 529 P. 3d, at 226. A federal claim
can warrant post-conviction relief under the PCPA only if
the applicant meets the PCPA's additional requirements.
See (4). The State partly recognized as much, ex-
pressly acknowledging that, "[t]o obtain post-conviction re-
lief, Glossip needs to show" that he satisfes the requirements
of "." 3 App. 976. The State therefore argued
that the alleged Napue violation met those requirements -- 
namely, that the violation "could not have been asserted in a
direct appeal," and that "the result of the trial" likely would
not "have been the same but for" the Napue violation and
Page Proof Pending Publication
cumulative errors. 3 App. 977 -- 978.
The OCCA properly concluded that this argument suffered
a threshold defect: It ignored the PCPA's additional require-
ments for "subsequent application[s] for post-conviction re-
lief " under. Beyond showing that he met the
requirements, Glossip also had to show he satis-
fed 's diligence and actual-innocence requirements.
(8)(b). Yet, the State never addressed those pre-
requisites. The OCCA thus held that Oklahoma's "con-
cession alone cannot overcome the limitations on succes-
sive post-conviction review." 529 P. 3d, at 226 (8)).5 Because the State's concession that the cir-

5
The majority claims that the OCCA could not have meant to rely on
because the State "expressly attempted to waive" the require-
ments of that provision. Ante, at 245. The State did no such thing. In
its response to Glossip's application, the State of Oklahoma contended that,
"[t]o obtain post-conviction relief, Glossip needs to show" he satisfes the
 Cite as: (2025) 281

Thomas, J., dissenting

cumstances "warrant post-conviction relief " overlooked
these additional state-law requirements, the OCCA correctly
observed that the State's assertion was "not based in law or
fact." Id., at 226. And, as the OCCA's citation
makes clear, the court was referring to Oklahoma law, not
federal law.
The structure of the OCCA's analysis reinforces this con-
clusion. The relevant portion of the opinion reads as
follows:
"¶25 Glossip claims that the State failed to disclose
evidence of Justin Sneed's mental health treatment and
that Sneed lied about his mental health treatment to the
jury. Though the State in its response now concedes
that this alleged false testimony combined with other
unspecifed cumulative errors warrant post-conviction
relief, the concession alone cannot overcome the limita-
tions on successive post-conviction review. See 22 O.S.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Supp. 2022, (8). The State's concession is not
based in law or fact.
"¶26 This issue is one that could have been presented
previously, because the factual basis for the claim was
ascertainable through the exercise of reasonable dili-
gence, and the facts are not suffcient to establish by
clear and convincing evidence that, but for the alleged
error, no reasonable fact fnder would have found the

PCPA. 3 App. 976 ). It then offered an argument that
Glossip had satisfed the PCPA's requirements. Id., at 976 -- 978. Such an
argument is distinct from a "waiver," which "is the voluntary and inten-
tional relinquishment of a known right." Price v. Zhang, 2022 OK 95,
¶19, 521 P. 3d 795, 799 -- 800. Regardless, even if the State had purported
to waive, the OCCA nonetheless explicitly applied it. 529 P. 3d,
at 226 (8)). Perhaps the majority thinks that ruling is too
harsh -- even though AEDPA's analogous limitations on successive federal
habeas petitions are often, if not always, unwaivable. See Burton v. Stew-
art, (2007) (per curiam). But, the harshness of such a
ruling would not make it any less independent of federal law.
282 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

applicant guilty of the underlying offense or would have
rendered the penalty of death.
"¶27 [Glossip's Brady claim fails on the merits.]
"¶28 The evidence, moreover, does not create a Napue
error...." Id., at 226 -- 227 (footnotes omitted).

The OCCA's application of 's diligence and actual-
innocence requirements in paragraph 26 immediately fol-
lowed its "law or fact" comment in paragraph 25. Only
thereafter in paragraph 28 did the court turn to the State's
Napue claim and conclude that "[t]he evidence, moreover,
does not create a Napue error." 529 P. 3d, at 226 (footnote
omitted). This structure leaves no doubt that 's re-
quirements are why the State's concession failed: The appli-
cation of in paragraph 26 explained the immedi-
ately preceding statement that the "State's concession is not
based in law or fact." The merits discussion in paragraph
28 was a follow-on, alternative holding.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The majority's alternative interpretation is incoherent.
According to the Court, the OCCA's analysis proceeded as
follows: First, the court asserted that the State's "concession
alone cannot overcome the limitations on successive post-
conviction review," and expressly cited 's diligence
and actual-innocence requirements. Ibid. Second, the
OCCA without explanation switched -- in the very next sen-
tence -- to the merits and decided the Napue question in a
single, conclusory assertion that the "State's concession is
not based in law or fact." 529 P. 3d, at 226. Third, after
summarily deciding the merits of a federal constitutional
claim, the OCCA toggled back to the procedural bar in the
very next paragraph to explain why Glossip failed to meet
the PCPA's procedural requirements. Fourth and fnally,
the OCCA circled around to spell out its "antecedent" Napue
merits holding. Ante, at 243. This reading is as convoluted
and implausible as it sounds. If "the only reason" 
applied had been because the Napue claim independently
 Cite as: (2025) 283

Thomas, J., dissenting

failed on the merits, there would have been no point in dis-
cussing in the frst place. Ante, at 243.
Finally, the majority cannot fall back on Michigan v. Long,
(1983), which establishes a presumption that
a state court has based its decision on federal law when it is
"insuffciently `clear from the face of the opinion' " that the
court meant to rely on an independent state-law ground.
Ante, at 245. Here, the
OCCA expressly held that barred any relief based
on Napue. 529 P. 3d, at 226. That leaves the "face of the
opinion" as "clear" as it gets. Long, 463 U. S., at 1041. The
majority's tortured reading of the OCCA's "law or fact"
phrase is too farfetched to undermine the force of that "plain
statement" that state law resolved the case. Ibid.

C
Unable to make a plausible case from the four corners of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the opinion below, the majority attempts to bolster its read-
ing by relying on "Oklahoma precedent involving confessions
of error." Ante, at 243. In particular, in a series of deci-
sions issued between 54 and 106 years ago, the OCCA held
that a confession of error must have "a basis in the law and
in the record" to be sustained. Ante, 244, and. Accord-
ing to the majority, these decisions establish that whenever
the State identifes that a federal constitutional error oc-
curred, all independent legal grounds for sustaining the judg-
ment disappear. Ante, at 243 -- 245.
We disapproved of the majority's method of fnding juris-
diction in Long. There, we decided that, as a general mat-
ter, we would no longer "decide issues of state law that go
beyond the opinion that we review" to determine whether
a judgment rests on an adequate and independent state
ground. 463 U. S., at 1040. We adopted this practice be-
cause the "process of examining state law" ourselves "re-
quires us to interpret state laws with which we are generally
unfamiliar, and which often... have not been discussed at
284 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

length by the parties." Id., at 1039. That concern is on full
display here: Not a single merits brief in this case cites any
of the decisions invoked by the majority for its grand theory
of confessions of error under Oklahoma law; the majority de-
veloped it entirely sua sponte. Despite wrapping itself in
the mantle of Long, the majority disregards one of its cen-
tral teachings.
If we are to look at other OCCA decisions, I would start
with history that is more recent and more on point. In re-
sponse to Glossip's fourth application for post-conviction re-
lief, the State explicitly "waive[d] its right to argue the
claims within this... application are waived" under the
PCPA. 3 App. 717 -- 718. But, the OCCA refused to accept
the waiver, holding that "[t]his Court alone will determine
whether the rules of this Court should be abandoned." Id.,
at 775; see also ante, at 238. The OCCA thus made clear
that it would apply the PCPA's procedural bars whether the
Page Proof Pending Publication
State wanted it to or not. It makes no sense to say, just
months later -- and in the same case -- that the OCCA re-
versed course without explanation and decided that 
becomes irrelevant when the State supports the applicant's
claim for relief (while at the same time holding that 
applies). See ante, at 245. It should go without saying that
a decision issued fve months before the decision below in
Glossip's own case sheds far more light on what the OCCA
meant than decisions issued in different cases a century ago.
In any event, the majority vastly overreads the case law
it cites. The decisions establish the modest point that a con-
fession of error does not automatically entitle a defendant
to relief; rather, the OCCA will independently "examine the
record" to ensure that the confession is "well founded in law."
Raymer v. State, 27 Okla. Crim. 398, 228 P. 500 (1924) (sylla-
bus by the court); see ante, at 243 -- 244, and. Of course,
a confession that post-conviction relief is warranted is not
well founded if the PCPA bars relief. And, those decisions
nowhere hold that procedural bars that might render an
 Cite as: (2025) 285

Thomas, J., dissenting

error harmless become irrelevant whenever the State con-
fesses error.
This Court follows the same rule, derived from early Eng-
lish practice, that it must "examine independently" confes-
sions of error before reversing. Young v. United States, -- 259 (1942) ). And, this
Court applies independent bars to relief even when the Gov-
ernment confesses error. See, e. g., Grzegorczyk v. United
States, (2022) (statement of Kavanaugh, J.,
joined by Roberts, C. J., and Thomas, Alito, and Barrett,
JJ., respecting denial of certiorari) (rejecting the Govern-
ment's confession of error and request for vacatur of the
judgment below because the defendant's guilty plea waived
his claim). Yet, the majority here foists upon Oklahoma es-
sentially the opposite rule by requiring reversal based on
errors a court has not independently ruled to be reversible.
There is no basis to infer from the OCCA's duty to independ-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ently examine confessions of error that it will ignore inde-
pendent grounds for upholding a conviction.
The Court's detour into state-law materials whose con-
sideration Long strongly discouraged does nothing to
undermine the straightforward conclusion that the decision
below invoked 's procedural bar as a hurdle inde-
pendent of the Napue claim's merits. That adequate and
independent state ground bars our review of this case.

III
Even if we had jurisdiction, we could not grant relief be-
cause Glossip has failed to show that he is entitled to a hear-
ing on the merits of his Napue claim.
Napue establishes that "a State may not knowingly use
false evidence, including false testimony, to obtain a tainted
conviction." 360 U. S., at 269. If a witness gives false tes-
timony, which the prosecutor knows to be false but fails to
correct, then a new trial is warranted if there is "any reason-
286 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

able likelihood" that the false testimony could "have affected
the judgment of the jury." Id., at 270 -- 271. A Napue claim
therefore requires three elements: falsity, prosecutorial
knowledge, and materiality. Here, the OCCA correctly
held, at minimum, that the Napue claim fails the material-
ity requirement.6
6
Because the OCCA did not address whether the prosecutors knew that
Sneed's testimony was false, our review of the knowledge element is espe-
cially improper. The rule that "we are a court of review, not of frst
view," Cutter v. Wilkinson, (2005), applies with
special force to such a fact-intensive question. The OCCA, which has
resolved two direct appeals and fve post-conviction applications over two
decades of appeals in this case, is far more steeped in the relevant facts
than this Court. And, it is at least entitled to apply Oklahoma's reticu-
lated post-conviction evidentiary standards in the frst instance. See
Okla. Stat., Tit. 22, (4)(a)(1); OCCA Rule 9.7(D) (2024). The ma-
jority's analysis well illustrates our comparative disadvantage, as it over-
reads silence and ignores explicit contrary evidence in an effort to leap
across its inferential gaps. For example, Smothermon's notes say nothing
Page Proof Pending Publication
about bipolar disorder or psychiatry. So, even if Sneed said Dr. Trombka
prescribed the lithium, that is no justifcation for inferring that he commu-
nicated the reason for the prescription or the fact that Dr. Trombka is a
psychiatrist. Further, we cannot assume that Smothermon already knew
who Dr. Trombka was at the time of the meeting. In fact, the evidence
suggests the opposite; Smothermon clearly did not understand to whom
Sneed was referring given that she mistook his name for "Trumpet?"
See Figure 1, supra. Finally, the Court overlooks the affdavit submitted
by Glossip from Gary Ackley. It attests that, according to Ackley's con-
temporaneous notes of the meeting, Sneed said something about his
" `tooth' " being " `pulled,' " 3 App. 940, which is how he said he was mistak-
enly prescribed lithium in Dr. King's report, see 2 id., at 700. Ackley also
did "not recall knowing or discussing with anyone that Justin Sneed was
on lithium at any time as treatment for bipolar disorder." 3 id., at 940.
The majority dismisses the signifcance of Sneed's "tooth pulled" com-
ment on the ground that Ackley "knew lithium was not a pain medication."
Ante, at 248,. But, whether or not Sneed in fact received lithium in
connection with his tooth being pulled, the fact that Sneed said something
to that effect strongly undermines the supposedly "straightforward infer-
ence... that Sneed told Smothermon that Dr. Trombka had prescribed
him the lithium." Ante, at 248. Sneed's disputed testimony is not that
he received lithium to treat a toothache; it is that he had "never seen" a
 Cite as: (2025) 287

Thomas, J., dissenting

A
The OCCA held that Sneed's allegedly false statements -- 
that he had "never seen" a psychiatrist and did not "know
why" he was given lithium -- were not material because the
defense already had reason to know about Sneed's condition
but made a strategic decision not to make an issue of it. 529
P. 3d, at 226 -- 227. That holding is correct.
The "touchstone of due process analysis in cases of alleged
prosecutorial misconduct is the fairness of the trial." Smith
v. Phillips, (1982). "Even in cases of egre-
gious prosecutorial misconduct," we have granted relief
"only when the tainted evidence was material to the case."
Id., at 220,. To that end, the proper inquiry is whether
" `the false testimony' " could have " `affected the judgment
of the jury.' " Giglio v. United States, 
(1972) ; see also Napue, 360 U. S., at 269
(due process violation occurs where the State "use[s] false
Page Proof Pending Publication
evidence... to obtain a tainted conviction").
There is no reasonable likelihood that Sneed's challenged
testimony changed the jury's verdict, because it did not bear
on any contested issue. As early as 1997, the defense knew
that Sneed likely suffered from an "atypical mood swing dis-
order" that involved "anger outburst[s]," and that his lithium
prescription helped to treat it. 2 App. 699 -- 700, 702 -- 703; see
also ante, at 247 (agreeing that "Glossip had access" to
Sneed's pretrial competency report). On direct appeal from
his frst conviction, Glossip's counsel identifed his use of
"lithium" to " `not to feel so angry' " as "vital evidence to
attack Sneed's credibility and the State's specious theory of
the case." 1 App. 18.
Nonetheless, the defense elected not to raise Sneed's men-
tal condition at the second trial. Given defense counsel's
awareness of the pretrial competency report, this choice

psychiatrist and did not "know why" he was given lithium. 12 Tr. 64
(May 26, 2004).
288 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

must have been a conscious one. Perhaps, as the OCCA
suggested, the defense was concerned that highlighting
"Sneed's mental health" could have the counterproductive ef-
fect of "showing that he was mentally vulnerable to Glossip's
manipulation and control." 529 P. 3d, at 226. Or, perhaps
the defense believed it would not be credible to argue that
Sneed acted on impulse in a manic state, given other wit-
nesses' testimony that Sneed possessed a consistently mild-
mannered disposition. See, e. g., 7 Tr. 26 (May 19, 2004); 9
Tr. 17 -- 18 (May 21, 2004). Whatever the reason, the defense
chose not to turn Sneed's mental health into an impeachment
issue. That left no work for Sneed's challenged testimony
to do, so it could not reasonably have affected the jury's ver-
dict. See Napue, 360 U. S., at 269.
The majority concludes otherwise only by redefning the
Napue materiality inquiry. In its view, Sneed's testimony is
material because the jury's verdict could have changed
Page Proof Pending Publication
"[h]ad the prosecution corrected" the testimony. Ante, at
248. Thus, even "wholly irrelevant" testimony that had no
impact on the jury can be material, so long as the act of
correcting it might have caused the jury to doubt the wit-
ness's credibility. Ante, at 249. We have never defned ma-
teriality in these terms. Rather, we have consistently
framed the issue as whether "the false testimony" itself "had
an effect on the outcome." Napue, 360 U. S., at 272. Thus,
the relevant inquiry under Napue is whether the content of
the false testimony at issue is material. Were the test for
materiality whether a counterfactual correction of a false
statement might tend to undermine the witness's credibility,
the materiality requirement would be meaningless in a great
number of cases.
Napue itself illustrates this point. The "principal state
witness" in that case "testifed... that he had received no
promise of consideration in return for his testimony" when
the prosecutor "had in fact promised him consideration" in
the form of support for a reduced sentence. Id., at 265 -- 266.
 Cite as: (2025) 289

Thomas, J., dissenting

The Court did not fnd this false testimony material merely
because such testimony generally undermines a witness's
credibility. Rather, the Court took issue with the content
of the testimony: "Had the jury been apprised of the true
facts,... it might well have concluded that [the witness]
had fabricated testimony in order to curry the favor of the"
prosecutor. Id., at 270; see also Wearry v. Cain, -- 394 (2016) (per curiam) (similarly fnding false tes-
timony material because it concerned whether the witness
was receiving favorable treatment in exchange for testi-
mony); Giglio, 405 U. S., at 154 -- 155 (same).
Rather than base its holding on Napue's actual discussion
of materiality, see 360 U. S., at 270 -- 272, the majority seizes
on a line from a different section of the opinion: that " ` "[a]
lie is a lie, no matter what its subject." ' " Ante, at 249, 253. But, the majority omits the
second half of the sentence: " `and, if it is in any way rele-
vant to the case, the district attorney has the responsibility
Page Proof Pending Publication
and duty to correct what he knows to be false and elicit the
truth.' " Id., at 270. Read in its entirety,
the sentence makes clear that the prosecutor's " `duty to cor-
rect' " is triggered only if the false statement " `is... rele-
vant to the case.' " Ibid. That specifcation is inconsistent
with the majority's conception of Napue, under which any
known false statement triggers the duty to correct, and then
the question of materiality turns on a counterfactual inquiry
into whether the failure to correct could have affected the
outcome of the trial.7
7
The full context of Napue's materiality discussion further underscores
the decision's emphasis on the content of the false testimony rather than
the effect of a counterfactual correction:
"Had the jury been apprised of the true facts, however, it might well
have concluded that Hamer [the witness] had fabricated testimony in order
to curry the favor of the very representative of the State who was prose-
cuting the case in which Hamer was testifying, for Hamer might have
believed that such a representative was in a position to implement (as
he ultimately attempted to do) any promise of consideration. That the
290 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

The majority's novel approach also unmoors the Napue
materiality standard from its theoretical justifcation. This
Court applies a defendant-friendly standard of materiality to
Napue claims "because they involve a corruption of the
truth-seeking function of the trial process." United States
v. Agurs, (1976). Where the jury does not
rely on the false testimony because it is irrelevant, no such
corruption occurs.
B
In any event, the majority fails its own test. Even fram-
ing the question as whether a correction could have affected
the outcome of trial, the parties have not established
materiality.
First, irrespective of whether Sneed lied, prosecutorial
correction of his testimony would not have led the jury to
infer that he had consciously committed perjury. The far
more plausible inference would have been that Sneed simply
Page Proof Pending Publication
misremembered -- like numerous other witnesses in the same
trial. Recall that Glossip's second trial took place seven
years after the events in question and six years after his
frst trial. Many key witnesses in Glossip's second trial tes-
tifed in his frst, leaving them open to impeachment on any
details they remembered differently six years later.
The record is replete with instances of counsel -- including
the prosecutors -- reminding the State's witnesses of facts
they had forgotten or misremembered. See, e. g., 5 Tr. 90
(May 17, 2004); 7 Tr. 83 -- 85 (May 19, 2004); 8 Tr. 40 -- 42 (May
20, 2004); 9 Tr. 100 (May 21, 2004); 10 Tr. 31 (May 24, 2004);

Assistant State's Attorney himself thought it important to establish before
the jury that no offcial source had promised Hamer consideration is made
clear by his redirect examination, which was the last testimony of Hamer's
heard by the jury:.....
"[O]ur own evaluation of the record here compels us to hold that the
false testimony used by the State in securing the conviction of petitioner
may have had an effect on the outcome of the trial." 360 U. S., at 270 -- 272.
 Cite as: (2025) 291

Thomas, J., dissenting

14 Tr. 18 (May 28, 2004). Moreover, Sneed took lithium for
only a brief period in 1997. Considering that this testimony
held no signifcance for any contested issue at trial, in this
environment there is no reason to think its correction would
have been noteworthy, much less the voilà moment the ma-
jority imagines.
Second, correcting Sneed's allegedly false statements
would not have led the jury to believe that Sneed's mental
condition led him to attack Van Treese on his own initiative.
To begin with, the prosecution had no Napue obligation to
disclose that Sneed had bipolar disorder. Napue requires
prosecutors "to correct" what they know to be "false testi-
mony," not to proactively identify impeachment material.
360 U. S., at 265. At most, the only false statement was
Sneed's assertion that he had not seen a psychiatrist. The
OCCA found Sneed "was more than likely in denial of his
mental health disorders." 529 P. 3d, at 227. This factual
Page Proof Pending Publication
fnding has record support. Sneed asserted during his pre-
trial competency evaluation that he "does not think he has
any serious mental problems." 2 App. 701. That state-
ment predated his plea agreement and so cannot be chalked
up to trying to maintain his credibility on the stand. The
OCCA thus reasonably found Sneed's statement about his
own knowledge was not false. Nor did Sneed testify that he
was given lithium to treat a cold. See ante, at 253. He said
only that "shortly after" he had asked for Sudafed he was
given lithium for a "reason" that he "d[id]n't know." 12 Tr.
64 (May 26, 2004). Sneed thus never falsely testifed as to
why he received lithium. And, without knowing why a psy-
chiatrist prescribed lithium to Sneed, a lay jury would not
likely be able to attribute much signifcance to the mere fact
that a psychiatrist did so.
Regardless, there is no reason to think that disclosing
Sneed's bipolar disorder would have affected the outcome of
the trial. Glossip's defense team was well aware of Sneed's
condition and chose not to use it as impeachment evidence.
292 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

As appellate judges examining a cold record 20 years after
the trial, we should be wary of believing that we understand
the import of evidence better than Glossip's counsel. More-
over, the defense made no effort in its questions and argu-
mentation to lay the groundwork for a theory that Sneed
acted on a manic impulse. So, it is hard to see why the jury
would have developed any theory on its own from a cursory
mention of the condition.
Finally, the Court cannot rescue its materiality analysis
by invoking the cumulative-error doctrine. The Court as-
serts with virtually no legal analysis that various other vio-
lations of state and federal law undermine confdence in the
verdict. Ante, at 250 -- 251. But, the cumulative-error doc-
trine applies only if there are multiple errors to consider
cumulatively. See Wearry, 577 U. S., at 394 (only "wrong-
fully withheld" evidence can be assessed cumulatively under
Brady and Napue); Hanson v. Sherrod, 797 F. 3d 810, 852
(CA10 2015) ("We cumulate error only upon a showing of at
Page Proof Pending Publication
least two actual errors"). The OCCA held that the remain-
ing claims of error the Court asserts are either procedurally
barred, meritless, or both. See 529 P. 3d, at 227; 3 App. 776 -- 
783; No. PCD -- 2022 -- 589 (OCCA, Nov. 10, 2022), p. 11; supra,
at 270 -- 272. We did not grant certiorari to review the cor-
rectness of those decisions, so they are not properly before
us. See Pet. for Cert. i.
In all events, the other claimed violations are meritless or
beyond our jurisdiction. The State's supposed violation of
the rule of sequestration is a state-law issue over which we
have no jurisdiction. See 3 App. 780 -- 781.8 The evidence-
8
The majority insists that the alleged violation of the rule of sequestra-
tion is more than a state-law issue, ante, at 251, but for support it
offers only a case discussing "the ethical limits on guiding witnesses" as
defned by the American Bar Association's model professional responsibil-
ity code for States, see Geders v. United States, and 
(1976). Moreover, although the State has confessed a violation of "the
rule of sequestration" (without addressing the OCCA's earlier, contrary
decision, see supra, at 272), it has not conceded that Smothermon improp-
erly infuenced Sneed's testimony, see Brief for Respondent 13; 3 App.
 Cite as: (2025) 293

Thomas, J., dissenting

destruction claim is the majority's own creation. Although
both parties mention alleged evidence destruction in the
background statements of their briefs, neither argues to this
Court that any destruction of evidence amounted to a viola-
tion of federal law militating in favor of reversal. See Brief
for Petitioner 33 -- 38; Brief for Respondent 30 -- 31. So too,
there is no evidence that Sneed wished to "recant" his testi-
mony, ante, at 251; to the contrary, Sneed explained to Reed
Smith that "recant[ing]" was "impossible because I told the
truth," 3 App. 724 ; see
also, supra (further explaining that Sneed has never de-
nied the truth of his testimony against Glossip). And, the
claim that Glossip sold his couch and television for $900 on
January 8 -- thus suggesting an alternative source for the
money he stole from Van Treese -- is a nonstarter: Glossip
himself testifed under oath that he received only $490 for
those items and others. 15 Tr. 17 (June 1, 2004).
In short, even setting aside our lack of jurisdiction, Glossip
Page Proof Pending Publication
still lacks a valid Napue claim because Sneed's allegedly false
testimony was immaterial.
IV
Having erred in both its threshold and merits analyses, the
majority rounds out its opinion with an indefensible remedial
decree. Rather than vacate the decision below, the majority
takes the remarkable step of requiring a new trial. Ante,

978. Such a claim is utterly unsupported. Glossip initially based this
accusation on "handwritten notes" found in a copy of Smothermon's letter
to Sneed's attorney, which Glossip claimed were instructions from Smoth-
ermon on what Sneed was to say at trial. See Pet. for Cert. in No. 22 -- 
6500, p. 20. But, Glossip now concedes that those notes came from
Sneed's attorney, not Smothermon. Brief for Petitioner 13,. Despite
this concession, the majority asserts that Smothermon acted improperly
when she stated at trial that, although she had spoken with Sneed's attor-
ney, she had never before heard him claim that he had attempted to stab
Van Treese in the chest. Ante, at 251 -- 252, ). The majority offers no evidence to suggest that this
statement was false. Yet, it insists on deeming Smothermon's conduct a
serious ethical breach.
294 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

at 256 -- 258. But, whether Glossip is entitled to a new trial
turns on several unresolved questions of state law that this
Court has no authority to disregard or decide for itself.
And, at the very least, Glossip cannot show that he is entitled
to relief without an evidentiary hearing.

A
Even if the majority is correct that this Court has jurisdic-
tion and that the OCCA misapplied Napue, the appropriate
remedy is to remand for further proceedings. This Court
has no authority to order a new trial.

1
This Court cannot order a new trial unless federal law re-
quired the OCCA to do so in the decision below. "It is be-
yond dispute that we do not hold a supervisory power over
the courts of the several States." Dickerson v. United
Page Proof Pending Publication
States, (2000). "Our only power over state
judgments is to correct them to the extent that they incor-
rectly adjudge federal rights." Herb, 324 U. S., at 125 -- 126.
Even when a federal question gives this Court jurisdiction
to review a state-court judgment, "State courts" remain "the
only proper tribunal" for "the decision of questions" in the
case "arising under their local law." Murdock v. Memphis,
20 Wall. 590, 626 (1875). Thus, when a state court's judg-
ment rests on an erroneous interpretation of federal law, this
Court must "either render such judgment here as the State
court should have rendered, or remand the case to that court,
as the circumstances of the case may require." Id., at 636.
It has no authority to order relief that the state court could
legitimately have refused. And, naturally, we cannot deter-
mine what judgment "the State court should have rendered"
if doing so requires resolving questions of state law beyond
our jurisdiction. Id., at 626, 636. In such cases, remand is
the only legitimate disposition. Id., at 636.
 Cite as: (2025) 295

Thomas, J., dissenting

Our customary practice refects these principles. "Nor-
mally the Supreme Court, when reversing a state court judg-
ment, remands the case for proceedings `not inconsistent'
with the Court's opinion. The state court is therefore free
to resolve any undecided questions or even to alter its deter-
mination of underlying state law." W. Baude, J. Goldsmith,
J. Manning, J. Pfander, & A. Tyler, Hart and Wechsler's The
Federal Courts and the Federal System 634 (8th ed. 2025)
(Hart & Wechsler); accord, S. Shapiro, K. Geller, T. Bishop,
E. Hartnett, & D. Himmelfarb, Supreme Court Practice.27, p. 3 -- 94 (11th ed. 2019). The Court usually refrains
from directing a specifc form of relief even when reversing
decisions made on direct appeal of a criminal conviction, with
no apparent issues of state law remaining to be decided.
See, e. g., Counterman v. Colorado, -- 83
(2023); Oklahoma v. Castro-Huerta, (2022);
Hemphill v. New York, (2022).

Page Proof Pending
2 Publication
The Court today instead "remand[s] the case for a new trial."
Ante, at 231. This step would be unusual even on direct
review. In the context of a successive motion for post-
conviction relief in a state-law regime replete with special-
ized procedural requirements, it is without precedent. And,
more importantly, the majority's directive exceeds the limits
on this Court's jurisdiction. For at least three reasons,
state-law questions prevent this Court from holding that the
OCCA should have granted Glossip a new trial below.
First, the majority's jurisdictional holding necessarily
leaves open state-law questions for the OCCA to address on
remand. The Court fnds jurisdiction by invoking the Long
presumption that a state court "reli[es] on federal law" when
it is "insuffciently `clear from the face of the opinion' " that
its decision rests on state law. Ante, at 245. But, the Long presumption is just
296 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

that -- a presumption. When this Court invokes it, state
courts "remai[n] free" to " `reinstat[e] their prior judgments
after clarifying their reliance on state grounds.' " Arizona
v. Evans, and (1995); see also Kansas v.
Carr, (2016) (Sotomayor, J., dissenting)
(recognizing that, when this Court relies on the Long pre-
sumption, the "lower court is able to reinstate its holding as
a matter of state law"). "Even when the Supreme Court
does review an ambiguous decision and reverses on the fed-
eral issue, the state courts retain the power on remand to
consider independent state-law grounds and, indeed, to rely
on such grounds in reinstating their initial judgment. "
Hart & Wechsler 672. The OCCA is therefore entitled to
clarify that it meant to invoke 's bar on subsequent
applications even accepting the majority's Napue analysis.
The majority's contrary directive ignores settled law.
This error is no mere technical violation. It erases an es-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sential component of the Long presumption, which is meant
to "preserve the integrity of federal law" and to "provide
state judges with a clearer opportunity to develop state ju-
risprudence unimpeded by federal interference." 463 U. S.,
at 1041. Presuming a federal basis for ambiguous decisions
ensures that States cannot evade federal review by obfusca-
tion. At the same time, allowing for clarifcation on remand
preserves state courts' freedom to develop and apply their
own law as they see ft. We have even said that reversing
under the Long presumption makes state courts "freer" to
develop their own law because they can do so while "disa-
bused of [an] erroneous view of what the United States Con-
stitution requires." Evans, 514 U. S., at 8. In contrast,
under the majority's approach, ambiguity in the decision
below gives this Court license to vaporize any independent
state grounds that it does not like, no matter how clearly
they ought to apply as a matter of state law. This sort of
federal power grab dishonors our dual system of state and
federal courts.
 Cite as: (2025) 297

Thomas, J., dissenting

Second, even setting aside (8), there are several
potential independent state-law grounds for denying relief
that the OCCA has not yet considered. Where there is "a
possible adequate and independent state ground" for the de-
cision below that "was not addressed by the state court,"
"the state court may address th[e] question on remand."
California v. Ramos, -- 998, (1983).
Indeed, the "settled rule" is that "the Supreme Court will
remand to permit the state court to resolve the unde-
termined state law issue." Hart & Wechsler 655. "The
state court remains free to reinstate its prior judgment
on that state-law ground." Ibid. (collecting cases of re-
instatement); see also Smith v. Texas, (2007) (Alito, J., dissenting) ("[I]n cases in which this
Court has reversed a state-court decision based on a pos-
sible federal constitutional violation, it is not uncommon for
the state court on remand to reinstate the same judgment
Page Proof Pending Publication
on state-law grounds" (collecting cases)). Here, several
potential grounds for reinstating the decision below are
apparent.
To begin, the alleged Napue violation may be harmless
under the PCPA's prejudice standard. See (2).
Below, the OCCA recognized that this standard required
Glossip to prove that preventing the errors he alleged
"would have changed the outcome" of the trial. 529 P. 3d,
at 224; see (2). In its confession of error, the State
also agreed that "Glossip needs to show... that the outcome
of the trial would have been different." 3 App. 976 ). The OCCA had no occasion to consider this
standard, however, because it concluded that any false testi-
mony would have been immaterial under the federal no-
reasonable-probability standard. See 529 P. 3d, at 227.
The Court today applies that standard and disagrees. Ante,
at 248 -- 252. But, no court has yet applied (2)'s
higher -- and concededly applicable -- standard. The OCCA
should have the chance to do so on remand.
298 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

In addition, in the proceedings below, only the State ar-
gued that there was a Napue violation, and it is unclear
whether the State can raise a claim on a defendant's behalf.
See (assuming that an "application for postconvic-
tion relief " comes from "a defendant"). Nor is it clear that
the State timely raised its Napue objection. State law re-
quired Glossip to fle his application within 60 days of the
State's disclosure of Box 8. See OCCA Rule 9.7(G)(3).
Glossip met that deadline. The State did not. See 3 App.
973 (response dated 69 days after disclosure of Box 8).
Thus, any Napue claim is at least arguably untimely. And,
there may be more state-law issues for the OCCA to consider
of which we are unaware simply because we are unfamiliar
with Oklahoma's highly specialized post-conviction
procedure.
Third, even if state law does not bar Glossip's Napue claim
entirely, state law appears not to authorize a new trial as the
Page Proof Pending Publication
remedy for a violation at this stage. Cf. Price v. Georgia,
(1970) (remanding after fnding petitioner's
conviction unconstitutional because petitioner's precise rem-
edy turned "upon the construction of several Georgia stat-
utes and on the power of Georgia courts to fashion remedial
orders" "under Georgia law"). The PCPA authorizes only
two dispositions of a capital post-conviction application when
it is frst fled with the OCCA: denial, or remand to the trial
court for a merits determination. (4) and (5).
The OCCA has made clear that the Act does not authorize
vacating the applicant's conviction or sentence at that initial
stage, for "affdavits and evidentiary materials fled in sup-
port of a post-conviction application are not part of the trial
record but are only part of the capital post-conviction rec-
ord." Slaughter v. State, 2005 OK CR 2, ¶11, 105 P. 3d 832,
835. "As such, those affdavits and evidentiary materials are
not reviewed on their merits but are reviewed... `[t]o deter-
mine if a threshold showing is met to require a review on
 Cite as: (2025) 299

Thomas, J., dissenting

the merits.' " Ibid. (1)(a); em-
phasis added).
In this respect, the OCCA's initial review of capital post-
conviction proceedings is analogous to AEDPA's procedure
for second and successive federal habeas petitions. Before
an applicant can proceed with such a petition, he must frst
fle a motion for authorization in the court of appeals. 28
U. S. C. (3)(A). If the applicant makes a prima facie
showing that he satisfes the special requirements for second
and successive petitions, the court of appeals authorizes pro-
ceedings in the district court. (3)(C). But, if the
applicant fails to make a prima facie showing, the court of
appeals denies authorization, and the proceedings end. No
matter how strong the applicant's ultimate claim, the court
of appeals cannot grant habeas relief at that stage; only a
district court may do so. For the same reason, it makes no
sense to say that no "further evidentiary proceedings" are
warranted because the OCCA "agree[d]" they are unneces-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sary. Ante, at 256. The OCCA's authority to deny relief
without a hearing does not imply corresponding authority to
summarily grant relief.
In short, multiple state-law issues foreclose this Court
from holding that the OCCA "should have rendered" a "judg-
ment" ordering a new trial. Murdock, 20 Wall., at 636.
The Court therefore has no authority to order one itself.

3
The majority insists that "Glossip is entitled to a new trial"
simply because "this Court has jurisdiction" and "[a] new
trial is the remedy for a Napue violation." Ante, at 258.
This response overlooks, however, that "States may apply
their own neutral procedural rules to federal claims." How-
lett v. Rose, (1990). Here, Glossip seeks
post-conviction relief under Oklahoma's PCPA. See
; supra, at 277 -- 279. Under that Act, a new trial is not
300 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

the remedy for a Napue violation unless Glossip also satisfes
certain procedural requirements and unless his case frst pro-
ceeds to a merits hearing before a state trial court. See
(4); Slaughter, 105 P. 3d, at 835.
For similar reasons, the majority's reliance on Ake v. Okla-
homa, (1985), in which this Court reversed the
OCCA and remanded for a new trial, id., at 73 -- 74, 87, is
misplaced. See ante, at 258. The asserted state ground in
that case was a "waiver rule" with an established exception
for "federal constitutional errors." 470 U. S., at 74 -- 75. In
other words, the waiver rule turned on "whether federal con-
stitutional error ha[d] been committed." Id., at 75. Thus,
it was perfectly clear that the rule there could not supply an
independent ground for denying a federal constitutional
claim. And, because the case arose on direct review, id., at
73 -- 74, the Court could also have confdence that no other
state ground could support the decision below, and therefore
Page Proof Pending Publication
that the petitioner was legally entitled to a new trial. Here,
by contrast, the Court has found jurisdiction only by apply-
ing the Long presumption; the case arises from a subsequent
post-conviction application in a complex state-law regime
that imposes numerous procedural bars; there are several
state grounds that could foreclose relief entirely; and the
OCCA issued the decision below in a preliminary posture in
which it was not authorized to order a new trial. Further,
although the new-trial order in Ake was legally defensible,
it was still a signifcant departure from ordinary practice,
which is to remand for further proceedings even on direct
review. See supra, at 294 -- 295.
The majority further insists that no "precedent" requires
a remand based on the Long presumption. Ante, at 257. It
claims that at most this Court has recognized the power of
state courts to " `grant relief to criminal defendants' " under
state law after erroneously granting relief under federal law.
Ibid. That assertion is incorrect. Evans recognized state
 Cite as: (2025) 301

Thomas, J., dissenting

courts' power to reinstate their judgments after reversal as
part of a general discussion of the Long presumption. See
514 U. S., at 7 -- 9. Its reasoning was not confned to the spe-
cifc context of a state court granting relief to a criminal
defendant. Similarly, treatise writers have recognized that
state courts can reinstate their judgments whenever this
Court "review[s] an ambiguous decision." Hart & Wechsler
672. And, more fundamentally, when this Court asserts ju-
risdiction based on the Long presumption, "we merely as-
sume that there are no [adequate and independent state]
grounds" justifying the decision below; we do not conclu-
sively decide that none exists. 463 U. S., at 1042. Without a defnitive ruling that no independent
state ground bars ordering a new trial, we cannot hold that
ordering a new trial is the "judgment" that "the State court
should have rendered." Murdock, 20 Wall., at 636. The
majority cannot have it both ways. If it wants to rely on
the Long presumption to fnd jurisdiction, it must accept the
Page Proof Pending Publication
limitations that the presumption entails.

4
Finally, the majority asserts that Glossip is presently enti-
tled to a new trial, because, under Oklahoma law, a conces-
sion that an error occurred at trial renders irrelevant all
other legal obstacles to a new trial. Ante, at 256 -- 257. As
I have already explained, the precedents cited by the Court
do not support that proposition; they establish only that
courts have an independent duty to assess confessed errors
for themselves, which is nearly the opposite of the majority's
point. Supra, at 284 -- 285. To make matters even more im-
plausible, the Court apparently interprets this principle to
mean that a confession of error transforms a nonmerits pre-
liminary proceeding into a merits proceeding where the
OCCA can directly order ultimate relief. And, more impor-
tantly, it is for the OCCA to decide whether state law ent-
302 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

tles Glossip to a new trial at this time, and it is absurd to
think that the only conclusion the OCCA could reach is the
majority's.
B
Even if we could blind ourselves to the foregoing proce-
dural issues, Glossip would still be entitled to no more than
an evidentiary hearing on his Napue claim. The Court says
that the facts "supported by the record establish a violation
of Napue," as though it were a trial court making fndings
after an evidentiary hearing. Ante, at 258. That approach
cannot possibly be right. The PCPA envisions that further
proceedings are necessary if there are "controverted, pre-
viously unresolved factual issues." (5). On this
record, I do not see how one could conclude that there is not
even a genuine issue of fact as to whether a Napue claim
has been established -- especially considering that Glossip
himself recognized below that, without further discovery,
Page Proof Pending Publication
his claims rested on "speculation." Motion for Evidentiary
Hearing, at 1 -- 2.
Concluding that no new factual development is needed is
particularly inappropriate given the alternative reading of
the notes advanced by the Van Treese family in this Court.
As discussed above, the family has argued that the supposed
"smoking gun" -- the notes from Box 8 -- in fact refects
Sneed's recollection of what defense counsel had asked him at
two prior meetings. Supra, at 273 -- 275, and. Smother-
mon and Ackley have likewise endorsed this interpretation,
which casts serious doubt on Glossip's and the State's theory.
Ibid. If Sneed simply reported that he was asked about Dr.
Trombka without admitting Dr. Trombka prescribed him
lithium, Smothermon and Ackley would have had no reason
to know that Dr. Trombka prescribed him lithium. And, the
indication in Ackley's notes that Sneed apparently mentioned
his " `tooth' " being " `pulled' " suggests that Sneed stood by
his earlier story that he was mistakenly prescribed lithium
 Cite as: (2025) 303

Thomas, J., dissenting

when his tooth was pulled. 3 App. 940; see 2 id., at 700
(Sneed's earlier statement).
Given the existence of a plausible alternative interpreta-
tion of the evidence, I would not order a new trial at this
time even if we had discretion to do so. To the extent the
Court insists it cannot endorse the family's theory because
it relies on "extra-record materials not properly before the
Court," ante, at 254, such as parts of Ackley's notes, that is
because the parties collusively excluded this highly relevant
evidence from the record in order to reach a predetermined
outcome. The majority rewards this gamesmanship, and in
so doing denies the victim's family the opportunity to present
contrary evidence.
The "Government should turn square corners in dealing
with the people." St. Regis Paper Co. v. United States, (1961) (Black, J., dissenting). That command
extends not only to criminal defendants, but also to their
Page Proof Pending Publication
victims. "[C]onducting retrials years later inficts substan-
tial pain on crime victims," who must "relive their trauma
and testify again," in this case 28 "years after the crim[e]
occurred. " Edwards v. Vannoy, -- 264
(2021). The Oklahoma Constitution recognizes this interest
by giving crime victims like the Van Treese family the
right -- "which shall be protected by law in a manner no less
vigorous than the rights afforded to the accused" -- "to be
heard in any proceeding involving release, plea, sentencing,
disposition, parole and any proceeding during which a right
of the victim is implicated." Art. II,. Glossip, on
the other hand, would suffer no prejudice from an eviden-
tiary hearing in which the Van Treese family had the oppor-
tunity to present its case. If the evidence is as decisive as
the majority believes, Glossip would still receive a new trial.
There is no excuse for denying the Van Treese family its day
in court.
After having bent the law at every turn to grant relief to
Glossip, the Court suddenly retreats to faux formalism when
304 GLOSSIP v. OKLAHOMA

Thomas, J., dissenting

dealing with the victim's family. The Court concludes that
it need not honor the family's right to be heard because the
family did not request an evidentiary hearing earlier in the
proceedings. Ante, at 256,. But, the family had no
need to do so, since Glossip had conceded that "a hearing is
necessary" for his claim to rise above the level of "specula-
tion." Motion for Evidentiary Hearing, at 2. And, before
this Court, the Van Treese family has vigorously asserted its
interests. The family fled the only brief opposing certiorari
in this case. See Brief for Victim Family Members et al. as
Amici Curiae in Opposition. It fled a merits brief high-
lighting critical evidence that the parties sought to sweep
under the rug. See supra, at 273 -- 275, and. And, it
fled a motion to participate in oral argument, which this
Court denied. (2024). The majority's asser-
tion that the family has sat on its rights is groundless. Nor
is there any reason to believe that Oklahoma victims' right
to be heard in "any proceeding," Art. II, contains an
Page Proof Pending Publication
implicit exception for "post-conviction hearings," ante, at
256,. Finally, even if the family had no formal right to
be heard, any reasonable factfnder plainly could consider the
account of the evidence that the family has brought to light,
making the majority's procedural objections beside the point.
Make no mistake: The majority is choosing to cast aside the
family's interests. I would not.
* * *
The Court's decision distorts our jurisdiction, imagines a
constitutional violation where none occurred, and abandons
basic principles governing the disposition of state-court ap-
peals. I respectfully dissent.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 229, line 26: "157 P. 3d 143" is changed to "529 P. 3d 218"
p. 251, line 4: "that" is inserted before "Sneed"
p. 258, line 4: "state" is inserted before "constitutional"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 2
Pages 693 -- 711

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
April 17, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 693

Syllabus

CUNNINGHAM et al. v. CORNELL UNIVERSITY
et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the second circuit
No. 23 -- 1007. Argued January 22, 2025 -- Decided April 17, 2025
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) prohibits
plan fduciaries from causing a plan to engage in certain transactions
with parties in interest. 29 U. S. C.. A separate provision,
(2)(A), exempts from these prohibitions any transaction that
involves "[c]ontracting or making reasonable arrangements with a party
in interest for offce space, or legal, accounting, or other services neces-
sary for the establishment or operation of the plan, if no more than
reasonable compensation is paid therefor." The question presented is
whether, to state a claim under, a plaintiff must plead that
(2)(A) does not apply to an alleged prohibited transaction.
Petitioners represent a class of current and former Cornell University
employees who participated in two defned-contribution retirement
Page Proof Pending Publication
plans from 2010 to 2016. In 2017, they sued Cornell and other plan
fduciaries for allegedly causing the plans to engage in prohibited trans-
actions for recordkeeping services with the Teachers Insurance and An-
nuity Association of America-College Retirement Equities Fund and
Fidelity Investments Inc., in violation of (1)(C). Petitioners
claimed the plans paid these service providers substantially more than
reasonable recordkeeping fees. The District Court dismissed the
prohibited-transaction claim, and the Second Circuit affrmed. The
Second Circuit held that (2)(A) is incorporated into 's
prohibitions, requiring plaintiffs to plead that a transaction was "unnec-
essary or involved unreasonable compensation" to survive a motion to
dismiss. 86 F. 4th 961, 975.
Held: To state a claim under (1)(C), a plaintiff need only plausibly
allege the elements contained in that provision itself, without address-
ing potential exemptions. Pp. 700 -- 709.
(a) Section 1106(a)(1)(C) contains three elements: It prohibits fduci-
aries from (1) "caus[ing a] plan to engage in a transaction" (2) that the
fduciary "knows or should know... constitutes a direct or indirect...
furnishing of goods, services, or facilities" (3) "between the plan and a
party in interest." Its bar is categorical and does not remove from its
scope transactions that were necessary or involved reasonable compen-
sation. The exemptions in do not impose additional pleading re-
694 CUNNINGHAM v. CORNELL UNIV.

Syllabus

quirements for (1) claims. When a statute has "exemptions
laid out apart from the prohibitions," and the exemptions "expressly
refe[r] to the prohibited conduct as such," the exemptions ordinarily
constitute "affrmative defense[s]" that are "entirely the responsibility
of the party raising" them. Meacham v. Knolls Atomic Power Labora-
tory, 95. Like the exemptions at issue in Meacham,
the exemptions are structured as affrmative defenses that must
be pleaded and proved by defendants who seek to beneft from them.
Pp. 700 -- 702.
(b) Respondents' contrary arguments are unpersuasive. First, the
"[e]xcept as provided in section 1108" language in does not
incorporate exemptions as elements of violations. That
reading ignores that Congress wrote the exemptions "in the or-
thodox format of an affrmative defense" separate from the prohibitions.
Meacham, 554 U. S., at 102. The headings of the sections, "Prohibited
transactions" for and "Exemptions from prohibited transactions"
for, confrm this understanding. Respondents also fail to explain
why some but not all exemptions should be treated as elements
of claims. Yet requiring plaintiffs to plead and disprove all
potentially relevant exemptions would be impractical, given that
there are 21 statutory exemptions and hundreds of regulatory exemp-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tions. Pp. 703 -- 706.
(c) Respondents' reliance on United States v. Cook, 17 Wall. 168, is
misplaced. Cook established a "rule of criminal pleading" based on con-
stitutional considerations not present in the civil context. United
States v. Reese,. Even in criminal cases, it remains
settled that " `an indictment or other pleading... need not negative the
matter of an exception made by a proviso or other distinct clause.' "
Dixon v. United States,. Pp. 706 -- 707.
(d) Finally, respondents' practical concerns about meritless litigation
cannot overcome the statutory text and structure. District courts have
various tools at their disposal to screen out meritless claims, including
requiring plaintiffs to fle a reply addressing exemptions under Federal
Rule of Civil Procedure 7(a), dismissing claims that fail to identify a
concrete injury under Article III, limiting discovery, imposing Rule 11
sanctions, and ordering cost shifting under (1). Pp. 707 -- 709.
86 F. 4th 961, reversed and remanded.

Sotomayor, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Alito, J.,
fled a concurring opinion, in which Thomas and Kavanaugh, JJ., joined,
post, p. 709.
 Cite as: (2025) 695

Opinion of the Court

Xiao Wang argued the cause for petitioners. With him
on the briefs were Jerome J. Schlichter and Sean E. Soyars.
Yaira Dubin argued the cause for the United States as
amicus curiae urging reversal. With her on the brief were
Solicitor General Prelogar, Deputy Solicitor General
Kneedler, Wayne R. Berry, and Jeffrey M. Hahn.
Nicole A. Saharsky argued the cause for respondents.
With her on the brief were Minh Nguyen-Dang, Carmen
Longoria-Green, Nancy G. Ross, and Michael A. Scodro.*

Justice Sotomayor delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
(ERISA), 88 Stat. 829, as amended, 29 U. S. C. et seq.,
prohibits ERISA plan fduciaries from causing a plan to
enter into certain transactions with parties in interest.. A separate part of the statute, (2)(A), ex-
empts from 's prohibitions any transaction that in-
Page Proof Pending Publication
volves "[c]ontracting or making reasonable arrangements
with a party in interest for offce space, or legal, accounting,
or other services necessary for the establishment or opera-
tion of the plan, if no more than reasonable compensation
is paid therefor." The question presented is whether, to
state a claim under, a plaintiff must plead that

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for AARP et al. by
Louis Lopez and William Alvarado Rivera; for the American Association
for Justice by Robert S. Peck and Jeffrey R. White; for the Pension Rights
Center by John Nestico; and for Quinn Curtis et al. by Gregory Y. Porter
and Mark G. Boyko.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for AT&T Services,
Inc., et al. by Allyson N. Ho, Ashley E. Johnson, Stephen J. Hammer,
David W. Casazza, and Robert A. Batista; for the American Benefts Coun-
cil et al. by Meaghan VerGow and Deanna M. Rice; for the American
Council on Education et al. by Jessica L. Ellsworth; for the Chamber of
Commerce of the United States of America et al. by Jaime A. Santos,
James O. Fleckner, Jordan Bock, Erica T. Klenicki, and Michael A. Tilgh-
man II; and for Encore Fiduciary by Jed W. Glickstein.
696 CUNNINGHAM v. CORNELL UNIV.

Opinion of the Court

(2)(A) does not apply to an alleged transaction be-
tween a plan and a party in interest. The answer is no.
The Court holds that sets out affrmative defenses, so
it is defendant fduciaries who bear the burden of pleading
and proving that a exemption applies to an otherwise
prohibited transaction under.

I
A
Congress enacted ERISA to "protect... the interests of
participants in employee beneft plans and their benefciar-
ies.". It did so by "establishing standards of con-
duct, responsibility, and obligation for fduciaries of employee
beneft plans, and by providing for appropriate remedies,
sanctions, and ready access to the Federal courts." Ibid.
To that end, every ERISA plan must have at least one named
fduciary with authority to control and manage the operation
Page Proof Pending Publication
and administration of the plan. See (1); see also
(A) ("[A] person is a fduciary with respect to a plan
to the extent... he exercises any discretionary authority or
discretionary control respecting management of such plan or
exercises any authority or control respecting management or
disposition of its assets").
ERISA subjects plan fduciaries to certain fduciary duties
derived from the common law of trusts. See ; Cen-
tral States, Southeast & Southwest Areas Pension Fund v.
Central Transport, Inc., (1985). One is
the duty of loyalty, which requires plan fduciaries to act
"solely in the interest of the [plan's] participants and benef-
ciaries." (1)(A). Among other things, the duty of
loyalty requires the fduciary to "deal fairly and honestly
with benefciaries," Varity Corp. v. Howe, 
(1996) ), so as "to en-
sure that a plan receives all funds to which it is entitled,"
Central Transport, 472 U. S., at 571.
 Cite as: (2025) 697

Opinion of the Court

Section 1106 "supplements the fduciary's general duty of
loyalty to the plan's benefciaries... by categorically barring
certain transactions deemed `likely to injure the pension
plan.' " Harris Trust and Sav. Bank v. Salomon Smith
Barney Inc., -- 242 (2000) ). Specifcally, (1) states that, "[e]xcept as
provided in section 1108," a fduciary "shall not cause the
plan to engage" in certain transactions with a "party in in-
terest." 1 The Act, in turn, defnes " `party in interest' " to
include various plan insiders, including the plan's administra-
tor, sponsor, and its offcers, as well as entities "providing
services to [the] plan.". This case concerns the
prohibited transaction set out in (1)(C), which bars
a fduciary from "caus[ing] the plan to engage in a transac-
tion, if he knows or should know that such transaction consti-
tutes a direct or indirect... furnishing of goods, services, or
facilities between the plan and a party in interest."
Page Proof Pending Publication
Section 1108 separately enumerates 21 exemptions to
those prohibited transactions. Relevant here is 
(2)(A), which exempts from (1)(C) any transaction
that involves "[c]ontracting or making reasonable arrange-
ments with a party in interest for offce space, or legal, ac-
counting, or other services necessary for the establishment
or operation of the plan, if no more than reasonable compen-
sation is paid therefor." (2)(A).

B
Respondent Cornell University is the named administrator
for two defned-contribution retirement plans.2 Cornell em-
1
Section 1106 also prohibits certain transactions between plans and the
fduciaries who manage them. See.
2
The facts that follow are from petitioners' operative complaint. Be-
cause this case comes to the Court on review of respondents' motion to
dismiss that complaint, the Court accepts petitioners' allegations as true.
See Hughes v. Northwestern Univ., (2022).
698 CUNNINGHAM v. CORNELL UNIV.

Opinion of the Court

ployees maintain individual investment accounts within
those plans, the value of which "is determined by the market
performance of employee and employer contributions, less
expenses." Tibble v. Edison Int'l, (2015).
Those expenses include fees paid to service providers.
In 2011, Cornell retained the Teachers Insurance and An-
nuity Association of America-College Retirement Equities
Fund (TIAA) and Fidelity Investments Inc. (Fidelity).
TIAA and Fidelity offered investment options to plan partic-
ipants and served as recordkeepers for the retirement plans
by tracking account balances and providing account state-
ments. Cornell compensated TIAA and Fidelity with fees
from a set portion of plan assets.
Petitioners represent a class of current and former Cornell
employees who participated in the plans from 2010 to 2016.
In 2017, they sued Cornell and other plan fduciaries alleging,
as relevant here, that respondents violated (1)(C) by
Page Proof Pending Publication
causing the plans to engage in prohibited transactions for
recordkeeping services. "[B]ecause TIAA and Fidelity are
service providers and hence parties in interest," petitioners
argued, "their furnishing of recordkeeping and administra-
tive services to the [p]lans is a prohibited transaction unless
Cornell proves an exemption." 86 F. 4th 961, 978 (CA2
2023) (internal quotation marks and alterations omitted).
The plans, according to petitioners, also paid TIAA and Fi-
delity more than a reasonable recordkeeping fee. A reason-
able fee (petitioners allege) would be approximately $35 per
participant per year, but instead the plans paid between $115
to $183 per participant for one plan and $145 to $200 per
participant for the other. Ibid.
Respondents moved to dismiss the prohibited-transaction
claim, and the District Court granted their motion. The
court held that a plaintiff, in addition to pleading the
prohibited-transaction elements contained within 
(1)(C), must also allege "some evidence of self-dealing or
other disloyal conduct." 2017 WL 4358769, *10 (SDNY,
 Cite as: (2025) 699

Opinion of the Court

Sept. 29, 2017). Finding that petitioners failed to do so, the
District Court dismissed their (1)(C) claim.
The Second Circuit affrmed, but did so on a different
ground. It concluded that "the language of (1) can-
not be read to demand explicit allegations of `self-dealing or
disloyal conduct.' " 86 F. 4th, at 975. The Court of Appeals
further observed, however, that (1)(C), if read "in
isolation," "would appear to prohibit payments by a plan to
any entity providing it with any services." Id., at 973.
Other Courts of Appeals determined that such a reading
would lead to " `absurd results,' " the Second Circuit noted,
because it would seemingly " `prohibit fduciaries from pay-
ing third parties to perform essential services in support of
a plan.' " Ibid.
Thus, to limit the reach of (1)(C), the Second Cir-
cuit held the exemptions to 's prohibited transac-
tions contained in imposed additional pleading re-
quirements. The exemptions, the court reasoned,
Page Proof Pending Publication
cannot "be understood merely as affrmative defenses to the
conduct proscribed in." Id., at 975. Rather, in the
Second Circuit's view, "at least some of those exemptions -- 
particularly, the exemption for reasonable and necessary
transactions codifed by (2)(A) -- are incorporated
into 's prohibitions," meaning a plaintiff must af-
frmatively plead them to survive a motion to dismiss. Ibid.
In other words, a plaintiff alleging a prohibited transaction
under (1)(C) must also allege "that [the] transaction
was unnecessary or involved unreasonable compensation."
Id., at 975 (1)(C), 1108(b)(2)(A); emphasis
deleted). Concluding that petitioners had not done so,
the Court of Appeals affrmed the dismissal of their
(1)(C) claim.3 In reaching that conclusion, the Sec-
3
Although petitioners alleged that respondents paid more than a "reason-
able" fee for TIAA and Fidelity's recordkeeping services, see supra, at 698,
the Second Circuit rejected that allegation as insuffcient, reasoning that "it
is not enough to allege that the fees were higher than some theoretical
700 CUNNINGHAM v. CORNELL UNIV.

Opinion of the Court

ond Circuit split from the Eighth Circuit, which has held that
no additional pleading requirements beyond (1)
apply to prohibited-transaction claims. See Braden v. Wal-
Mart Stores, Inc., 588 F. 3d 585, 600 -- 602 (CA8 2009).
This Court granted certiorari to decide whether a plaintiff
can state a claim for relief by simply alleging that a plan
fduciary engaged in a transaction proscribed by 
(1)(C), or whether a plaintiff must plead allegations that dis-
prove the applicability of the (2)(A) exemption. (2024). The Court concludes that plaintiffs need
do no more than plead a violation of (1)(C), and we
therefore reverse.
II
Section 1106(a)(1)(C) contains three elements. It prohib-
its fduciaries from (1) "caus[ing a] plan to engage in a trans-
action" (2) that the fduciary "knows or should know...
constitutes a direct or indirect... furnishing of goods, serv-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ices, or facilities" (3) "between the plan and a party in inter-
est." Section 1106(a)(1)(C)'s bar is categorical: Any transac-
tion that satisfes its three elements is presumptively
unlawful. Nothing in that section removes from its categor-
ical bar transactions that were necessary for the plan or
involved reasonable compensation. Accordingly, under
(1)(C), plaintiffs need only plausibly allege each of
those elements of a prohibited-transaction claim.

alternative service." 86 F. 4th, at 978. Whether respondents paid an
unreasonable fee, the court explained, turned on the nature of the services
TIAA and Fidelity provided, as "it is not unreasonable to pay more for
superior services." Ibid. The Court of Appeals thus affrmed the dis-
missal of petitioners' (1)(C) claim because (in its view) petitioners
"failed to allege any facts going to the relative quality of the recordkeep-
ing services provided, let alone facts that would suggest the fees were `so
disproportionately large' that they `could not have been the product of
arm's-length bargaining.' " Id., at 978 -- 979 ).
 Cite as: (2025) 701

Opinion of the Court

The exemptions set forth in a different part of the statute, do not impose additional pleading requirements to
make out a (1) claim. See (prohibiting cer-
tain transactions between the plan and a party in interest
"[e]xcept as provided in section 1108"). There is a well-
settled "general rule of statutory construction that the bur-
den of proving justifcation or exemption under a special ex-
ception to the prohibitions of a statute generally rests on one
who claims its benefts." FTC v. Morton Salt Co., -- 45 (1948). In particular, when a statute has "exemp-
tions laid out apart from the prohibitions," and the exemp-
tions "expressly refe[r] to the prohibited conduct as such,"
the exemptions ordinarily constitute "affrmative defense[s]"
that are "entirely the responsibility of the party raising"
them. Meacham v. Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory, 95 (2008). That describes exactly how ERISA
is structured: The exemptions to prohibited trans-
Page Proof Pending Publication
actions are enumerated separately in, and rec-
ognizes that the substantive "prohibitions" are "provided in
section 1106" of the statute..
This Court's decision in Meacham is instructive. At issue
there were the Age Discrimination in Employment Act's
general prohibitions on age discrimination, -- (c), (e),
which "are subject to a separate provision, [that] cre-
at[es] exemptions for employer practices `otherwise prohib-
ited under subsectio[n] (a), (b), (c), or (e).' " 554 U. S., at 91.
Like (2)(A), the exemption in Meacham
shielded defendants from liability if the challenged conduct
was "reasonable." Compare (2)(A) with (1).
Given Congress's structural choice to place the prohibited
conduct and the relevant exemptions in different statutory
provisions, this Court deemed it "no surprise" that the ex-
emptions presented " `affrmative defenses.' " Id., at 91.
Accordingly, Meacham held that the ADEA assigned to de-
fendants both the burden to "produce evidence raising the
702 CUNNINGHAM v. CORNELL UNIV.

Opinion of the Court

defense" of reasonableness and the burden to "persuade the
factfnder of its merit." Id., at 87.
The same is true of ERISA. Like the exemptions at issue
in Meacham, the exemptions are "writ[ten] in the or-
thodox format of an affrmative defense." Id., at 102. Un-
derstood as affrmative defenses, the exemptions must
be pleaded and proved by the defendant who seeks to beneft
from them. See Taylor v. Sturgell, (2008)
("Ordinarily, it is incumbent on the defendant to plead and
prove [an affrmative] defense"). A plaintiff need only allege
the three elements within (1)(C), notwithstanding
the potential applicability of a exemption, because an
"affrmative defense" is "not something the plaintiff must an-
ticipate and negate in her pleading." Perry v. Merit Sys-
tems Protection Bd., (2017); see also
Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 8(c) (requiring defendants, "[i]n respond-
ing to a pleading," to "affrmatively state any... affrma-
tive defense").
Page Proof Pending Publication
Of course, a plaintiff will not prevail by simply pleading,
and later proving, the elements. If a defendant es-
tablishes that a exemption applies, the (1)(C)
claim will ultimately fail. As relevant here, this means that
if respondents establish that a transaction prohibited under
(1)(C) was for "services necessary for the... opera-
tion of the plan" and "no more than reasonable compensation
[was] paid therefor," (2)(A), they cannot be held lia-
ble for causing the plan to enter into the transaction. At the
pleading stage, however, it suffces for a plaintiff plausibly to
allege the three elements set forth in (1)(C).4
4
In some circumstances, principles from the common law of trusts can
help inform this Court's interpretation of ERISA. See Varity Corp. v.
Howe, (1996); accord, LaRue v. DeWolff, Boberg & Asso-
ciates, Inc., (2008) ("[T]he common law of trusts... informs our interpretation of ERISA's fduciary duties"). Here, those
principles would have been consistent with the Court's holding, insofar as
trustees were "under a duty to the benefciary not to delegate to others
the doing of acts which the trustee can reasonably be required personally
to perform." Restatement (Second) of Trusts, p. 373 (1957) (bold-
 Cite as: (2025) 703

Opinion of the Court

III
A
Against this backdrop, respondents nevertheless insist
that (1)(C) is best read to incorporate as an element
the exception set out in (2)(A) and that ERISA
plaintiffs must therefore plead and prove the exemption's in-
applicability. To support that construction, they highlight
that begins by stating that its prohibitions apply
"[e]xcept as provided in section 1108." That proviso, they
contend, shows that (1)(C) and (2)(A) to-
gether defne a prohibited transaction, such that plaintiffs
bear the burden of pleading and proving the elements in
both provisions.
This alternative reading of the statute suffers from several
faws. For one, it ignores that Congress wrote the 
exemptions "in the orthodox format of an affrmative de-
fense," with the exemptions "laid out apart" from the prohi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
bitions in separate statutory provisions. Meacham, 554
U. S., at 91, 102. As discussed above, supra, at 700 -- 702, that
structural decision forecloses respondents' argument.
face deleted). A trustee could nonetheless delegate certain duties to an
agency only upon a showing that "the agent's employment was necessary,
that the trustee entered into a reasonable contract of employment with
the agent, and that the agent rendered services to the trust." A. Hess,
G. Bogert, & G. Bogert, Law of Trusts and Trustees, p. 48 (3d ed.
2024). Critically, the common law of trusts "placed the burden squarely
on the trustee" to make that showing. Ibid. The Court's opinion does
not rest on the common law of trusts, however. First, ERISA plans are
suffciently complex so that a question would arise as to whether fduciar-
ies can perform all necessary tasks themselves without plans incurring
greater costs. Second, ERISA allows fduciaries to delegate certain du-
ties, see, e. g., 29 U. S. C. (describing a mechanism "for named
fduciaries to designate persons other than named fduciaries to carry out
fduciary responsibilities"), and requires engaging the services of outside
third parties in certain contexts, see, e. g., (3) (providing that an
administrator of a plan "shall engage... an independent qualifed public
accountant" to conduct examinations of fnancial statements and records).
Third, the text and structure of ERISA establish that fduciaries bear the
burden of pleading and proving 's exemptions.
704 CUNNINGHAM v. CORNELL UNIV.

Opinion of the Court

If there were any remaining doubt, the headings of 
and confrm that it is the former, on its own, that de-
fnes the offense. See Yates v. United States, (2015) (plurality opinion) (" `[T]he title of a statute and
the heading of a section are tools available for the resolution
of a doubt about the meaning of a statute' "). Section 1106's
heading is plain: "Prohibited transactions." (Boldface de-
leted.) Section 1108, meanwhile, reads: "Exemptions from
prohibited transactions." (Boldface deleted.) That Con-
gress chose to label as "exemptions" suggests that,
even if (2)(A) were best understood as an element of
a (1)(C) claim (and not an affrmative defense), the
statute should still be read to place on ERISA defendants
the burden of proving the exemption's applicability. That is
because this Court has held that "the burden of persuasion
as to certain elements of a plaintiff's claim may be shifted to
defendants, when such elements can fairly be characterized
Page Proof Pending Publication
as affrmative defenses or exemptions." Schaffer v. Weast,
(2005).
Structural considerations also weigh against respondents'
reading of (1)(C) and (2)(A). Respondents'
interpretation of the "except as provided" language would
imply that all of the exemptions are incorporated as
elements of every violation. After all, each of the
exemptions is set forth in, and the "[e]xcept as pro-
vided in section 1108" language applies to in its en-
tirety. ; cf. Cyan, Inc. v. Beaver County Employees
Retirement Fund, (2018) (rejecting an in-
terpretation that "cherry pick[ed] from the material covered
by the statutory cross-reference," since "the except clause
points to `section 77p' as a whole -- not to paragraph
77p(f)(2)"). Respondents fail to offer a principled basis for
treating some, but not all, of the exemptions as ele-
ments incorporated into 's prohibitions. Yet Con-
gress intended for to create "per se prohibitions on
transacting with a party in interest." Harris Trust, 530
 Cite as: (2025) 705

Opinion of the Court

U. S., at 252; see id., at 241 -- 242. Incorporating all 21 
exemptions as elements into the otherwise straightforward
prohibitions in would plainly frustrate Congress's
intent to create a "categorica[l]" bar. Keystone, 508 U. S.,
at 160.
Indeed, because, by its terms, sets out per se pro-
hibitions, it would make little sense to put the onus on plain-
tiffs to plead and disprove any potentially relevant separate
exemptions. That burden, moreover, would not be
limited to those statutory exemptions: Beyond the 21 exemp-
tions enumerated in, the Secretary of Labor has pro-
mulgated hundreds of regulatory exemptions pursuant to. See (authorizing the Secretary to "grant a
conditional or unconditional exemption of any fduciary or
transaction, or class of fduciaries or transactions, from all or
part of the restrictions imposed by sectio[n] 1106"); see also
Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 3, and.
Page Proof Pending Publication
When statutory exceptions "are numerous," "fairness usu-
ally requires that the adversary give notice of the particular
exception upon which it relies and therefore that it bear the
burden of pleading." 2 R. Mosteller et al., McCormick on
Evidence, p. 699 (8th ed. 2020); cf. NLRB v. Kentucky
River Community Care, Inc., (2001).
That Congress enumerated 21 separate exceptions and then
authorized the Secretary to add additional classes of ex-
empted transactions thereto only heightens the fairness con-
cern, as respondents' proposed approach would require plain-
tiffs to plead and dispute myriad exceptions before knowing
which of them the defendant will seek to invoke. That
would be especially illogical here, where several of the 
exemptions turn on facts one would expect to be in the fdu-
ciary's possession. See, e. g., (16) (exempting trans-
actions involving the purchase or sale of securities or other
property between a plan and a party in interest, provided
the transaction occurred over certain approved platforms
and complied with applicable rules of the Securities and Ex-
706 CUNNINGHAM v. CORNELL UNIV.

Opinion of the Court

change Commission, the price and compensation refect an
arm's-length transaction, and the plan fduciary received no-
tice of the execution of such transaction through the
approved platform, among other criteria); (19)
(exempting certain prohibited "cross-trading" transactions
based on the satisfaction of nine separate conditions related
to a plan manager's dealings and receipt of information from
an investment manager).
B
Respondents' argument from precedent is similarly un-
availing. Respondents rely on this Court's decision in
United States v. Cook, 17 Wall. 168 (1872), to support their
construction of (2)(A) as an additional element of a
(1)(C) claim. Cook held that, "[w]here a statute de-
fning an offence contains an exception," the pleadings must
allege that the prohibited conduct does not fall within the
exception whenever the exception "is so incorporated with
Page Proof Pending Publication
the language defning the offence that the ingredients of the
offence cannot be accurately and clearly described if the ex-
ception is omitted." Id., at 173. In respondents' telling,
(1)(C) is the kind of statute the Court contemplated
in Cook. Respondents aver that it is routine for service pro-
viders to "perform many necessary and valuable functions
for plan participants and fduciaries," such as "offer[ing] in-
vestment funds and platforms, investment assistance, and
recordkeeping services," as well as "perform[ing] critical ac-
counting and legal functions." Brief for Respondents 11.
Many of those transactions are legal, respondents maintain,
even though they fall within the scope of (1)(C), be-
cause they are "reasonable arrangements" that are "neces-
sary for the... operation of the plan" and involve "rea-
sonable compensation" under (2)(A). Thus, in
respondents' view, (2)(A) is a missing "ingredien[t]"
"incorporated with the language" of a (1)(C) viola-
tion, for the lawfulness of these transactions will often turn
on their necessity and reasonableness. Cook, 17 Wall., at 173.
 Cite as: (2025) 707

Opinion of the Court

Respondents ignore, however, that this Court has said
Cook created a "rule of criminal pleading" for indictments
intended to ensure that defendants have fair notice "of every
fact which is legally essential to the punishment to be in-
ficted." United States v. Reese, (1876) (em-
phasis added). Indeed, Cook "construed" the "constitutional
right `to be informed of the nature and cause of ' " a criminal
accusation. United States v. Cruikshank, -- 
558 (1876). Hence, it rested on constitutional considerations
not present in the civil context. Moreover, the Court has
applied the Cook rule narrowly, such as when an exception
to a criminal offense is contained within the same sentence
of the provision defning the offense. See, e. g., United
States v. Britton, -- 670 (1883); United States
v. Vuitch, -- 68, 70 (1971). Even in the crimi-
nal context, it remains a " `settled rule' " " `that an indictment
or other pleading... need not negative the matter of an
exception made by a proviso or other distinct clause.' "
Page Proof Pending Publication
Dixon v. United States, (2006). Cook is thus
of no help to respondents.
C
Lastly, respondents contend that there will be an avalanche
of meritless litigation if disproving the applicability of
(2)(A) is not treated as a required element of pleading
(1)(C) violations. ERISA plans, after all, often have
thousands of participants and hold millions of dollars in
assets. The "realities of modern trust administration," re-
spondents attest, therefore require fduciaries to transact with
service providers. Brief for Respondents 47; see also Law of
Trusts and Trustees, at 48 (3d ed. 2024) ("[E]xpecting a
trustee to personally perform every single act necessary to
execute a modern trust not only is unreasonable but may not
even be the best way to assure effcient and knowledgable
administration of the trust"). To the extent such transac-
tions fall within the scope of (1)(C), respondents
argue, most would be lawful in light of (2)(A)'s
708 CUNNINGHAM v. CORNELL UNIV.

Opinion of the Court

exemption for "necessary" and "reasonable" transactions.
Yet if plaintiffs must plead only that a transaction barred
by (1)(C)'s plain text occurred, respondents argue,
plaintiffs could too easily get past the motion-to-dismiss
stage and subject defendants to costly and time-intensive
discovery. Such meritless litigation, respondents claim,
would harm the administration of plans and force plan fdu-
ciaries and sponsors to bear most of the associated costs.
These are serious concerns but they cannot overcome the
statutory text and structure. Here, Congress "set the bal-
ance" in "creating [an] exemption and writing it in the ortho-
dox format of an affrmative defense," so the Court must
"read it the way Congress wrote it." Meacham, 554 U. S.,
at 101 -- 102.
To the extent future plaintiffs do bring barebones 
(1)(C) suits, district courts can use existing tools at their dis-
posal to screen out meritless claims before discovery. For
Page Proof Pending Publication
instance, if a fduciary believes an exemption applies to bar
a plaintiff's suit and fles an answer showing as much, Fed-
eral Rule of Civil Procedure 7 empowers district courts to
"insist that the plaintiff" fle a reply " `put[ting] forward spe-
cifc, nonconclusory factual allegations' " showing the exemp-
tion does not apply. Crawford-El v. Britton, (1998); cf. Cole v. Carson, 935 F. 3d 444, 446 (CA5 2019)
("[C]ourts have developed procedures and pretrial practices,
including... a reply to an answer under Rule 7(a) on order
of the district court, particularized to address the defense of
immunity"). Lower courts may then dismiss the suits of
those plaintiffs who cannot plausibly do so. District courts
must also, consistent with Article III standing, dismiss suits
that allege a prohibited transaction occurred but fail to iden-
tify an injury. Cf. Thole v. U. S. Bank N. A., (2020) (explaining that " `Article III standing requires a
concrete injury even in the context of a statutory violation' "
and affrming the dismissal of an ERISA claim because
"plaintiffs... failed to plausibly and clearly allege a concrete
 Cite as: (2025) 709

Alito, J., concurring

injury" ). For (1)(C) claims that do proceed past the
motion to dismiss stage, moreover, district courts retain dis-
cretionary authority to expedite or limit discovery as neces-
sary to mitigate unnecessary costs. Additionally, in cases
where an exemption obviously applies, and a plaintiff and his
counsel lack a good-faith basis to believe otherwise, Rule 11
may permit a district court to impose sanctions against
them. Lastly, it bears mention that ERISA itself gives dis-
trict courts an additional tool to ward off meritless litigation:
cost shifting. See (1) ("[T]he court in its discretion
may allow a reasonable attorney's fee and costs of action to
either party"). District courts therefore have available a
variety of means to address the concerns raised by respond-
ents and the court below.
* * *
The Court today holds that plaintiffs seeking to state a
Page Proof
(1)(C) Pending
claim must Publication
plausibly allege that a plan fdu-
ciary engaged in a transaction proscribed therein, no more,
no less. Plaintiffs are not required to plead and prove that
the myriad exemptions pose no barrier to ultimate
relief. The judgment of the Second Circuit is reversed, and
the case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.
Justice Alito, with whom Justice Thomas and Justice
Kavanaugh join, concurring.
I join all of the opinion of the Court for the simple reason
that 29 U. S. C. sets out affrmative defenses, and it is
black letter law that a plaintiff need not plead affrmative
defenses.1 See Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 8(c); Taylor v. Sturgell,
1
The decision does not rely on the common law of trusts. As the Court
points out, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
(ERISA) departs in important ways from that body of case law; ERISA
710 CUNNINGHAM v. CORNELL UNIV.

Alito, J., concurring

(2008). Here, as the Court points out,
sets out a long list of affrmative defenses, and it would
make no sense to require a complaint to anticipate and at-
tempt to refute all the affrmative defenses that a defendant
might raise.
Unfortunately, this straightforward application of estab-
lished rules has the potential to cause -- and, indeed, I expect
it will cause -- untoward practical results. The administra-
tor of an ERISA plan like the one at issue will almost always
fnd it necessary to employ outside frms to provide services
that the plan needs. When it does so, these outside frms
become " `part[ies] in interest' " under the terms of ERISA,
see (B), and as a result, their provision of services
to the plan is unlawful under unless one of the exemp-
tions in applies. The upshot is that all that a plaintiff
must do in order to fle a complaint that will get by a motion
to dismiss under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) is
Page Proof Pending Publication
to allege that the administrator did something that, as a
practical matter, it is bound to do.
In this case, for example, Cornell set up a plan under which
employees could invest in the Teachers Insurance and An-
nuity Association of America-College Retirement Equities
Fund and Fidelity funds, and then those companies provided
the recordkeeping services for their own funds, as they cus-
tomarily do. There is nothing nefarious about any of that.
Yet under our decision that is all that a plaintiff must plead
to survive a motion to dismiss. And, in modern civil litiga-
tion, getting by a motion to dismiss is often the whole ball
game because of the cost of discovery. Defendants facing
those costs often calculate that it is effcient to settle a case
even though they are convinced that they would win if the
litigation continued. See J. Beisner, Discovering a Better

plans like Cornell's are vastly different from garden variety common law
trusts; and in my judgment, reliance here on the common law of trusts
would be unhelpful and, indeed, misleading.
 Cite as: (2025) 711

Alito, J., concurring

Way: The Need for Effective Civil Litigation Reform, 60
Duke L. J. 547, 550 (2010); see also Dura Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. v. Broudo, (2005); Chubb, Excessive
Litigation Over Excessive Plan Fees in 2023, pp. 2 -- 3 (Apr.
2023), https://www.chubb.com/content/dam/chubb-sites/
chubb-com/us-en/ business-insurance/fiduciary-liability/pdfs/
excessive-litigation-over-excessive-plan-fees-infographic.pdf
(noting that the number of excessive plan fee cases that set-
tle has increased six-fold since 2016 and that these cases can
"cost more to defend than to settle"). When that happens
in a case like the one now before us, the few plan participants
named as plaintiffs and their attorneys get a windfall, and a
cost that the administrator incurs may be passed on to the
other plan participants.
With a realistic appreciation of this dynamic, the Second
Circuit tried to formulate a rule that would weed out plainly
unmeritorious suits at the pleading stage. The court at-
tempted to achieve an admirable goal, but established plead-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing rules do not allow that workaround.
In Part III -- C of its opinion, the Court sets out some alter-
native safeguards. Perhaps the most promising of these is
the suggestion, offered by the Solicitor General, that a dis-
trict court may insist that a plaintiff fle a reply to an answer
that raises one of the exemptions as an affrmative
defense.2 Ante, at 708. It does not appear that this is a
commonly used procedure, but the Court has endorsed its
use in the past. See Crawford-El v. Britton, (1998). District courts should strongly consider utiliz-
ing this option -- and employing the other safeguards that the
Court describes -- to achieve "the prompt disposition of in-
substantial claims." Id., at 597. Whether these measures
will be used in a way that adequately addresses the problem
that results from our current pleading rules remains to be
seen.

2
See Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 30 -- 31.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 1
Pages 238 -- 279

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 5, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
238 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC., et al. v.
WISCONSIN LABOR AND INDUSTRY REVIEW
COMMISSION et al.
certiorari to the supreme court of wisconsin
No. 24 -- 154. Argued March 31, 2025 -- Decided June 5, 2025
Wisconsin law exempts certain religious organizations from paying unem-
ployment compensation taxes. The relevant statute exempts nonproft
organizations "operated primarily for religious purposes" and "operated,
supervised, controlled, or principally supported by a church or conven-
tion or association of churches." Wis. Stat..02(15)(h)(2). Petition-
ers, Catholic Charities Bureau, Inc., and four of its subentities, sought
this exemption as organizations controlled by the Roman Catholic Dio-
cese of Superior, Wisconsin. The Wisconsin Supreme Court denied the
exemption, holding that petitioners were not "operated primarily for
religious purposes" because they neither engaged in proselytization nor
limited their charitable services to Catholics.
Held: The Wisconsin Supreme Court's application of.02(15)(h)(2) to
Page Proof Pending Publication
petitioners violates the First Amendment. Pp. 247 -- 254.
(a) The First Amendment mandates government neutrality between
religions and subjects any state-sponsored denominational preference
to strict scrutiny. The Wisconsin Supreme Court's interpretation of.02(15)(h)(2) imposes a denominational preference by differentiating
between religions based on theological lines. Petitioners' eligibility for
the exemption ultimately turns on inherently religious choices (namely,
whether to proselytize or serve only co-religionists in the course of char-
itable work), not " `secular criteria' " that "happen to have a `disparate
impact' upon different religious organizations." Larson v. Valente,. Because that regime explicitly differentiates be-
tween religions based on theological practices, strict scrutiny applies.
Pp. 247 -- 250.
(b) The State argues that, when it comes to religious accommodations
afforded by the government, courts should ask whether the accommoda-
tion's eligibility criteria are the product of "invidious discrimination" to
determine if strict scrutiny applies. In support of that rule, the State
draws on Gillette v. United States,. Gillette, however, is
inapposite. Unlike the conscientious objector status in Gillette, which
was equally available to members of all religions, the Wisconsin Su-
preme Court's interpretation of.02(15)(h)(2) facially differentiates
among religions based on inherently theological choices. The State
next disputes the premise that petitioners were denied coverage be-
 Cite as: (2025) 239

Syllabus

cause they do not proselytize or serve only Catholics in the course of
performing charitable work. The State instead claims that petitioners
were excluded because they engaged in no "distinctively religious activ-
ity," meaning "activities that express and inculcate religious doctrine."
Tr. of Oral Arg. 81. That understanding of the Wisconsin Supreme
Court's ruling, even if assumed correct, cannot save the statute from
strict scrutiny because decisions about whether to "express and incul-
cate religious doctrine" while performing charitable work are funda-
mentally theological choices driven by religious doctrine. Pp. 250 -- 252.
(c) Section 108.02(15)(h)(2), as applied, cannot survive strict scrutiny
because the State has not met its burden to show that the law's applica-
tion is narrowly tailored to further a compelling government interest.
Wisconsin contends that the exemption advances two principal inter-
ests. First, it argues that the law serves a compelling state interest in
ensuring unemployment coverage for its citizens. The State, however,
has failed to demonstrate that the theological lines drawn by the statute
are narrowly tailored to advance that interest, particularly as applied
to petitioners. Indeed, petitioners operate their own unemployment
compensation system, which provides benefts largely equivalent to the
state system. The distinctions drawn by Wisconsin's regime, moreover,
are underinclusive, exempting religious entities that provide similar
Page Proof Pending Publication
services (i.e., without proselytizing or serving only co-religionists) when
the work is done directly by a church. Second, the State asserts an
interest in avoiding entanglement with employment decisions based
on religious doctrine. Resolving misconduct disputes for employees
tasked with inculcating religious faith, the State argues, may require it
to decide whether those employees complied with religious doctrine.
The lines drawn by the exemption, however, are overinclusive in rela-
tion to that interest, for they operate at the organizational level, cover-
ing employees that do and do not inculcate religious doctrine in equal
measure. This poor ft between the State's asserted interests and the
distinctions drawn cannot satisfy strict scrutiny. Pp. 252 -- 254.
2024 WI 13, 411 Wis. 2d 1, 3 N. W. 3d 666, reversed and remanded.

Sotomayor, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court. Thomas,
J., post, p. 255, and Jackson, J., post, p. 270, fled concurring opinions.

Eric C. Rassbach argued the cause for petitioners. With
him on the briefs were Nicholas R. Reaves, Colten L. Stan-
berry, and Kyle H. Torvinen.
Deputy Solicitor General Gannon argued the cause for
the United States as amicus curiae urging reversal. With
240 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Counsel

him on the brief were Deputy Assistant Attorney General
McArthur, Nicholas S. Crown, Michael S. Raab, and Lowell
V. Sturgill, Jr.
Colin T. Roth, Assistant Attorney General of Wisconsin,
argued the cause for respondents. With him on the brief
were Joshua L. Kaul, Attorney General, and Charlotte Gib-
son, Assistant Attorney General.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the State of Ohio
et al. by Dave Yost, Attorney General of Ohio, T. Elliot Gaiser, Solicitor
General, and Katie Rose Talley and Jana M. Bosch, Deputy Solicitors
General, and by the Attorneys General and other offcials for their respec-
tive States as follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Tim Griffn of Arkan-
sas, John Guard, Acting Attorney General of Florida, Christopher M.
Carr of Georgia, Raúl R. Labrador of Idaho, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Russell
Coleman of Kentucky, Liz Murrill of Louisiana, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi,
Andrew Bailey of Missouri, Austin Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilg-
ers of Nebraska, Drew H. Wrigley of North Dakota, Alan Wilson of South
Carolina, Marty Jackley of South Dakota, Derek E. Brown of Utah, Jason
Page Proof Pending Publication
Miyares of Virginia, and John B. McCuskey of West Virginia; for the Wis-
consin State Legislature by Ryan J. Walsh; for the American Center for
Law and Justice by Jay Alan Sekulow, Jordan A. Sekulow, Stuart J. Roth,
Walter M. Weber, and Laura B. Hernandez; for By The Hand by John J.
Bursch and Cody S. Barnett; for Catholic Charities USA by Keith R.
Styles and James H. Hulme; for the Catholic Conferences of Illinois et al.
by James N. Law; for the Christian Legal Society et al. by Steven T. Mc-
Farland, Kimberlee Wood Colby, Laura D. Nammo, and Thomas C. Berg;
for City on a Hill Legal Ministry by Dino L. LaVerghetta; for Eleven
Major Religious Denominations by Gene C. Schaerr, Erik S. Jaffe, H.
Christopher Bartolomucci, Hannah C. Smith, and R. Shawn Gunnarson;
for the Evangelical Council for Financial Accountability et al. by Stuart J.
Lark; for the First Liberty Institute by Kelly J. Shackelford, Jeffrey C.
Mateer, Hiram S. Sasser III, David J. Hacker, Jeremiah G. Dys, and Ryan
N. Gardner; for the International Society for Krishna Consciousness by
Benjamin Hayes; for the Jewish Coalition for Religious Liberty by Yaa-
kov M. Roth and Josh Blackman; for Maranatha Baptist University
et al. by Daniel R. Suhr and Caleb R. Gerbitz; for the National Legal
Foundation by Frederick W. Claybrook, Jr., Steven W. Fitschen, and
James A. Davids; for the New York State Catholic Conference by Michael
L. Costello; for Religious Liberty Scholars by Kevin T. Baine, Richard S.
Cleary, Jr., and Ian M. Swenson; for Religiously Affliated Universities
 Cite as: (2025) 241

Opinion of the Court

Justice Sotomayor delivered the opinion of the Court.
Wisconsin, like many other States, exempts certain reli-
gious organizations from paying taxes into the State's unem-
ployment compensation system. One such exemption cov-
ers nonprofts "operated primarily for religious purposes"
and controlled, supervised, or principally supported by a
church. Wis. Stat..02(15)(h)(2) (2023 -- 2024). Petition-
ers, Catholic Charities Bureau, Inc., and four of the entities
that it operates, claimed that they qualify for the exemption
as religious organizations controlled by the Roman Catholic
Diocese of Superior, Wisconsin. The Wisconsin Supreme
Court disagreed, holding that petitioners are not "operated
primarily for religious purposes" because they neither en-
gage in proselytization nor serve only Catholics in their char-
itable work.
The question here is whether.02(15)(h)(2), as applied
to petitioners by the Wisconsin Supreme Court, violates the
Page Proof Pending Publication
First Amendment. The Court holds that it does. The First
Amendment mandates government neutrality between reli-
gions and subjects any state-sponsored denominational pref-
erence to strict scrutiny. The Wisconsin Supreme Court's
application of.02(15)(h)(2) imposed a denominational
preference by differentiating between religions based on

et al. by Zachary G. Parks; for the Wisconsin Catholic Conference by
Bradley G. Hubbard and Elizabeth A. Kiernan; for World Faith Founda-
tion by James L. Hirsen and Deborah J. Dewart; for Nathan S. Chapman
by Jeffrey R. Johnson; and for Christopher C. Lund, pro se.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for American Athe-
ists, Inc., by Geoffrey T. Blackwell; for the Economic Policy Institute et al.
by Laurence J. Dupuis, Brenda L. Lewison, and John Philo; for the Free-
dom From Religion Foundation by Samuel T. Grover; for Religious and
Civil-Rights Organizations by Alex J. Luchenitser, Daniel Mach, Heather
L. Weaver, and Cecillia D. Wang; and for Service Employees International
Union et al. by Scott A. Kronland.
John M. Baker fled a brief for the International Municipal Lawyers
Association as amicus curiae.
242 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Opinion of the Court

theological lines. Because the law's application does not
survive strict scrutiny, it cannot stand.
I
A
Wisconsin has long operated an unemployment compensa-
tion program that seeks to mitigate and "more fairly" distrib-
ute the "economic burdens resulting from unemployment."
Wis. Stat..01(2); see.01 et seq. To achieve that
goal, Wisconsin law requires most employers to make regu-
lar contributions to the State's unemployment fund through
payroll taxes. See.17 -- 108.18. Nonproft employers
may choose between contributing to that fund and reimburs-
ing the State for benefts paid to their laid-off employees.
See.151.
Wisconsin's regime contains an exemption for religious
employers. See.02(15)(h). The exemption applies to
Page Proof Pending Publication
any "church or convention or association of churches," with-
out further qualifcation, and to services provided "[b]y a
duly ordained, commissioned or licensed minister of a church
in the exercise of his or her ministry or by a member of a
religious order in the exercise of duties required by such
order.".02(15)(h)(1), (3). As relevant here, the ex-
emption also covers nonproft organizations "operated, su-
pervised, controlled, or principally supported by a church or
convention or association of churches," but only if they are "op-
erated primarily for religious purposes.".02(15)(h)(2).
Wisconsin is not alone in exempting religious organiza-
tions from unemployment compensation taxes. The Federal
Unemployment Tax Act, 26 U. S. C. et seq., contains
a textually parallel religious-employer exemption. See
(1)(B). Since Congress enacted that law in 1970,
over 40 States have adopted similar exemptions.1
1
Wisconsin does not cite any decisions interpreting these federal or
state laws to require proselytization or exclusively co-religionist service
for charitable organizations to qualify for the exemption, as the Wisconsin
Supreme Court did here. See infra, at 249 -- 250.
 Cite as: (2025) 243

Opinion of the Court

B
Catholic Charities Bureau, Inc. (Bureau), is a nonproft or-
ganization that serves as the social ministry arm of the
Roman Catholic Diocese of Superior, Wisconsin. 2024 WI
13, ¶4, 411 Wis. 2d 1, 13, 3 N. W. 3d 666, 672. The Bureau's
stated mission is to "carry on the redeeming work of our
Lord." App. to Pet. for Cert. 382a. In aid of that mission,
the Bureau "provid[es] services to the poor and disadvan-
taged" and seeks to "be an effective sign of the charity of
Christ." Id., at 383a. It does not distinguish on the basis
of "race, sex, or religion in reference to clients served, staff
employed and board members appointed." Ibid.
The Bureau oversees several separately incorporated enti-
ties, including four that, together with the Bureau, are the
petitioners here: Barron County Development Services, Inc.,
Black River Industries, Inc., Diversifed Services, Inc., and
Headwaters, Inc. 411 Wis. 2d, at 14 -- 16, 3 N. W. 3d, at 672 -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
673. These entities provide a range of charitable services
to local communities across Wisconsin. Barron County De-
velopment Services, for instance, helps individuals with disa-
bilities secure employment. See id., at 14, 3 N. W. 3d, at
673. Black River Industries provides daily living services
to Wisconsinites with developmental or mental health disa-
bilities, among other charitable services. Id., at 15, 3 N. W.
3d, at 673.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Superior exercises control
over both the Bureau and its subentities. Id., at 14, 3 N. W.
3d, at 672. The bishop of the Diocese serves as the Bureau's
president and appoints its membership, which in turn over-
sees the Bureau " `to ensure' " that it fulflls its mission " `in
compliance with the Principles of Catholic social teaching.' "
Ibid. The Bureau's executive director, who need not be a
Catholic priest, supervises the operations of each subentity.
Id., at 16, 3 N. W. 3d, at 673; see also 2023 WI App 12, ¶11,
406 Wis. 2d 586, 596, 987 N. W. 2d 778, 783.
Employees of the Bureau and its subentities are not re-
quired to adhere to any particular religious faith, and the
244 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Opinion of the Court

same is true for the recipients of their charitable services.
411 Wis. 2d, at 16, 3 N. W. 3d, at 673; see also App. to Pet.
for Cert. 383a. Participants in petitioners' charitable pro-
grams do not receive religious training or orientation, and
neither the Bureau nor its subentities "tr[ies] to `inculcate' "
participants with the Catholic faith. 411 Wis. 2d, at 16, 3
N. W. 3d, at 673. That rule, petitioners explain, refects reli-
gious doctrine prohibiting Catholic bodies from " `misus[ing]
works of charity for purposes of proselytism.' " Brief for
Petitioners 10 ). Ac-
cording to petitioners, Catholic teachings distinguish be-
tween "evangelization," which involves "sharing one's faith,"
and "proselytization," which seeks to "infuence" or "co-
erc[e]" others into accepting one's religious views. Tr. of
Oral Arg. 22 -- 23. The former is permitted, and the latter is
not, petitioners say. Id., at 22; see Brief for Petitioners 10.

Page Proof Pending
C Publication
In 2016, petitioners sought from the Wisconsin Depart-
ment of Workforce Development a determination that they
qualifed for the religious-employer exemption set forth in
Wis. Stat..02(15)(h)(2). The department denied their
request. See App. to Pet. for Cert. 351a. It acknowledged
that petitioners are "supervised and controlled by the Roman
Catholic Church," thereby satisfying one of the two criteria
for the exemption. Id., at 352a, 356a, 360a, 364a, 368a. The
department determined, however, that petitioners are not
"operated primarily for religious purposes" within the mean-
ing of the statute. Ibid. Petitioners appealed, and an Ad-
ministrative Law Judge (ALJ) reversed the department's
ruling. Id., at 291a -- 350a.
In the years that followed, petitioners received a series of
alternating wins and losses as the parties appealed up
through the state administrative and judicial systems. The
Wisconsin Labor and Industry Review Commission reversed
 Cite as: (2025) 245

Opinion of the Court

the ALJ's decision and reinstated the department's denials
of petitioners' exemption requests. See id., at 212a -- 290a.
After petitioners sought judicial review in state court, the
state trial court overrode the commission, holding that peti-
tioners are entitled to the exemption. See id., at 190a. The
State Court of Appeals, however, subsequently reversed.
406 Wis. 2d 586, 987 N. W. 2d 778. It reasoned that petition-
ers are not "operated primarily for religious purposes" be-
cause petitioners' "provision of charitable social services...
are neither inherently or primarily religious activities."
Id., at 627, 629, 987 N. W. 2d, at 798, 799.
The Wisconsin Supreme Court affrmed. The court began
by recognizing, as the lower courts had, that petitioners are
"without question `operated, supervised, controlled, or prin-
cipally supported' by the Diocese of Superior." 411 Wis. 2d,
at 22, 3 N. W. 3d, at 676 (h)(2)). The
dispositive question, then, was whether petitioners are "op-
Page Proof Pending Publication
erated primarily for religious purposes." Id., at 22, 3 N. W.
3d, at 676. The court interpreted that statutory phrase to
require judicial inquiry into not only an organization's "moti-
vations" but also its "activities." Id., at 33, 3 N. W. 3d, at
682. To determine whether an organization's activities are
" `primarily' religious in nature," the court held, courts
should "focu[s] on whether an organization participated in
worship services, religious outreach, ceremony, or religious
education." Id., at 34 -- 35, 3 N. W. 3d, at 682 ). Accord-
ing to the court, that analysis would identify " `[t]ypical ac-
tivities of an organization operated for religious purposes,' "
while avoiding " `any subjective inquiry with respect to reli-
gious truth.' " 411 Wis. 2d, at 32, 3 N. W. 3d, at 681.
Applying that standard, the court held that petitioners'
activities are "secular in nature," not religious. 411 Wis. 2d,
at 38, 3 N. W. 3d, at 684. Petitioners "neither attempt to
imbue program participants with the Catholic faith nor sup-
246 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Opinion of the Court

ply any religious materials to program participants or em-
ployees," the court observed. Id., at 35, 3 N. W. 3d, at 682.
"Both employment with the organizations and services of-
fered by the organizations are open to all participants re-
gardless of religion," and the charitable services offered by
the subentities could "be provided by organizations of either
religious or secular motivations." Id., at 35 -- 36, 3 N. W. 3d,
at 683. Based on that record, the court held that petitioners
"are not operated primarily for religious purposes within the
meaning of Wis. Stat..02(15)(h)(2)." Id., at 38, 3 N. W.
3d, at 684.
The court then addressed petitioners' argument that its
interpretation of.02(15)(h)(2) violated the First Amend-
ment's Religion Clauses. The court frst held that its inter-
pretation did not transgress church autonomy principles
because the exemption "neither regulates internal church
governance nor mandates any activity." Id., at 50, 3 N. W.
3d, at 690. The court also determined that there was no risk
Page Proof Pending Publication
of excessive government entanglement with religion because
Wisconsin's exemption does not ask whether petitioners' "ac-
tivities are consistent or inconsistent with Catholic doc-
trine." Id., at 45, 3 N. W. 3d, at 687. Finally, the court
rejected petitioners' argument that its interpretation contra-
vened First Amendment principles of " `neutrality among re-
ligions' " by " `favor[ing] religious groups that require those
they serve to adhere to the faith of that group or be subject
to proselytization.' " Id., at 52 -- 53, 3 N. W. 3d, at 691. This
argument failed, the court said, because petitioners had not
"demonstrate[d] that the statute imposes a constitutionally
signifcant burden on their religious practice" in the frst
place. Id., at 55, 3 N. W. 3d, at 692.2
Justice Rebecca Grassl Bradley authored a dissent, which
Chief Justice Ziegler joined and Justice Hagedorn joined in
2
The Court today addresses only the denominational neutrality chal-
lenge raised by petitioners and does not reach the further two constitu-
tional arguments considered by the Wisconsin Supreme Court.
 Cite as: (2025) 247

Opinion of the Court

part. Justice Bradley would have held that a nonproft is
"operated primarily for religious purposes,".02(15)
(h)(2), when its motivations are religious, irrespective of the
nature of its activities. The majority's contrary approach,
the dissent warned, "engages in religious discrimination and
entangles the state with religion in violation of the First
Amendment." Id., at 92 -- 93, 3 N. W. 3d, at 710 -- 711. While
Justice Bradley recognized that "the application of secular
criteria that leads to disparate treatment of religions is not
religious discrimination," she reasoned that the majority's
approach "necessarily and explicitly discriminates among
certain religious faiths and religious practices." Id., at 105,
3 N. W. 3d, at 717. It did so as applied to petitioners, Justice
Bradley explained, by declaring them ineligible for the ex-
emption based on explicitly religious criteria, including their
adherence to Catholic teachings forbidding "proselytiz[ation]
when conducting charitable acts." Id., at 106, 3 N. W. 3d, at
Page Proof Pending Publication
717. That denominational discrimination, according to Jus-
tice Bradley, triggered strict scrutiny, which the State could
not satisfy. See id., at 108 -- 110, 3 N. W. 3d, at 718 -- 719. Jus-
tice Hagedorn dissented separately, noting his agreement
with Justice Bradley's construction of the statute. Id., at
122, 3 N. W. 3d, at 725.
We granted certiorari to decide whether the Wisconsin Su-
preme Court's interpretation of.02(15)(h)(2), as applied
to petitioners, violates the First Amendment. (2024).
II
A
"The clearest command of the Establishment Clause" is
that the government may not "offcially prefe[r]" one reli-
gious denomination over another. Larson v. Valente, (1982). This principle of denominational neu-
trality bars States from passing laws that " `aid or oppose' "
particular religions, Epperson v. Arkansas, 
248 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Opinion of the Court

(1968), or interfere in the "competition between sects," Zor-
ach v. Clauson, (1952). The Establish-
ment Clause's "prohibition of denominational preferences is
inextricably connected with the continuing vitality of the
Free Exercise Clause," too. Larson, 456 U. S., at 245.
That is because the " `fullest realization of true religious lib-
erty requires that government' " refrain from " `favoritism
among sects.' " Id., at 246 (Gold-
berg, J., concurring)). Government actions that favor cer-
tain religions, the Court has warned, convey to members of
other faiths that " `they are outsiders, not full members of
the political community.' " Santa Fe Independent School
Dist. v. Doe, (2000).
To guard against that serious harm, this Court in Larson
v. Valente, set a demanding standard for the
government to justify differential treatment across religions
Page Proof Pending Publication
on denominational lines. See id., at 244 -- 246. When a state
law establishes a denominational preference, courts must
"treat the law as suspect" and apply "strict scrutiny in ad-
judging its constitutionality." Id., at 246. The government
bears the burden to show that the relevant law, or applica-
tion thereof, is "closely ftted to further a compelling govern-
mental interest." Id., at 251.
A law that differentiates between religions along theologi-
cal lines is textbook denominational discrimination. Take,
for instance, a law that treats "a religious service of Jeho-
vah's Witnesses... differently than a religious service of
other sects" because the former is "less ritualistic, more un-
orthodox, [and] less formal." Fowler v. Rhode Island, (1953). Or consider an exemption that applies
only to religious organizations that perform baptisms, en-
gage in monotheistic worship, or hold services on Sunday.
Such laws establish a preference for certain religions based
on the content of their religious doctrine, namely, how they
 Cite as: (2025) 249

Opinion of the Court

worship, hold services, or initiate members and whether they
engage in those practices at all. Such offcial differentiation
on theological lines is fundamentally foreign to our constitu-
tional order, for "[t]he law knows no heresy, and is committed
to the support of no dogma." Watson v. Jones, 13 Wall. 679,
728 (1872).
This case involves that paradigmatic form of denomina-
tional discrimination. In determining whether petitioners
qualifed for the tax exemption under.02(15)(h)(2), the
Wisconsin Supreme Court acknowledged that petitioners are
controlled by a church, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Supe-
rior, thereby satisfying one of the exemption's two criteria.
411 Wis. 2d, at 22, 3 N. W. 3d, at 676. The court's inquiry
instead turned on whether petitioners are "operated primar-
ily for religious purposes." Wis. Stat..02(15)(h)(2); see
411 Wis. 2d, at 22, 3 N. W. 3d, at 676. On that criterion,
the court recognized that petitioners' charitable works are
Page Proof Pending Publication
religiously motivated. Id., at 34, 3 N. W. 3d, at 682. The
court nevertheless deemed petitioners ineligible for the ex-
emption under.02(15)(h)(2) because they do not "at-
tempt to imbue program participants with the Catholic
faith," "supply any religious materials to program partici-
pants or employees," or limit their charitable services to
members of the Catholic Church. Id., at 35, 3 N. W. 3d, at
682 -- 683. Put simply, petitioners could qualify for the ex-
emption while providing their current charitable services if
they engaged in proselytization or limited their services to
fellow Catholics.
Petitioners' Catholic faith, however, bars them from sat-
isfying those criteria. Catholic teaching, petitioners say,
forbids " `misus[ing] works of charity for purposes of prosely-
tism.' " Brief for Petitioners 10. It also requires provision of charitable services
"without making distinctions `by race, sex, or religion.' "
Brief for Petitioners 7.
250 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Opinion of the Court

Many religions apparently impose similar rules prohibiting
proselytization or religious differentiation in the provision of
charitable services. See Brief for Religious Liberty Schol-
ars as Amici Curiae 12 -- 13 (discussing beliefs in Judaism,
Islam, Sikhism, and Hinduism). Others seemingly have
adopted a contrary approach. See id., at 12 (discussing prac-
tices of some Protestant denominations).
Wisconsin's exemption, as interpreted by its Supreme
Court, thus grants a denominational preference by explicitly
differentiating between religions based on theological prac-
tices. Indeed, petitioners' eligibility for the exemption ul-
timately turns on inherently religious choices (namely,
whether to proselytize or serve only co-religionists), not
" `secular criteria' " that "happen to have a `disparate impact'
upon different religious organizations." Larson, 456 U. S.,
at 247,. Much like a law exempting only those reli-
gious organizations that perform baptisms or worship on
Sundays, an exemption that requires proselytization or ex-
Page Proof Pending Publication
clusive service of co-religionists establishes a preference for
certain religions based on the commands of their religious
doctrine.
In short, as applied to petitioners by the Wisconsin Su-
preme Court, Wis. Stat..02(15)(h)(2) imposes a denomi-
national preference by differentiating between religions
based on theological choices.

B
The State does not dispute that the government may not
prefer one religion over another. See Brief for Respondents
35. Instead, the State argues that, when it comes to "[r]eli-
gious accommodations" afforded by the government, courts
should ask whether the accommodation's eligibility criteria
are the product of "invidious discrimination" to determine if
strict scrutiny applies. Id., at 35, 37; see id., at 42 -- 43. This
Court's decision in Gillette v. United States, 
(1971), the State contends, lends support to this rule. See
 Cite as: (2025) 251

Opinion of the Court

Brief for Respondents 36. As the State would have it, Gil-
lette stands for the premise that whenever a religious "ac-
commodation's line serves `considerations of a pragmatic na-
ture' having `nothing to do with a design to foster or favor
any sect, religion, or cluster of religions,' the Establishment
Clause is not offended." Brief for Respondents 36.
The inquiry set forth in Gillette, however, is inapposite.
There, this Court rejected an Establishment Clause chal-
lenge to a provision of the Military Selective Service Act of
1967, which afforded a "conscientious objector" status to any
person who, " `by reason of religious training and belief,' "
was " `conscientiously opposed to participation in war in any
form.' " Gillette, 401 U. S., at 441. Importantly, that ex-
emption "focused on individual conscientious belief, not on
sectarian affliation." Id., at 454. Conscientious objector
status was thus "available on an equal basis" to members of
Page Proof Pending Publication
all religions under the Military Selective Service Act, as this
Court later explained in Larson. 456 U. S., at 247, (dis-
cussing Gillette). "[O]n its face," the statute "simply d[id]
not discriminate on the basis of religious affliation." Gil-
lette, 401 U. S., at 450.
The same is not true here. The Wisconsin Supreme
Court's interpretation of.02(h)(15)(2) facially differenti-
ates among religions based on theological choices. After all,
an exemption provided only to organizations that engage in
proselytization or serve only co-religionists is not, on its face,
"available on an equal basis" to all denominations. Larson,
456 U. S., at 247,. That type of "explicit" distinction
between religious practices is what this Court has deemed
subject to strict scrutiny, including in the context of religious
exemptions. Ibid.; see id., at 246 -- 251.
Next, the State disputes the premise that petitioners were
denied coverage "because they do not proselytize or serve
only Catholics" in the course of performing charitable work.
Brief for Respondents 37. The State insists that, instead,
252 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Opinion of the Court

the Wisconsin Supreme Court excluded petitioners because
they had "identifed no distinctively religious activity that
would create diffculty in resolving unemployment disputes."
Ibid. When pressed at argument as to what would qualify
as such "distinctively religious activity" in the context of
providing charitable services, however, the State clarifed
that it meant "activities that express and inculcate religious
doctrine: worship, proselytization, religious education." Tr.
of Oral Arg. 81; see also id., at 84 ("What it comes down to
is whether the employees of the organization are expressing
and inculcating religious doctrine").
That understanding of the Wisconsin Supreme Court's rul-
ing, even if assumed correct, cannot save the statute from
strict scrutiny. Decisions about whether to "express and in-
culcate religious doctrine" through worship, proselytization,
or religious education when performing charitable work are,
again, fundamentally theological choices driven by the con-
tent of different religious doctrines. Id., at 81. A statute
Page Proof Pending Publication
that excludes religious organizations from an accommodation
on such grounds facially favors some denominations over
others.
III
Because.02(15)(h)(2) "grants denominational prefer-
ences of the sort consistently and frmly deprecated in our
precedents," it "must be invalidated unless it is justifed by
a compelling governmental interest" and is "closely ftted to
further that interest." Larson, 456 U. S., at 246 -- 247. The
State bears the burden of clearing that high bar, and it has
failed to do so here.
Wisconsin justifes its law by reference to two principal
interests. First, it argues that the law serves a compelling
state interest in "ensuring unemployment coverage for its
citizens." Brief for Respondents 44. Yet the State fails to
explain how the theological lines drawn by.02(15)(h)(2)
are narrowly tailored to advance that asserted interest, par-
ticularly as applied to petitioners. Indeed, petitioners oper-
 Cite as: (2025) 253

Opinion of the Court

ate their own unemployment compensation system for em-
ployees, which provides benefts largely " `equivalent' " to the
state system. 406 Wis. 2d, at 614, 987 N. W. 2d, at 792.
Furthermore, Wisconsin does not suggest that organizations
like Catholic Charities, which decline to proselytize and
choose to serve all-comers, are more likely to leave their em-
ployees without unemployment benefts. Nor could it: The
record is devoid of such evidence.
The distinctions drawn by Wisconsin's regime, moreover,
are vastly underinclusive when it comes to ensuring unem-
ployment coverage for its citizens. Wisconsin exempts over
40 forms of "employment" from its unemployment compensa-
tion program. See.02(15)(f) -- (kt). Notably, those ex-
emptions cover religious entities that provide charitable
services in a similar manner to petitioners (that is, without
proselytizing or denominational differentiation), but are ex-
empt because the work is done directly by the church itself
Page Proof Pending Publication
or its ministers, rather than by a separate nonproft organiza-
tion controlled by the church. See.02(15)(h)(1), (3).
That underinclusiveness leaves " `appreciable damage to [the
State's] supposedly vital interest unprohibited' " and there-
fore belies the State's claim of narrow tailoring. Reed v.
Town of Gilbert, (2015).
Second, the State argues that the Wisconsin Supreme
Court's interpretation of.02(15)(h)(2) is "narrowly tai-
lored to avoid entangling the state with employment deci-
sions touching on religious faith and doctrine." Brief for
Respondents 44. When an organization's employees "ex-
press an[d] inculcate religious doctrine through worship,
proselytization, and religious education," the State explains,
"misconduct disputes could often force the state to decide
whether employees complied with religious doctrine." Tr.
of Oral Arg. 72. Yet the State again fails to demonstrate
that.02(15)(h)(2) is "closely ftted to further" that anti-
entanglement interest. Larson, 456 U. S., at 247. To the
extent the State seeks to avoid opining on employee compli-
254 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Opinion of the Court

ance with religious teachings, it does not explain why it de-
clined to craft an exemption limited to employees who are
in fact tasked with inculcating religious doctrine. Instead,
the exemption here functions at an organizational level, cov-
ering both the janitor and the priest in equal measure. See.02(15)(h)(2).
That overinclusiveness pervades Wisconsin's exemption
regime more broadly, too. Recall that Wisconsin exempts
from its unemployment compensation system all "church[es]
or convention[s] or association[s] of churches" without differ-
entiating between employees actually involved in religious
works, for whom the anti-entanglement concern is relevant,
and other staff..02(15)(h)(1). The State itself con-
cedes, as it must, that this regime contains "an element of
over-inclusivity." Tr. of Oral Arg. 87. At bottom, then, the
poor ft between the State's asserted anti-entanglement con-
cern and the line it has drawn among religious organizations
cannot be described as narrow tailoring. The State has thus
Page Proof Pending Publication
failed to carry its burden under strict scrutiny.

* * *
It is fundamental to our constitutional order that the gov-
ernment maintain "neutrality between religion and reli-
gion." Epperson, 393 U. S., at 104. There may be hard
calls to make in policing that rule, but this is not one. When
the government distinguishes among religions based on
theological differences in their provision of services, it im-
poses a denominational preference that must satisfy the
highest level of judicial scrutiny. Because Wisconsin has
transgressed that principle without the tailoring necessary
to survive such scrutiny, the judgment of the Wisconsin Su-
preme Court is reversed, and the case is remanded for fur-
ther proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.
 Cite as: (2025) 255

Thomas, J., concurring

Justice Thomas, concurring.
A nonproft organization is entitled to an exemption from
Wisconsin's unemployment-insurance tax on employers if it
is controlled by a church and "operated primarily for reli-
gious purposes." Wis. Stat..02(15)(h)(2) (2023 -- 2024).
The Wisconsin Supreme Court concluded that Catholic
Charities Bureau (Catholic Charities) and its subentities are
not such organizations, reasoning in two steps. First, the
court held that the relevant "organization" is Catholic Chari-
ties and each of its subentities, not the broader Catholic Dio-
cese of Superior of which it is a part. Second, it held that
the purposes of Catholic Charities and its subentities are pri-
marily secular, not religious. The Court concludes that the
latter holding of the Wisconsin Supreme Court unconstitu-
tionally discriminates against Catholic Charities and its sub-
entities. I agree and join the Court's opinion in full. I
write separately because, in my view, the Wisconsin Su-
Page Proof Pending Publication
preme Court's frst holding was also wrong.
The First Amendment's guarantee of church autonomy
gives religious institutions the right to defne their internal
governance structures without state interference. Reli-
gious institutions may create different corporate entities to
help manage their temporal affairs, but those entities do not
defne the broader religious institution's internal structure.
Here, although Catholic Charities and its subentities are sep-
arately incorporated from the Diocese of Superior, they are,
as a matter of church law, simply an arm of the Diocese.

I
The First Amendment guarantees to religious institutions
broad autonomy to conduct their internal affairs and govern
themselves. This guarantee, which we have called the
"church autonomy doctrine," provides that a religious insti-
tution is not defned by the corporate entities it chooses to
form.
256 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Thomas, J., concurring

A
The Religion Clauses of the First Amendment proscribe
laws "respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting
the free exercise thereof." Among other protections, these
Clauses guarantee the "right to organize voluntary religious
associations," Watson v. Jones, 13 Wall. 679, 728 (1872), and
to allow these associations to "decide for themselves, free
from state interference, matters of church government as
well as those of faith and doctrine," Kedroff v. Saint Ni-
cholas Cathedral of Russian Orthodox Church in North
America, (1952).1 For instance, "courts are
bound to stay out of employment disputes involving those
holding certain important positions with churches and other
religious institutions." Our Lady of Guadalupe School v.
Morrissey-Berru, (2020). And, where
resolution of a property dispute turns on the internal law of a
hierarchically structured church, such as who is the properly
Page Proof Pending Publication
appointed pastor of a congregation, courts must defer to "the
decisions of the highest ecclesiastical tribunal within [the]
church." Serbian Eastern Orthodox Diocese for United
States and Canada v. Milivojevich, (1976).
The Religion Clauses' special protection for the autonomy
of religious institutions derives from at least three sources.

1
I have long questioned whether the Establishment Clause, as "a feder-
alism provision intended to prevent Congress from interfering with state
establishments," applies to the States. Elk Grove Unifed School Dist.
v. Newdow, (2004) (opinion concurring in judgment). Al-
though our decisions have grounded the church autonomy doctrine in both
Religion Clauses, they have also made clear that the Free Exercise Clause
is an independently suffcient basis for the doctrine. See, e.g., Our Lady
of Guadalupe School v. Morrissey-Berru, (2020) (fram-
ing interference with church autonomy as independent violations of the
Establishment and Free Exercise Clauses); Kedroff, 344 U. S., at 107 -- 108,
115 -- 116, 120 -- 121 (basing the doctrine on the Free Exercise Clause alone).
My skepticism toward the incorporation of the Establishment Clause
therefore does not lead me to doubt the correctness of our precedents in
this area.
 Cite as: (2025) 257

Thomas, J., concurring

First is the right of association. This Court has "long un-
derstood as implicit in the right to engage in activities pro-
tected by the First Amendment a corresponding right to as-
sociate with others." Roberts v. United States Jaycees, (1984). As with other voluntary associations,
those "who unite themselves to [a religious] body do so with
an implied consent to" its internal system of "government,
and are bound to submit to it." Watson, 13 Wall., at 729.
And, since "the text of the First Amendment... gives spe-
cial solicitude to the rights of religious organizations," they
must enjoy a greater right to control their own affairs than
that enjoyed by other groups. Hosanna-Tabor Evangelical
Lutheran Church and School v. EEOC, 
(2012).
Second is the reality that matters of religious "faith and
doctrine" are "closely linked to... matters of church govern-
ment." Our Lady, 591 U. S., at 746 (internal quotation
Page Proof Pending Publication
marks omitted). Who serves as a church's minister, for in-
stance, determines whether the "preaching, teaching, and
counseling" a congregation receives conforms to the faith
that it professes. Id., at 747. And, the polity of a religious
institution is often itself a matter of faith. In the Catholic
Church, for instance, the leadership of the Pope over the
Church is essential, because it is an article of faith that Jesus
Christ personally established the offce of Pope. See First
Vatican Council, Pastor Aeternus, chs. 1 -- 2 (1870), in 2 Decrees of the Ecumenical Councils 811,
812 -- 813 (N. Tanner ed. 1990) (Tanner). The free exercise
rights of individuals thus cannot be adequately protected un-
less the autonomy of religious institutions is also protected.
Third is the understanding that church and state are "two
rightful authorities," each supreme in its own sphere. M.
McConnell, The Origins and Historical Understanding of
Free Exercise of Religion, 103 Harv. L. Rev. 1409, 1496 -- 1497
(1990) (McConnell). This concept has deep roots in the his-
tory of Western civilization. Jesus famously said to render
258 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Thomas, J., concurring

"unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God
the things that are God's." Matthew 22:21. From antiquity
onward, many Christians have interpreted this statement to
mean that church and state are distinct, and that each has a
legitimate claim to authority within its sphere. See Hunts-
man v. Corporation of President of Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter-day Saints, 127 F. 4th 784, 803 -- 804 (CA9 2025) (en
banc) (Bumatay, J., concurring); R. Renaud & L. Weinberger,
Spheres of Sovereignty: Church Autonomy Doctrine and the
Theological Heritage of the Separation of Church and State,
35 N. Ky. L. Rev. 67, 68 -- 84 (2008) (tracing the historical de-
velopment of "[t]he doctrine of separate spheres of authority
for church and state"). Pre-founding English law accord-
ingly distinguished between temporal matters subject to
civil courts' jurisdiction and spiritual matters subject to
ecclesiastical jurisdiction. See McRaney v. North Am.
Mission Bd. of Southern Baptist Convention, Inc., 980
Page Proof Pending Publication
F. 3d 1066, 1076 -- 1078 (CA5 2020) (Oldham, J., dissenting from
denial of rehearing en banc).
The First Amendment was adopted "against this back-
ground" of distinct spheres for secular and religious authori-
ties. Hosanna-Tabor, 565 U. S., at 183. In arguing for reli-
gious freedom for Baptists, for example, James Madison
appealed to the notion of "independent" "spiritual and
earthly authorities." McConnell 1497. According to Madi-
son, man's "duty towards the Creator... is precedent, both
in order of time and in degree of obligation, to the claims of
Civil Society." Memorial and Remonstrance Against Reli-
gious Assessments (1785), in 8 Papers of James Madison 295,
299 (R. Rutland, W. Rachal, B. Ripel, & F. Teute eds. 1973).
Thus, "Religion is wholly exempt from [Civil Society's] cogni-
zance." Ibid. In a similar vein, early American decisions
justifed protections for church autonomy in part based on
the need to respect religious institutions' legitimate and dis-
tinct sphere of authority. See, e.g., Watson, 13 Wall., at 733
(holding that "the civil courts exercise no jurisdiction" over
 Cite as: (2025) 259

Thomas, J., concurring

matters of "ecclesiastical government" because doing so
"would deprive [religious] bodies of the right of construing
their own church laws"); Chase v. Cheney, 58 Ill. 509, 538
(1871) (" `Causes spiritual must be judged by judges of the
spirituality, and causes temporal by temporal judges' "); Har-
mon v. Dreher, 17 S. C. Eq. 87, 120 (1843) ("It belongs not to
the civil power to enter into or review the proceedings of a
Spiritual Court"); see also K. Funk, Church Corporations and
the Confict of Laws in Antebellum America, 32 J. Law &
Religion 263, 281 (2017) (Funk) (observing that 19th century
decisions developing the church autonomy doctrine "essen-
tially treated these church tribunals as competent foreign
courts").
B
The church autonomy doctrine has important ramifcations
for the incorporation of religious institutions. Establishing
corporate entities is essential for religious institutions to
Page Proof Pending Publication
manage their temporal affairs. But, the doctrine forbids
treating religious institutions as nothing more than the cor-
porate entities that they form.

1
Religious institutions do not exist apart from the secular
world. They need to buy and sell property. They need to
hire and pay staff. They need to form contracts and fle
lawsuits. They need their property arrangements to persist
when personnel changes, and they need their property to
remain secure when individual members of the institution
become insolvent. These and other considerations make the
formation of corporate entities essential for many religious
institutions.
At the same time, the church autonomy doctrine forbids
treating religious institutions as nothing more than the cor-
porate entities they have formed. A corporation is a "mere
creature of law" that generally "possesses only those proper-
ties which the charter of its creation confers upon it."
260 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Thomas, J., concurring

Trustees of Dartmouth College v. Woodward, 4 Wheat. 518,
636 (1819); see also Kamen v. Kemper Financial Services,
Inc., -- 99 (1991) ("Corporations... are crea-
tures of state law, and it is state law which is the font of
corporate directors' powers" (internal quotation marks and
alteration omitted)). And, state law has a great deal to say
about how a corporation must be structured. See, e. g., Del.
Code Ann., Tit. 8, (2019) (generally requiring Delaware
corporations to be overseen by a board of directors). But,
under the church autonomy doctrine, religious institutions
are a parallel authority to the State, not a creature of state
law. Supra, at 257 -- 259. And, the State has no legitimate
role in defning the structure of its polity. To conclude that
a religious institution has no existence outside its corporate
form "would be in effect to decide that our religious liberties
[are] dependent on the will of the legislature, and not guaran-
teed by the constitution." Burr's Ex'rs v. Smith, 7 Vt. 241,
Page Proof Pending Publication
282 (1835).
Instead, courts and commentators have long recognized
that "while a legal entity may represent the church or other
body of believers, the entity alone is not the church; it is only
a part of the entire religious organization." 1 W. Bassett,
W. Durham, R. Smith, & M. Goldfeder, Religious Organiza-
tions and the Law :2, p. 8 -- 7 (2022). "The entity is merely
used by the organization rather than being identical to
the organization itself." Ibid. A religious corporation thus
possesses a "dual personality": It is at once a corporation
defned by state law and a part of a broader, "unincorpo-
rated" religious institution. Id., at 8 -- 6 to 8 -- 7; accord, Clas-
sis of Central Cal. v. Miraloma Community Church,
177 Cal. App. 4th 750, 763, 99 Cal. Rptr. 3d 449, 459 (2009);
Crissman v. Board of Trustees of Cathedral of Tomorrow
of Akron, Inc., 1990 WL 31796, *2 (Ohio Ct. App., Mar.
21, 1990); Folwell v. Bernard, 477 So. 2d 1060, 1063 (Fla.
App. 1985); Trinity Presbyterian Church of Montgomery
v. Tankersley, 374 So. 2d 861, 866 (Ala. 1979); Willis v.
 Cite as: (2025) 261

Thomas, J., concurring

Davis, 323 S. W. 2d 847, 848 (Ky. 1959); Wheelock v. First
Presbyterian Church, 119 Cal. 477, 483, 51 P. 841, 843 -- 844
(1897).
For instance, in Watson, the "nominal title-holders and
custodians of the church property" at issue were "a body
corporate" created by an "act of the Kentucky legislature."
13 Wall., at 720. That corporation, this Court recognized,
was not itself the church, but merely an entity "under the
control of the church session," an ecclesiastical "governing
body... composed of the ruling elders and pastor." Ibid.
Thus, "the constitution, usages, and laws of the Presbyterian
[Church]," not Kentucky corporate law, controlled the out-
come of the dispute. Ibid.
2
We have recognized that the original "understanding" of
the Religion Clauses' protection of church autonomy is "re-
fected" in early postratifcation practice. Hosanna-Tabor,
Page Proof Pending Publication
565 U. S., at 184 -- 185; see also Marsh v. Chambers, -- 790 (1983) (looking to early federal and state prac-
tice to determine the scope of the Establishment Clause).
Here, that history confrms that religious institutions are
more than the corporate entities that they form -- and that
confating the two undermines the First Amendment rights
of religious institutions.
Before Independence, corporate law provided the civil
government with a mechanism to interfere in ecclesiastical
affairs. Religious institutions had a particularly acute need
to incorporate during that period, because "an unincorpo-
rated association could not hold property in its own right."
P. Kauper & S. Ellis, Religious Corporations and the Law,
71 Mich. L. Rev. 1499, 1505 (1973). But, incorporating was
not easy. In most Colonies, a religious group had to petition
the government for a special charter of incorporation. Id.,
at 1507. And, the government frequently denied the re-
quests of disfavored religious denominations. Ibid.; see M.
McConnell, Establishment and Disestablishment at the
262 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Thomas, J., concurring

Founding, Part I: Establishment of Religion, 44 Wm. & Mary
L. Rev. 2105, 2134 -- 2135 (2003).
Following the Revolution, New York took a different path,
enacting a statute to allow churches to incorporate without
a special charter. 1784 N. Y. Laws ch. 18, p. 613 (1784 Act).
The State grounded its new approach in respect for church
autonomy. Invoking the free exercise clause of the State's
1777 constitution, the preamble to the 1784 Act condemned
the legislature's former practice of providing for "illiberal
and partial distributions of charters of incorporation to reli-
gious societies." Ibid. The 1784 Act liberalized the incor-
poration process "to enable every religious denomination to
provide for the decent and honorable support of divine wor-
ship." Id., at 614.
The 1784 Act authorized members of a church to elect
trustees who, upon registering with a court, would become
a body corporate able to hold property, exist perpetually, and
Page Proof Pending Publication
sue in court. Id., at 614 -- 615. But, although this body
could be "intrusted with the management, care and disposi-
tion of the temporalities of [the] church," the Act made clear
that the corporate body was not the church itself. Id., at
618. The Act did not purport to name the trustees the lead-
ers of the church, but took for granted that each church
would be headed by a "minister." Id., at 614. And, the Act
specifcally warranted that its provisions did not "in the least... alter or change the religious constitutions or govern-
ments" of any "churches." Id., at 618.
The 1784 Act soon became a model for the Nation at large.
With a handful of exceptions, analogous statutes were
"adopted in every American state during the antebellum
era." Funk 268, and (collecting statutes). This Court
approved this trend, holding that it neither established reli-
gion nor restrained free exercise for a legislature to "enact
laws more effectually to enable all sects to accomplish the
great objects of religion by giving them corporate rights for
 Cite as: (2025) 263

Thomas, J., concurring

the management of their property." Terrett v. Taylor, 9
Cranch 43, 48 -- 49 (1815). Thus, like New York and the
States following its approach, this Court too framed incorpo-
ration as a way to empower religious institutions, not to de-
fne them or alter their polity.
In contrast, when Congress in 1811 attempted to use the
corporate form to defne a church's internal form of govern-
ment, President James Madison raised a decisive constitu-
tional objection. "Congress had passed a bill incorporating
the Protestant Episcopal Church in the town of Alexandria
in what was then the District of Columbia." Hosanna-
Tabor, 565 U. S., at 184. President Madison vetoed the bill,
fnding that it violated the First Amendment because it did
not respect "the essential distinction between civil and reli-
gious functions." 22 Annals of Cong. 982 -- 983 (1811). Mad-
ison further explained:
"The bill enacts into, and establishes by law, sundry
Page Proof
rules and Pending
proceedings Publication
relative purely to the organization
and polity of the church incorporated, and comprehend-
ing even the election and removal of the Minister of the
same; so that no change could be made therein by the
particular society, or by the general church of which it
is a member, and whose authority it recognises." Id.,
at 983.

See also Hosanna-Tabor, 565 U. S., at 184 -- 185 (recounting
this episode and citing it as an early invocation of the church
autonomy doctrine).
In short, the corporation is made for the church, not the
church for the corporation. Both the basic principles of
church autonomy and the history of religious corporations
establish that religious institutions are more than the corpo-
rate entities that they form. It follows that the government
may not use such entities as a means of regulating the inter-
nal governance of religious institutions.
264 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Thomas, J., concurring

II
As a matter of church law, Catholic Charities and its sub-
entities are an arm of the Diocese of Superior, and thus, for
religious purposes, are not distinct organizations. But,
when determining whether Catholic Charities was a reli-
gious organization entitled to a tax exemption, the Wisconsin
Supreme Court nevertheless relied on Catholic Charities'
separate corporate charter to treat it as an entity entirely
distinct and separate from the Diocese. That holding con-
travened the church autonomy doctrine.

A
The Catholic Church is a single worldwide religious insti-
tution. The Church is headed by the Pope. Code of Canon
Law, Canon 331 (Latin-English ed. 1998). Catholics believe
that the Pope is the successor of St. Peter, the Apostle cho-
sen by Jesus to lead the Church. Ibid.; supra, at 257. The
Page Proof Pending Publication
Church is divided into dioceses. A diocese generally con-
sists of "all the faithful living" within "a defnite territory,"
who together constitute "a particular church" within the uni-
versal church. Code of Canon Law, Canons 369, 372,.
Each diocese is "entrusted to a bishop for him to shepherd."
Canon 369. The bishop exercises "legislative, executive,
and judicial power" over his diocese. Canon 391,.
This structure of the Church is a matter of faith, not mere
administrative convenience. Catholics believe that in nam-
ing the Apostles, Jesus personally established the offce of
bishop and willed that "the bishops... should be shepherds
in his church right to the end of the world." Second Vatican
Council, Lumen Gentium (1964), in 2
Tanner 849, 863; see Code of Canon Law, Canon 375, 
("Bishops... by divine institution succeed to the place of
the Apostles through the Holy Spirit who has been given
to them").
The Church understands itself to have a "three-fold" reli-
gious mission: "proclaiming the word of God," "celebrating
 Cite as: (2025) 265

Thomas, J., concurring

the sacraments," and "exercising the ministry of charity."
Pope Benedict XVI, Deus Caritas Est ¶25(a) (2005). "These
duties presuppose each other and are inseparable." Ibid.
"The Church" therefore "cannot neglect the service of char-
ity" -- that is, care "for widows and orphans, prisoners, and
the sick and needy of every kind" -- "any more than she can
neglect the Sacraments and the Word." Id., ¶22.
In keeping with the Church's hierarchical structure, "the
Bishops" have "primary responsibility for carrying out...
the service of charity" at the local level. Pope Benedict
XVI, On the Service of Charity, Introduction (2012). In particular, bishops are bound
under canon law to establish within their territories organi-
zations to carry out charitable works in the name of the
Church subject to their supervision and control. Brief for
Catholic Charities USA as Amicus Curiae 18; see generally
On the Service of Charity. "In the United States, these or-
ganizations are known as Catholic Charities." Brief for
Page Proof Pending Publication
Catholic Charities USA as Amicus Curiae 15. The works
of these organizations are considered acts of the Church it-
self. Deus Caritas Est ¶29.
The Diocese of Superior covers the northwest corner of
Wisconsin. Catholic Charities is the "social ministry arm"
of the Diocese. App. to Pet. for Cert. 371a.2 In keeping
with Catholic principles, the Bishop of Superior serves as
the head of Catholic Charities and exercises plenary author-
ity over it.
Catholic Charities is organized under state law as a non-
proft corporation governed by three members. The frst
member is the Bishop, who serves as the organization's presi-
dent. The second member is the Diocese's vicar general,
who is the vice president. Under canon law, the vicar gen-
eral is a priest chosen by the bishop to "assist him in the
2
Although there are other organizations called Catholic Charities affli-
ated with other dioceses, the Catholic Charities involved in this suit is
limited to the Diocese of Superior.
266 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Thomas, J., concurring

governance of the whole diocese." Code of Canon Law, Can-
ons 475, 478,. The third member is the organization's
executive director, who need not be a priest. The bishop
appoints both the vicar general and the executive director,
who serve at his pleasure. This structure gives the Bishop
control over both Catholic Charities and its separately incor-
porated subentities, up to and including the power to dissolve
them at will. See App. 193.

B
The Wisconsin Supreme Court disregarded this structure
of Catholic Charities and its subentities in adjudicating the
case below. The court acknowledged Catholic Charities'
status as an "arm" of the Diocese of Superior subject to the
bishop's "control." 2024 WI 13, ¶¶7, 9, 411 Wis. 2d 1, 13 -- 14,
3 N. W. 3d 666, 672. It nonetheless viewed Catholic Chari-
ties and its subentities as distinct, nonreligious organizations
Page Proof Pending Publication
merely because they are separately incorporated.
Wisconsin imposes a tax on employers to cover the cost
of state-provided unemployment benefits. Wis. Stat..17 -- 108.18. The tax covers most employers in the
State, but an exception applies if the employer is "a church"
or "an organization" controlled by a church that is "operated
primarily for religious purposes.".02(15)(h)(1) -- (2);
see ante, at 242. Catholic Charities and four of its subenti-
ties sought an exemption under the latter category. The
Wisconsin Supreme Court held that the organizations were
not operated for religious purposes, and thus that excluding
Catholic Charities and its subentities from the exemption did
not violate the Religion Clauses of the First Amendment.
See ante, at 245 -- 246.
In construing the scope of the exemption, the court began
with "the threshold question of whose purposes we must ex-
amine in our analysis -- those of the Diocese or those of
[Catholic Charities] and its sub-entities." 411 Wis. 2d, at 23,
3 N. W. 3d, at 676. The court treated this question as one
of ordinary statutory interpretation, determining that the
 Cite as: (2025) 267

Thomas, J., concurring

"plain language" of the statute required looking to the indi-
vidual corporate entity's purpose, not the purpose of the
church that operates or controls it. Ibid., 3 N. W. 3d, at
676 -- 677.
Catholic Charities objected that examining "itself and its
sub-entities as corporations separate from" the Diocese vio-
lates the First Amendment's guarantee of church autonomy
by " `divid[ing] up religious bodies according to secular prin-
ciples.' " Id., at 49, 3 N. W. 3d, at 689.
The Wisconsin Supreme Court disagreed. It acknowledged
that, under the First Amendment, matters of ecclesiastical
governance "belong to the church alone." Id., at 50, 3 N. W.
3d, at 690. But, it insisted that the exemption simply "de-
fnes what employment is for purposes of unemployment
insurance without reference to any religious principles or
any attempt to control internal church operations." Ibid.;
see ante, at 246.
The Wisconsin Supreme Court's resolution of this thresh-
Page Proof Pending Publication
old question was outcome determinative. The court recog-
nized that the Diocese's "purpose is religious by nature."
411 Wis. 2d, at 24, 3 N. W. 3d, at 677. In contrast, the court
found that Catholic Charities' and its subentities' purposes
"are primarily charitable and secular." Id., at 35, 3 N. W.
3d, at 683; see ante, at 245 -- 246. As Wisconsin concedes, had
the court resolved the threshold question of whose purpose
controls the other way, it would have found that Catholic
Charities and its subentities "would qualify for the church
exemption." Tr. of Oral Arg. 73 -- 74.

C
By failing to defer to the Bishop of Superior's religious
view that Catholic Charities and its subentities are an arm
of the Diocese, the Wisconsin Supreme Court violated the
church autonomy doctrine.
Wisconsin's unemployment tax implicates the church au-
tonomy doctrine. The statute on its face treats religious in-
stitutions differently from secular institutions: If an em-
268 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Thomas, J., concurring

ployer is "a church" or "an organization" controlled by a
church that is "operated primarily for religious purposes," it
is exempt from the tax; if not, the tax applies. Wis. Stat..02(15)(h)(1) -- (2). The statute makes this distinction
precisely "to preserve the religious autonomy of [the ex-
empted] organizations." Brief for Respondents 32; see ante,
at 253. The statute thus does not simply impose neutral
and generally applicable burdens that do not affect internal
governance; it requires civil courts to classify employers as
religious or not, and to treat them differently based on that
classifcation.
But, the church autonomy doctrine leaves it to religious
institutions to defne their internal structure for themselves.
Kedroff, 344 U. S., at 116. When deciding whether an em-
ployer qualifes as a religious institution, a civil court must
accept the employer's understanding of its internal struc-
ture, just as it must accept the employer's understanding of
Page Proof Pending Publication
its religious beliefs generally. See Milivojevich, 426 U. S.,
at 709 ("To permit civil courts to probe deeply enough into
the allocation of power within a hierarchical church so as to
decide religious law governing church polity would violate
the First Amendment in much the same manner as civil de-
termination of religious doctrine" (internal quotation marks
and alterations omitted)).
Here, there is no dispute that, as a matter of church gover-
nance, the Bishop of Superior -- the head of both the Diocese
of Superior and Catholic Charities -- considers Catholic
Charities and its subentities to be an "arm" of the Diocese
rather than a distinct organization. Supra, at 265. In other
words, Catholic Charities and its subentities are corporate
entities that the Diocese has created to carry out its religious
mission. It is therefore dispositive that, as the State con-
cedes, the Diocese qualifes for the religious employer ex-
emption. Tr. of Oral Arg. 73 -- 74. As an arm of the Diocese
from the Bishop's perspective, Catholic Charities and its sub-
 Cite as: (2025) 269

Thomas, J., concurring

entities must qualify as well, regardless of whether their ac-
tivities, considered in isolation, would qualify as religious.
In holding otherwise, the Wisconsin Supreme Court en-
tirely disregarded the Bishop's religious judgment, relying
instead on the fact that Catholic Charities and its subentities
"are organized as separate corporations apart from the
church itself." 411 Wis. 2d, at 35, 3 N. W. 3d, at 682. The
court thus made the error of treating a religious institution
as nothing more than its corporate entities.
Wisconsin defends its Supreme Court's judgment, arguing
that the church autonomy doctrine is inapposite because the
State has not compelled the Diocese to alter its structure.
In Wisconsin's view, the State has only imposed a minor tax
to which the Diocese has no conscience objection. But, "the
First Amendment protects against `indirect coercion or pen-
alties on the free exercise of religion, not just outright prohi-
bitions.' " Carson v. Makin, (2022). The
exclusion of "religious observers from otherwise available
Page Proof Pending Publication
public benefts" is a cognizable free exercise burden. Ibid.
This principle applies with full force to the church autonomy
doctrine. The doctrine rests on the premise that "civil
courts" must "exercise no jurisdiction" over "subject-
matter[s]" that are "ecclesiastical in its character." Wat-
son, 13 Wall., at 733. Regardless of
whether the religious institution's injury is direct coercion
or the withholding of a beneft, "essentially religious contro-
versies" are an inappropriate subject matter for civil courts
to decide. Milivojevich, 426 U. S., at 709.

* * *
The Court correctly holds that Catholic Charities and its
subentities have suffered unconstitutional religious discrimi-
nation even on the assumption that those entities should be
considered in isolation. See ante, at 249 -- 250. I would re-
verse for an additional reason -- that the Wisconsin Supreme
270 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Jackson, J., concurring

Court violated the church autonomy doctrine. However in-
corporated, Catholic Charities and its subentities are, from a
religious perspective, a mere arm of the Diocese of Superior.
The Wisconsin Supreme Court should have deferred to that
understanding, and its failure to do so amounted to an unlaw-
ful attempt by the State to redefne the Diocese's internal
governance.

Justice Jackson, concurring.
The Federal Unemployment Tax Act (FUTA) allows a
State to exempt from its unemployment-coverage mandate
any "organization which is operated primarily for religious
purposes and which is operated, supervised, controlled, or
principally supported by a church or convention or associa-
tion of churches." 26 U. S. C. (1)(B). Like many
States, Wisconsin enacted a religious-purposes exemption
that tracks (1)(B). As the Court explains, the Wis-
Page Proof Pending Publication
consin Supreme Court's application of that exemption has
created a constitutional problem: The State treats church-
affliated charities that proselytize and serve co-religionists
exclusively differently from those that do not. Ante, at 241 -- 
242. Because I agree that this distinction violates the neu-
trality principle of the Constitution's Religion Clauses, I join
the Court's opinion in full.
I write separately because, in my view, FUTA's religious-
purposes exemption does not distinguish between charitable
organizations based on their engagement in proselytization
or their service to religious adherents. Nor does that ex-
emption differentiate based on religious motivation, as the
Government (as amicus) insists. Rather, both the text and
legislative history of FUTA's religious-purposes exemption
confrm that Congress used the phrase "operated primarily
for religious purposes" to refer to the organization's function,
not its inspiration. Put differently, (1)(B) turns on
what an entity does, not how or why it does it.
 Cite as: (2025) 271

Jackson, J., concurring

I
America constructed its unemployment-insurance system
during the Great Depression to mitigate the disruptive ef-
fects of sudden job loss on workers. Wisconsin led the way
in 1932, after identifying unemployment as "an urgent public
problem." Wis. Stat..01(1). Congress followed suit
later that same decade by enacting FUTA, which "called for
a cooperative federal-state program of benefts to unem-
ployed workers." St. Martin Evangelical Lutheran Church
v. South Dakota, (1981).
FUTA operates by setting a federal minimum level of
unemployment coverage that state programs must provide
to remain eligible for certain grants and tax incentives., 3304. To obtain federal approval, States must man-
date participation by at least those categories of employers
that federal law requires to be covered.. FUTA
also allows -- but does not compel -- States to exempt specifc
Page Proof Pending Publication
categories of employers from mandatory participation.
Before 1970, FUTA allowed States to exempt nearly
all nonproft employers from unemployment coverage. See
(8) (1964 ed.). But in 1970, Congress reversed
course and required the opposite: that state unemployment-
insurance programs cover most nonproft workers. See Em-
ployment Security Amendments of 1970, 84 Stat. 697.
Addressing this raising of the unemployment-coverage foor,
the House Ways and Means Committee found that, with re-
spect to nonproft organizations, "unemployment affects a
substantial number of their employees, particularly people
working in nonprofessional occupations." H. R. Rep. No.
91 -- 612, p. 11 (1969) (H. R. Rep.). FUTA's inclusion of non-
profts addressed Congress's concerns "about the need of
their employees for protection against wage loss resulting
from unemployment." Ibid.
The 1970 amendments further specifed certain "new and
narrower" categories of permissible nonproft exemptions.
272 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Jackson, J., concurring

St. Martin, 451 U. S., at 777; see also. One was the
religious-purposes provision at issue here. Per the statute's
language (which Wisconsin subsequently adopted), a State
can choose to exempt from its unemployment-insurance man-
date "an organization which is operated primarily for reli-
gious purposes and which is operated, supervised, controlled,
or principally supported by a church or convention or associ-
ation of churches." (1)(B).1

II
This case arises out of a dispute about the meaning of the
phrase "operated primarily for religious purposes" in Wis.
Stat..02(15)(h)(2), which tracks (1)(B). When
the Wisconsin Supreme Court affrmed the denial of petition-
ers' exemption request, it concluded that this clause requires
judicial inquiry into "both the motivations and the activities
of the organization." 411 Wis. 2d 1, 33 (2024). With re-
spect to activities, the court examined how Catholic Chari-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ties and its subentities provided their charitable services,
and in particular, whether they did so while "attempt[ing]
to imbue program participants with the Catholic faith [o]r
supply[ing] any religious materials to program participants
or employees." Id., at 35. (They did not.) It also ob-
served that "[b]oth employment with the organizations and
services offered by the organizations are open to all partici-
pants regardless of religion." Ibid. The court further sug-
gested that a church-affliated charity would likely obtain the
exemption if it engaged in " `teaching, evangelism, and wor-
ship,' " but not otherwise. Ibid.
The Government urges us to hold that FUTA's use of the
phrase "operated primarily for religious purposes" refers
only to why the organization is engaging in the charitable
1
Wisconsin extended its unemployment-insurance program to cover
nonprofts, consistent with the 1970 FUTA amendments, in 1971. See
1971 Wis. Laws ch. 53. It also added a religious-purposes exemption that
mirrors (1)(B). See Wis. Stat..02(15)(h)(2).
 Cite as: (2025) 273

Jackson, J., concurring

work at issue -- i. e., "the motivations that drive the organiza-
tion to conduct its activities." Brief for United States as
Amicus Curiae 2. It argues that, in the context of an indi-
vidual, the word "purposes" most naturally refers to "the
mental state" accompanying their activities. Id., at 22. So,
the Government contends, a charity's eligibility for the ex-
emption must turn on its underlying motives. Ibid.
In my view, however, neither Wisconsin's motivations-
plus-activities reading (the how) nor the Government's
motivations-only interpretation (the why) accurately cap-
tures what Congress intended when it devised (1)(B)
to allow an exemption for church-affliated entities that are
"operated primarily for religious purposes." I think, in-
stead, that (1)(B) relates solely to what the entity
does. I reach that conclusion frst by examining the text of
the provision and then by consulting the statute's established
enactment history. These sources clarify that the religious-
purposes exemption is not applicable to general charitable
Page Proof Pending Publication
organizations -- e. g., soup kitchens, hospitals, or orphanages.
Rather, Congress designed the exemption to capture a much
narrower category of employers: church-affliated entities
that exist to perform religious functions.

A
Start with the text. To fall within (1)(B)'s ex-
emption, an employer must satisfy two requirements. First,
it must be "operated primarily for religious purposes."
(1)(B). Second, it must be "operated, supervised,
controlled, or principally supported by a church or conven-
tion or association of churches." Ibid. Here, no one dis-
putes that the Catholic Church operates, supervises, con-
trols, or principally supports the charities at issue. The
fght is over whether church-affliated charitable organiza-
tions -- subentities that primarily provide job training, men-
tal health, and other services to those with developmental
disabilities, along with the entity that oversees these and
274 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Jackson, J., concurring

other charities -- satisfy the first requirement; that is,
whether they "operat[e] primarily for religious purposes"
within the meaning of this provision. Ibid.
Notably, the language of the provision only goes so far,
because (1)(B) does not defne the term "religious
purposes. " And "purposes" admits of several possible
meanings. When used in certain contexts, such as "on pur-
pose," the term can refer to one's "intent." Webster's Third
New International Dictionary 1847 (1971). But it can also
mean "an end or aim to be kept in view in any plan, measure,
exertion, or operation." Ibid. Another way of conceptual-
izing this second defnition is: "[T]he object which one has in
view" or "[t]he object for which anything is done or made, or
for which it exists." 12 Oxford English Dictionary 878 (2d
ed. 1989). This accords with common usage of the term. If
something is put "to no good purpose," then it is not per-
forming any effective function.
The Government does not dispute that "purposes" can
Page Proof Pending Publication
refer to ends. Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 15.
But it views "ends" as relating solely to "an organization's
fundamental motivation for its affairs," not "the nature of
[its] activities." Id., at 15 -- 16. The Government does not
explain how it makes this logical leap -- from the entity's end
(i.e., the object it exists to achieve) to the entity's motivation
(i. e., its inspiration for seeking that achievement). In my
view, the only way to close the gap is to try to ascertain
Congress's intent. That is, because "religious purposes" is
susceptible to more than one reading in this context (it could
mean either what an entity does or why it does it), an inter-
preter of this provision must ask: Which reading did Con-
gress intend when it inserted that phrase into this statute?
The text of (1)(B) itself provides a clue. If one
reads "operated primarily for religious purposes" to track an
organization's motivation, rather than its function, the provi-
sion becomes almost entirely superfuous.
Recall that, to be exempt under (1)(B), the organi-
zation must be "operated, supervised, controlled, or princi-
 Cite as: (2025) 275

Jackson, J., concurring

pally supported by a church or convention or association of
churches." And, of course, every church has religious mo-
tives for its activities. Thus, prong two of (1)(B)
already establishes religious motivation (the charitable en-
tity is, after all, run by or otherwise closely affliated with a
church) -- leaving prong one with no additional work to do if
it, too, is interpreted as a religious-motive element. While
not dispositive, this superfuity problem weighs in favor of a
construction of "operated primarily for religious purposes"
that looks to what an entity does rather than its motives.
See TRW Inc. v. Andrews, (2001) (" `[A] stat-
ute ought, upon the whole, to be so construed that, if it can
be prevented, no clause, sentence, or word shall be superfu-
ous, void, or insignifcant' " )).
The functional understanding of "operated primarily
for religious purposes" also makes perfect sense. So inter-
preted, it addresses a different factor than prong two be-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cause it gets at what the church-run entity actually does.
Workforce programs train workers. Hospitals care for the
sick. Soup kitchens feed the hungry. Shelters house the
homeless.
That said, I admit that (1)(B)'s text alone may not
provide a dispositive answer, and thus requires further ex-
ploration. For that reason, I look to the provision's enact-
ment history. See American Broadcasting Cos. v. Aereo,
Inc., -- 439 (2014) (turning to legislative his-
tory when text is ambiguous); cf. Delaware v. Pennsylvania,
-- 139 (2023) (" `[C]lear evidence of congres-
sional intent may illuminate ambiguous text' "). In this
case, that history provides illuminating answers.

B
In the House and Senate Reports accompanying the 1970
FUTA amendments, Congress signaled that it designed the
(1)(B) exemption to distinguish between church-
related organizations performing ministerial functions
276 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Jackson, J., concurring

(which it wanted to allow States to exempt) and those per-
forming general charitable functions (which it wanted to re-
quire States to cover). This makes clear that what the en-
tity does matters for purposes of applying the exemption.
To explain this, Congress included a series of examples
distinguishing the kinds of church-run entities it thought
were exemptible. On the exempt side of the line, the Re-
ports list (1) a "college devoted primarily to preparing stu-
dents for the ministry," (2) "a novitiate," and (3) "a house of
study training candidates to become members of religious
orders." H. R. Rep., at 44; S. Rep. No. 91 -- 752, pp. 48 -- 49
(1970) (S. Rep.). On the nonexempt side of the line, the Re-
ports state that "a church related (separately incorporated)
charitable organization (such as, for example, an orphanage
or a home for the aged) would not be considered under this
paragraph to be operated primarily for religious purposes."
H. R. Rep., at 44; S. Rep., at 49. Nowhere does Congress
Page Proof Pending Publication
mention how, much less why, these paradigmatic entities go
about their work.
These examples are instructive. The exempt category as
the Reports defned it lists solely church-run nonprofts that
have service to the church itself as their main objective. A
novitiate, for instance, is an entity that trains and houses
novices who are deciding whether to pursue a life in a reli-
gious order or priesthood. Indeed, what unites all three
"exempt" entities is what they do: preparing people for reli-
gious life and for service to the church, i. e., they all serve
religious functions. By contrast, the nonexempt category
consists of general charitable organizations affliated with a
church. A church-related "orphanage" or "home for the
aged" is not "operated primarily for religious purposes" -- at
least within the meaning Congress intended that phrase to
carry. H. R. Rep., at 44; S. Rep., at 49.
Through the Reports' examples, Congress thus clarifed
that it does not matter how or why the entity goes about its
work. All that matters is what it does. As such, orphan-
 Cite as: (2025) 277

Jackson, J., concurring

ages, nursing homes, and charities like them -- i. e., entities
whose "purpose" is to care for children or tend to the el-
derly -- do not exhibit what Congress considered to be "reli-
gious purposes" under this exemption. And that is true re-
gardless of whether religion motivates the entity's work.

III
This function-based reading of "operated primarily for re-
ligious purposes" not only follows from the text and legisla-
tive history of (1)(B). It also best accords with the
anti-entanglement justifcation for the religious-purposes
exemption. Wisconsin maintains that it adopted its state
version of (1)(B) to keep the government out of
unemployment-eligibility adjudications that implicate ques-
tions of church doctrine. See Brief for Respondents 21 -- 24.
But a reading of the exemption that requires assessment of
the entity's motivations, instead of its actual work, does little
Page Proof Pending Publication
to further that anti-entanglement objective.
Consider the state unemployment-insurance scheme at
issue here. Unemployed workers are not automatically eli-
gible to receive unemployment benefts; those who have been
terminated for "misconduct," for example, may be ineligible.
Wis. Stat..04(5). Employers can therefore object to
any worker's unemployment claim on misconduct grounds.
See.09(1). When that happens, the State's unemploy-
ment agency must then decide whether to deny benefts by
considering the circumstances of the unemployment-beneft
applicant's discharge.
For certain church-related employers -- e. g., novitiates,
houses of study, and colleges that train ministers -- that as-
sessment might "entangl[e] the state in employment disputes
that turn on religious faith and doctrine." Brief for Re-
spondents 12. Imagine, for example, the adjudication of dis-
putes over the suffciency of a fred employee's prayers or the
accuracy of their scriptural teaching. Indeed, it is precisely
because of what novitiates, houses of religious study, and
278 CATHOLIC CHARITIES BUREAU, INC. v. WISCONSIN
LABOR & INDUSTRY REVIEW COMM'N
Jackson, J., concurring

ministerial training colleges do (prepare individuals for reli-
gious life) that potential entanglement problems occur. By
contrast, when a church-run entity provides general charita-
ble services to the public, the same kinds of entanglement
issues are far less likely to arise.2
What is more, a motive-focused exemption inquiry pre-
sents potential entanglement problems of its own. If taken
seriously as an eligibility requirement (as opposed to a rub-
berstamp for any organization that professes religious mo-
tives), it would require assessing whether an entity is really
motivated primarily by religion -- an intrusive exploration
into the hearts and minds of those who run it. See Brief
for United States as Amicus Curiae 19 -- 21 (listing evidence
courts might examine to assess a nonproft's "true motiva-
tions"). Requiring courts to engage in the business of eval-
uating religious motivation is a sensitive endeavor. And
here, it is unnecessary, because the church-affliation prong
already does that work. It actually serves no rational objec-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tive, as the sincerity of an entity's religious motives has little
if anything to do with the problem Congress sought to
address.
* * *
Church-related nonproft employers care for the sick, feed
the hungry, and improve the world in countless ways. Most
do this -- no doubt -- for religious reasons. All do this thanks
to their employees' labor. As I read (1)(B), evaluat-
2
Consider a church-related hospital that employs hundreds of workers -- 
"janitors, cooks, dining assistants, housekeepers, van drivers, technicians,
maintenance workers, secretaries, x-ray technologists, groundskeepers,
receptionists, orderlies, nurses, anesthesia aides, sonographers, medical
aides, occupational therapy assistants, security offcers" -- the list goes on.
Brief for Service Employees International Union et al. as Amici Curiae
6 -- 7 (listing jobs that amici's members perform at religiously affliated
nonprofits). While the hospital may have a wholly sincere, Christ-
centered mission, its religious motivation has little if anything to do with
whether adjudicating unemployment claims from this hospital's laid-off
workers will entangle church and state.
 Cite as: (2025) 279

Jackson, J., concurring

ing whether a church-affliated nonproft "operate[s] primar-
ily for religious purposes" is not a matter of assessing the
sincerity or primacy of its religious motives. Instead, as
with so many other interpretive issues, determining what
the religious-purposes exemption means involves attempting
to discern what Congress was trying to achieve. Here, Con-
gress sought to extend to most nonproft workers the stabil-
ity that unemployment insurance offers, while exempting a
narrow category of church-affliated entities most likely to
cause signifcant entanglement problems for the unemploy-
ment system -- precisely because their work involves prepar-
ing individuals for religious life. It is perfectly consistent
with the opinion the Court hands down today for States to
align their (1)(B)-based religious-purposes exemp-
tions with Congress's true focus.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 243, last line: "ascribe" is changed to "adhere"
p. 267, line 16: "church" is inserted before "operations"
p. 275, line 8: "superfuidity" is changed to "superfuity"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 2
Pages 376 -- 394

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 12, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
376 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

PARRISH v. UNITED STATES

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fourth circuit
No. 24 -- 275. Argued April 21, 2025 -- Decided June 12, 2025
Federal inmate Donte Parrish alleges that he was placed in restrictive
segregated confnement for 23 months based on his suspected involve-
ment in another inmate's death. After a hearing offcer cleared him of
wrongdoing, Parrish fled suit in Federal District Court seeking dam-
ages for his time in segregated confnement. The District Court dis-
missed his case on March 23, 2020, holding that some claims were un-
timely and others unexhausted. When the court's order reached the
federal prison two weeks later, Parrish was no longer there, having been
transferred to a different facility. Parrish received the dismissal order
three months after it was issued and promptly fled a notice of appeal,
explaining his delayed receipt. The Fourth Circuit recognized that
Parrish's notice of appeal came well after the 60-day appeal period for
suits against the United States, so it construed Parrish's fling as a mo-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion to reopen the time to appeal under 28 U. S. C.. On re-
mand, the District Court granted reopening for 14 days. Parrish did
not fle a second notice of appeal. Although both Parrish and the
United States argued that the original notice of appeal was suffcient,
the Fourth Circuit held that Parrish's failure to fle a new notice of
appeal within the reopened appeal period deprived the court of
jurisdiction.
Held: A litigant who fles a notice of appeal after the original appeal dead-
line but before the court grants reopening need not fle a second notice
after reopening. The original notice relates forward to the date re-
opening is granted. Pp. 381 -- 391.
(a) Civil litigants must ordinarily fle a notice of appeal within 30 days
after entry of judgment, or 60 days when the United States is a party., (b). In civil cases, the requirement to fle a timely notice is
jurisdictional. Bowles v. Russell,. Congress created
two exceptions: Courts may extend the appeal time upon a showing of
excusable neglect or good cause, and courts may reopen the time for
appeal when a party entitled to notice does not receive it within 21 days
of entry.. Here, there is no dispute that the District Court
properly reopened Parrish's time to appeal. Pp. 381 -- 382.
(b) Section 2107(c) establishes that a reopened appeal period runs for
14 days from "the date of entry of the order reopening the time for
 Cite as: (2025) 377

Syllabus

appeal." A notice fled after that 14-day period is late, meaning it can
no longer serve its purpose. Bowles, 551 U. S., at 214. A notice fled
before reopening is granted, however, is merely early. While the stat-
ute's text does not address the jurisdictional consequences of a prema-
ture fling, Congress legislates against the background of common-law
principles, which apply unless a contrary statutory purpose is evident.
See Astoria Fed. Sav. & Loan Assn. v. Solimino,.
This Court has long held that premature but adequate notices of appeal
should relate forward to the entry of the document that makes an appeal
possible. For over a century, the Court has consistently applied this
principle to avoid dismissing appeals based on mere technicalities when
"no genuine doubt exists about who is appealing, from what judgment,
to which appellate court." Becker v. Montgomery, -- 
768.
The practice with regard to premature notices did not change when
Congress passed the frst version of what is now 28 U. S. C. in
1948, or when the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure were subse-
quently promulgated. The text of itself provides no indication
that Congress sought to "terminate" the longstanding relation-forward
rule "or disturb its development." Minerva Surgical, Inc. v. Hologic,
Inc.,. Applying the relation-forward rule, Parrish's
Page Proof Pending Publication
notice related forward to the date of the District Court's reopening
order. Pp. 382 -- 386.
(c) Counterarguments are unpersuasive. While the word "reopen"
presumes the appeal period has closed, this merely confrms that Par-
rish's notice was premature with respect to the reopened period -- it does
not resolve whether the notice should relate forward. The character-
ization of the notice as "late" rather than "premature" fails to recognize
that there were two proper times to appeal: the original 60-day period
and the 14-day reopening period. The Fourth Circuit's concern that a
single fling cannot serve dual purposes is contradicted by precedent
recognizing that one document can simultaneously function as both a
notice of appeal and other required flings. See, e. g., Smith v. Barry,. Pp. 386 -- 387.
(d) The Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure support this result.
Rules 4(a)(2) and 4(a)(4) codify the principle that premature notices
should relate forward when they do not prejudice opposing parties.
The 1993 amendment eliminating restrictions on relation-forward was
specifcally designed to avoid creating "a trap for an unsuspecting liti-
gant" and to address the problem that "[m]any litigants, especially pro
se litigants, fail[ed] to fle the second notice of appeal." Fed. Rule App.
Proc. 4, 28 U. S. C. App., p. 11. Rule 4(a)(6)'s silence on relation-forward
does not create a negative implication prohibiting it, particularly given
378 PARRISH v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

the Rules' emphasis on securing "just, speedy, and inexpensive determi-
nation" of every action or proceeding and disregarding "errors and de-
fects that do not affect any party's substantial rights." Fed. Rules Civ.
Proc. 1, 61. So long as Rule 4(a)(6) does not speak to relation forward,
the default rule applies. That means Parrish's appeal can go forward
under the Federal Rules as well as the statute. Pp. 387 -- 390.
74 F. 4th 160, reversed and remanded.

Sotomayor, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Alito, Kagan, Kavanaugh, and Barrett, JJ., joined. Jack-
son, J., fled an opinion concurring in the judgment, in which Thomas, J.,
joined, post, p. 391. Gorsuch, J., fled a dissenting opinion, post, p. 393.

Amanda K. Rice argued the cause for petitioner. With
her on the briefs were Amanda R. Parker, Sarah Welch, and
Samuel V. Lioi.
Aimee W. Brown argued the cause for the United States in
support of petitioner. With her on the briefs were Solicitor
General Sauer, Acting Solicitor General Harris, Deputy As-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sistant Attorney General McArthur, Deputy Solicitor Gen-
eral Kneedler, and Steven A. Myers.
Michael R. Huston, by invitation of the Court, argued the cause and fled a brief as amicus cu-
riae in support of the judgment below. With him on the
brief were Karl J. Worsham, Addison W. Bennett, Jordan
M. Buckwald, Victoria L. Romine, and Jacob J. Taber.*

Justice Sotomayor delivered the opinion of the Court.
In civil litigation, fling your notice of appeal too late de-
prives the court of appeals of jurisdiction over the appeal.
Litigants who miss the appeal deadline because they do not

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Center for
Constitutional Rights et al. by Jaqueline Aranda Osorno, Lucia Goin, and
Jim Davy; for the Roderick & Solange MacArthur Justice Center et al.
by Aram A. Gavoor; and for the University of Illinois Chicago School of
Law -- Pro Bono Litigation Clinic by Yelena Duterte and J. Damian Ortiz.
Bryan Lammon, pro se, and Jennifer Franklin fled a brief for Bryan
Lammon as amicus curiae.
 Cite as: (2025) 379

Opinion of the Court

timely receive the district court's decision, however, are not
without recourse. In such circumstances, Congress has au-
thorized courts to reopen the time to appeal. The question
in this case is whether a litigant who fles a notice of appeal
before the court grants reopening must fle a second notice
after reopening.
The answer is no. A notice of appeal fled after the origi-
nal deadline but before reopening is late with respect to the
original appeal period, but merely early with respect to the
reopened one. Precedent teaches that a premature notice of
appeal, if otherwise adequate, relates forward to the date
of the order making the appeal possible. So a notice fled
before reopening relates forward to the date reopening is
granted, making a second notice unnecessary. Because the
Fourth Circuit held otherwise, this Court now reverses.

I
A
Page Proof Pending Publication
In the winter of 2009, while petitioner Donte Parrish was
incarcerated at the federal prison in Hazelton, West Virginia,
a group of inmates attacked and killed Jimmy Lee Wilson.
An incident report found Parrish partly responsible. Not
long thereafter, Parrish was placed in restrictive, segregated
confnement, where he remained for 23 months. The reason,
Parrish says, was his alleged involvement in Wilson's death.
Yet Parrish did not receive a hearing to contest his guilt
until August 2015, long after his segregated confnement had
ended. Eventually, following a second hearing and an ap-
peal, a discipline hearing offcer expunged Parrish's discipli-
nary record and concluded he had committed "[n]o prohibited
act" during the incident. App. in No. 20 -- 1766 (CA4), p. 77.
Parrish fled two administrative tort claims, alleging due
process violations and wrongful confnement. When the
Government rejected those claims, Parrish fled this suit in
Federal District Court, seeking damages for his time in seg-
regated custody. The District Court dismissed the case,
380 PARRISH v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

holding that some claims were untimely and others
unexhausted.
B
The important part, for present purposes, is what hap-
pened next. The District Court entered its judgment dis-
missing the case on March 23, 2020. The next day, Parrish
was released from federal custody and transferred to a state
penitentiary. So when the District Court's order fnally
made it to the federal prison two weeks later, Parrish was
no longer there.
Parrish ultimately received the opinion and judgment dis-
missing his lawsuit three months after the District Court
had issued it. He promptly sent a letter to the court, ex-
plaining that "[d]ue to my being transferred from Federal to
State custody I did not receive this order until June 25, 2020.
It is now 7/8/20 and I'm fling this notice of appeal." App.
to Pet. for Cert. 71a. The Fourth Circuit recognized that
Page Proof Pending Publication
Parrish's notice of appeal came well after the 60-day appeal
period for suits against the United States, but construed it
as a motion to reopen the time to fle an appeal under 28
U. S. C.. 827 Fed. Appx. 327 (2020). On remand,
the District Court granted reopening "for fourteen (14) days
following the entry of this Order" and transmitted the record
back to the Fourth Circuit. App. to Pet. for Cert. 61a -- 62a.
Parrish did not fle a second notice of appeal.
Back at the Court of Appeals, the United States indicated
that Parrish's initial notice of appeal had adequately commu-
nicated his "intent to seek appellate review," meaning (in
the Government's view) that he was "not required to fle a
second notice." Brief for United States in No. 20 -- 1766
(CA4), pp. 10 -- 11 (capitalization and boldface omitted). Par-
rish agreed.
The Fourth Circuit did not. In the Fourth Circuit's view,
Parrish should have fled a new notice of appeal after the
District Court reopened the appeal window. Unlike an ex-
tension of the original appeal period, the Fourth Circuit rea-
 Cite as: (2025) 381

Opinion of the Court

soned, reopening under "provides for a new 14-day
window for fling a notice of appeal, running from the date
of the district court's order granting the reopening." 74
F. 4th 160, 165 (2023). Parrish's frst notice was untimely
with respect to the original appeal period and he failed to
fle an appeal within the reopened period, so, the court held,
it lacked jurisdiction to hear his case. In dissent, then-Chief
Judge Gregory argued that the reopening order had "vali-
dated [Parrish's] earlier notice of appeal," such that no
second notice was required. Id., at 168. The full Circuit
denied rehearing en banc by a vote of 9 to 6.
Because the Fourth Circuit's holding created a split with
at least two other Courts of Appeals,1 this Court granted
certiorari, (2025), to decide whether a litigant
who fles a notice of appeal after the ordinary appeal period
expires must fle a second notice after the appeal period is
reopened, Pet. for Cert. i. Parrish and the United States
agree the answer to that question is no, so the Court ap-
Page Proof Pending Publication
pointed Michael Huston as amicus curiae to defend the judg-
ment below. (2025). He has ably discharged
his responsibilities.
II
A
Litigants must ordinarily fle a notice of appeal within 30
days "after the entry of " the relevant "judgment, order[,]
or decree" to secure their right to an appeal. 28 U. S. C.. When the United States is involved as a party, as
it is here, that period is extended to 60 days.. In
1
See Winters v. Taskila, 88 F. 4th 665, 671 (CA6 2023), and United
States v. Withers, 638 F. 3d 1055, 1061 -- 1062 (CA9 2011), both holding that
a post-reopening notice of appeal is not required to confer appellate juris-
diction under 28 U. S. C.. Other Circuits have adopted the same
approach in unpublished opinions. See Holden v. Attorney Gen. of N. J.,
2023 WL 8798084, *1, (CA3, Dec. 20, 2023); Norwood v. East Allen
Cty. Schools, 825 Fed. Appx. 383, 386 -- 387 (CA7 2020); United States v.
Marshall, 1998 WL 864012, *2 (CA10, Dec. 14, 1998).
382 PARRISH v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

a civil case, the requirement to fle a timely notice of appeal
is jurisdictional. Bowles v. Russell, 
(2007).
Recognizing that harsh consequences would result from
unyielding application of these deadlines, Congress crafted
two exceptions. First, any time during the appeal period,
or within 30 days after its expiration, the district court may
"extend the time for appeal upon a showing of excusable ne-
glect or good cause.". Second, when "a party
entitled to notice" of a decision "d[oes] not receive such notice... within 21 days of [the decision's] entry," the district court
may "reopen the time for appeal for a period of 14 days from
the date of entry of the [reopening] order," if no party would
be prejudiced by the reopening. Ibid. To take advantage
of the latter provision, a litigant must fle a motion to reopen
"within 180 days after entry of the judgment or order or
within 14 days after" receiving it, "whichever is earlier."
Ibid.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Here, all agree, the District Court properly reopened Par-
rish's time to appeal because Parrish fled his notice within
14 days of receiving the judgment dismissing his case, and
no prejudice would result from reopening. The question is
whether Parrish's subsequent failure to fle a second notice of
appeal deprived the Fourth Circuit of appellate jurisdiction.

B
Because sets the jurisdictional requirements re-
lated to reopening, the analysis begins there. The statute's
text makes clear that a reopened appeal period does not
begin until "the date of entry of the order reopening the time
for appeal," and that it thereafter runs "for a period of 14
days." A notice fled after that 14-day period is late, mean-
ing, this Court has held, that it can no longer serve its pur-
pose. Bowles, 551 U. S., at 214. A notice fled before re-
opening is granted, however, is merely early. And while the
statute's text makes clear that a pre-reopening notice would
 Cite as: (2025) 383

Opinion of the Court

be early, it says nothing about whether such prematurity
should be given jurisdictional consequences.
Congress legislates, however, "against a background of
common-law adjudicatory principles," and it expects those
principles to apply "except `when a statutory purpose to the
contrary is evident.' " Astoria Fed. Sav. & Loan Assn. v.
Solimino, (1991) ). When Congress
passed the provision allowing reopening of the appeal period
in 1991, then, it would have expected background rules gov-
erning early notices of appeal to continue to apply. 501
U. S., at 108. Here, those rules make clear that Parrish
should have been able to proceed with his appeal.
This Court has long emphasized that " `the purpose of
pleading is to facilitate a proper decision on the merits.' "
Foman v. Davis, (1962). Accordingly, "im-
perfections in noticing an appeal should not be fatal where
Page Proof Pending Publication
no genuine doubt exists about who is appealing, from what
judgment, to which appellate court." Becker v. Montgom-
ery, -- 768 (2001) ). Consistent with that core
principle, "the technical defect of prematurity... should
not be allowed to extinguish an otherwise proper appeal."
FirsTier Mortgage Co. v. Investors Mortgage Ins. Co., (1991). Instead, an adequate but premature
notice of appeal "relates forward to the entry of the docu-
ment that renders an appeal possible." 16A C. Wright, A.
Miller, E. Cooper, & C. Struve, Federal Practice and Proce-
dure.5, p. 453 (5th ed. 2019) (reviewing the Circuits'
application of that rule).
This Court has adhered to that principle for well over a
century. In Ex parte Roberts, 15 Wall. 384 (1873), the Court
held that a defendant who fled near-simultaneous motions
for a new trial and "for the allowance of an appeal" could
have his appeal heard after the district court ruled on the
new trial motion. Id., at 385 -- 386. The Court reaffrmed
384 PARRISH v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

that holding in Luckenbach S. S. Co. v. United States, (1926), explaining that a notice of appeal fled before
disposition of a new-trial motion was "premature" but "not
a nullity." Id., at 535. More than two decades later, a
unanimous Court summarily reversed the Ninth Circuit for
dismissing an appeal in a criminal case where the defendant
had fled his notice after the court announced his sentence
but before the entry of judgment. Lemke v. United States,
(1953) (per curiam).
Congress passed the frst version of what is now 28 U. S. C.
in 1948, setting the 30- and 60-day timelines for civil
appeals that still exist today. See 62 Stat. 963. That enact-
ment did not change the practice with regard to premature
notices. In Foman, this Court held (again unanimously)
that the combination of a timely but incomplete notice of ap-
peal and a premature but complete notice suffced to convey
appellate jurisdiction. 371 U. S., at 181. In the process, the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Court emphasized that "decisions on the merits" ought not
be "avoided on the basis of... mere technicalities." Ibid.
More recently, after promulgation of the frst Federal Rules
of Appellate Procedure, we held that an appeal fled after a
ruling from the bench but before the entry of judgment was
effective, notwithstanding its prematurity. FirsTier, 498
U. S., at 274. That holding, the Court explained, refected
the "general practice in the courts of appeals of deeming cer-
tain premature notices of appeal effective." Id., at 273, 275 -- 
276, and Firchau v. Diamond Nat. Corp., 345
F. 2d 269 (CA9 1965)); see generally 16A Wright, Federal
Practice and Procedure.5 (collecting cases).
The text of, enacted on the heels of FirsTier, pro-
vides no indication that Congress sought to "terminate" the
longstanding relation-forward rule "or disturb its develop-
ment." Minerva Surgical, Inc. v. Hologic, Inc., (2021). It simply does not speak to the issue. The
 Cite as: (2025) 385

Opinion of the Court

natural inference, therefore, is that Congress expected the
relation-forward principle to apply. Ibid.
A contrary result would not only "subvert congressional
design," ibid., it would also make little sense. The purpose
of a notice of appeal (as its moniker suggests) is to provide
opposing parties and the court with notice of one's intent to
appeal. That is why "the notice afforded by a document...
determines the document's suffciency as a notice of appeal."
Smith, 502 U. S., at 248. So long as "no genuine doubt exists
about who is appealing, from what judgment, to which appel-
late court," Becker, 532 U. S., at 767 -- 768, there is little value
and signifcant harm in dismissing appeals on the basis of
prematurity alone.
This case illustrates the point. As the Government ad-
mits, it was perfectly clear after Parrish's frst notice that
he intended to appeal his case's dismissal. Sending another
notice would amount to nothing more than " `empty paper
shuffing.' " Hinton v. Elwood, 997 F. 2d 774, 778 (CA10
Page Proof Pending Publication
1993). Yet on account of that procedural nicety, the Fourth
Circuit would have deprived Parrish of his right to an ap-
peal. Absent clear congressional direction to the contrary,
"[i]t is too late in the day... for decisions on the merits
to be avoided on the basis of such mere technicalities" as
prematurity. Foman, 371 U. S., at 181.2
Applying the default relation-forward rule, Parrish's sin-
gle notice of appeal conveyed appellate jurisdiction to the
2
In the context of reopening, requiring pro se litigants to refle their
appeal after the district court has told them their delay in appealing has
been excused is especially likely to lead to confusion. Given the brevity of
the reopening period, moreover, this rule would leave many incarcerated
litigants without any means to take advantage of reopening. District
court decisions are slow to reach inmates at the best of times. In this
case, the judgment sent by certifed mail to the federal prison where Par-
rish had been incarcerated took 15 days to arrive there. Had the reopen-
ing order been delivered at the same speed, the reopened appeal period
would have been over before the order granting it arrived.
386 PARRISH v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Fourth Circuit. True, with respect to the original appeal
window, the notice came too late. With respect to the 14-
day reopening period, however, Parrish's notice was merely
premature. Parrish's fling otherwise provided ample notice
to all involved. Accordingly, his notice related forward to
the date of the District Court's reopening order.

C
Amicus's counterarguments do not persuade. The word
"reopen," he argues, "presumes that the period to appeal has
already closed before the motion is fled." Brief for Court-
Appointed Amicus Curiae 14. It follows that the 14-day
appeals period following reopening "is the only time during
which an appeal can be commenced." Ibid. Because Par-
rish's notice came before that time, the argument goes, it
should be given no effect.
The problem with this argument is that it establishes only
Page Proof Pending Publication
that Parrish's notice of appeal came too early with respect
to the reopened appeals period. Yet that much was never
in dispute. The question, rather, is whether Parrish's pre-
mature notice related forward to the entry of the reopening
order. Simply showing that the notice came too early
merely restates the question; it does not answer it.
Perhaps sensing this problem, amicus attempts to charac-
terize Parrish's notice as tardy rather than premature. Ac-
cording to amicus, "premature" means " `done before the
usual, proper, or appointed time,' " and (he says) here the
appointed time for appealing "was within 60 days after the
judgment." Id., at 26 ). Because Parrish "fled his only notice of
appeal after that window closed," amicus argues, the notice
was late, not early. Brief for Court-Appointed Amicus Cu-
riae 26. That argument simply elides that there were two
"proper" times to appeal here, not one: The original 60-day
period, and the 14-day reopening. Parrish's notice was late
only with respect to the former.
 Cite as: (2025) 387

Opinion of the Court

Driving the Fourth Circuit's analysis, meanwhile, was the
idea that, once Parrish's fling had been construed as a mo-
tion to reopen, it could not simultaneously retain its function
as a notice of appeal. 74 F. 4th, at 163 ("[B]ecause Parrish's
earlier fling has already been construed" as a motion to re-
open, "we cannot now reconstrue it to be simultaneously
both the motion that must precede a district court's reopen-
ing order and the notice that must follow after the order is
granted"). This Court has repeatedly emphasized, however,
that a single fling can serve multiple purposes in just such
fashion. For example, one fling can serve simultaneously
as the principal merits brief and the notice of appeal that
would ordinarily precede it. Smith, 502 U. S., at 245. Simi-
larly, one fling can serve as a notice of appeal as well as an
antecedent request for certifcate of appealability. See
Slack v. McDaniel, (2000). There is no
reason why Parrish's fling could not similarly serve as both
a notice of appeal and a request for reopening.
Page Proof Pending Publication
In sum, did not deprive the Fourth Circuit of ap-
pellate jurisdiction over Parrish's appeal.3

III
The Rules of Appellate Procedure do not bar Parrish's ap-
peal, either. To the contrary, they are entirely consistent
with the relation-forward principle.
As this Court has recognized, Rules 4(a)(2) and 4(a)(4)
"codify" the general understanding that "certain premature
notices do not prejudice the appellee and that the technical
defect of prematurity therefore should not be allowed to ex-

3
The dissent would have dismissed this case as improvidently granted
because, in its view, the Rules Committee could have resolved the question
presented. Post, at 393 (opinion of Gorsuch, J.). Yet " `[it] is axiomatic
that the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure do not create or withdraw fed-
eral jurisdiction.' " Hamer v. Neighborhood Housing Servs. of Chicago,
(2017). Accordingly, the Rules Committee could not
change the Fourth Circuit's jurisdictional holding about.
388 PARRISH v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

tinguish an otherwise proper appeal." FirsTier, 498 U. S.,
at 273. Thus, Rule 4(a)(2) explains that a notice fled "after
the court announces a decision or order," but "before the
entry of the judgment or order," relates forward to the date
the judgment is entered.4 And Rule 4(a)(4) explains that, if
a notice of appeal is fled before the district court has dis-
posed of certain specifed post-trial motions, the notice of
appeal will relate forward to the date of the "order disposing
of the last such" motion.
A prior iteration of Rule 4(a)(4) prohibited relation for-
ward in certain limited contexts, requiring duplicative no-
tices of appeal. The result: "Many litigants, especially
pro se litigants, fail[ed] to fle the second notice of appeal."
Fed. Rule App. Proc. 4, 28 U. S. C. App., p. 11, and Harcon
Barge Co. v. D & G Boat Rentals, Inc., 746 F. 2d 278 (CA5
1984)). So in 1993, the Rules Committee amended Rule 4
to delete its restrictions on the relation-forward principle,
Page Proof Pending Publication
concluding they "created a trap for an unsuspecting litigant
who fles a notice of appeal before a posttrial motion, or while
a posttrial motion is pending." 28 U. S. C. App., at 11.
Today, nothing in the Rules suggests any intent to abro-
gate the relation forward of premature notices of appeal.
To the contrary, "the spirit of the Federal Rules" is that "de-
cisions on the merits [should not] be avoided on the basis of... mere technicalities." Foman, 371 U. S., at 181. Federal
Rule of Civil Procedure 1 provides that the Rules "should be
construed, administered, and employed by the court and the
parties to secure the just, speedy, and inexpensive determi-
nation of every action and proceeding." Thus, courts are
directed to "disregard all errors and defects that do not af-

4
The same rule applies in criminal appeals. Rule 4(b)(2), which codifes
this Court's holding in Lemke v. United States, (1953) (per cu-
riam), provides that "[a] notice of appeal fled after the court announces a
decision, sentence, or order -- but before the entry of the judgment or
order -- is treated as fled on the date of and after the entry").
 Cite as: (2025) 389

Opinion of the Court

fect any party's substantial rights." Fed. Rule Civ. Proc.
61. When a premature notice of appeal makes clear "who is
appealing, from what judgment, to which appellate court,"
Becker, 532 U. S., at 767 -- 768, its relation forward to entry
of the document formally enabling the appeal does not
affect substantial rights.5 By contrast, as the Commit-
tee's prior experiment with a contrary Rule illustrated,
see supra, at 388, requiring a second notice of appeal
substantially undermines the rights of unsophisticated
litigants.
Amicus points out that Rules 4(a)(2) and 4(a)(4) expressly
permit relation forward, while Rule 4(a)(6), governing re-
opening, is silent on the issue. By way of negative implica-
tion, amicus says, it follows that relation forward is not per-
mitted in the context of reopening. " `The force of any
negative implication, however, depends on context. ' "
NLRB v. SW General, Inc., (2017) ).
Page Proof Pending Publication
Here that context includes not only the background relation-
forward principle but also the Rules' own emphasis on func-
tion over form. Foman, 371 U. S., at 181. Against that
backdrop it is unlikely that the Rules Committee sought im-
pliedly to prohibit relation forward in Rule 4(a)(6) by allow-
ing it in Rules 4(a)(2) and 4(a)(4), neither of which have any-
thing to do with reopening. 6 Indeed, this Court has

5
That principle explains as well why the Rules do not permit "a notice
of appeal from a clearly interlocutory decision -- such as a discovery ruling
or a sanction order under Rule 11... -- to serve as a notice of appeal from
the fnal judgment." FirsTier Mortgage Co. v. Investors Mortgage Ins.
Co., (1991). A notice so far removed from the relevant
appealable decision would not make clear "from what judgment" the appel-
lant intends to seek relief. Becker, 532 U. S., at 767.
6
To be sure, that Rule 4(a)(4) specifcally enumerates certain specifed
post-trial motions may raise a negative inference that relation forward is
not permitted, under the Rules, with respect to other post-trial motions.
But any such inference does not extend to the entirely distinct context of
Rule 4(a)(6) reopening.
390 PARRISH v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

previously recognized that the Rules' codifcation of a pre-
existing practice in one context need not imply that all other
applications are foreclosed. See Scarborough v. Principi,
-- 418 (2004).
Amicus's reading is made particularly implausible by the
fact that relation forward of a postjudgment notice preced-
ing a reopening order could not prejudice the other parties.
To reopen the appeals period, a would-be appellant must fle
either a request to reopen, or (as here) a notice of appeal
that is construed as such a request. Assuming the flings
are otherwise adequate, either one would put the other side
on notice of the fler's intent to appeal. Other parties thus
have nothing to gain from being served a second notice after
reopening is granted.
Finally, the Rules Committee knows how to restrict rela-
tion forward when it wants to do so. Recall that Rule
4(a)(4) codifes this Court's holdings that a notice of appeal
Page Proof Pending Publication
fled alongside a post-trial motion will relate forward to the
entry of an order disposing of the post-trial motion. See
supra, at 387 -- 388. Rule 4(a)(4)(B)(ii) carves out a narrow
exception: Someone who wishes to appeal not only the origi-
nal judgment, but also the substance of an order resolving
the post-trial motion, "must fle a notice of appeal, or an
amended notice of appeal," after "the entry of the order dis-
posing" of that motion. That makes sense. An amended
notice of appeal in those circumstances informs the opposing
party that the appeal will cover more than just the original
judgment. So in the limited circumstance where the Rules
require it, the second notice serves a real purpose.
If the Rules Committee believes a second notice could be
similarly useful in the context of reopening, it remains free to
recommend a change. Indeed, the Committee is apparently
considering that issue presently. So long as Rule 4(a)(6)
does not speak to relation forward, however, the default rule
applies. That means Parrish's appeal can go forward under
the Rules as well as the statute.
 Cite as: (2025) 391

Jackson, J., concurring in judgment

* * *
When a district court grants reopening to a litigant who
has already fled a notice making his intent to appeal clear,
no second notice of appeal is required. Instead, the original
notice relates forward to the date reopening is granted.
Donte Parrish's notice of appeal thus did all that was re-
quired of it. The judgment of the Fourth Circuit is re-
versed, and the case is remanded for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Jackson, with whom Justice Thomas joins, con-
curring in the judgment.
As the Court explains, Donte Parrish submitted a late no-
tice of appeal, which the Fourth Circuit construed as a "mo-
tion to reopen" the time to appeal and the District Court
subsequently granted. I agree with the Court's conclusion
Page Proof Pending Publication
that Parrish did not need to do anything more in order for
his notice of appeal to be treated as timely. I write sepa-
rately to explain why, in my view, it is unnecessary to resort
to ripening or relation-forward principles to reach that
result.
All parties agree that the statutory deadline for fling a
notice of appeal had passed when Parrish's notice arrived at
the courthouse. There is also no dispute that, because the
deadline to fle a notice of appeal is jurisdictional, Parrish's
tardiness could not have been waived or excused unless a
provision of law extended the period during which he could
fle the notice. Luckily for Parrish, the relevant statute in
this case contains such a provision: Section 2107(c) of Title
28 permits a district court to "reopen the time for appeal for
a period of 14 days from the date of entry of the [reopening]
order" if certain conditions are met. See (allowing
reopening if the movant did not receive notice of the judg-
ment within 21 days of its issuance; he sought reopening
within 14 days of notice or 180 days of judgment, whichever
392 PARRISH v. UNITED STATES

Jackson, J., concurring in judgment

is earlier; and no party would be prejudiced by reopening);
see also ante, at 382. After the Fourth Circuit construed
Parrish's notice as a motion to reopen under this provision,
the District Court properly concluded that Parrish met the
statutory criteria and reopened the window in which Parrish
could fle.
As a practical matter, litigants fle motions like this one -- 
seeking to reopen or extend a deadline -- every day in federal
district court. When they do so, they often attach to their
motion the (late) document they hope to receive permission
to fle. For example, when a party has missed a fling dead-
line, they frequently ask for an extension of time to fle the
substantive document they had hoped to submit. The mo-
tion they submit usually explains or seeks to justify the
delay, and a proposed order extending the relevant deadline
(ready for the court's signature) is often included. The pro-
posed substantive fling is also appended to that packet -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
which the district court then dockets, if it grants the
extension.
Because Parrish's fling was effectively submitted in this
manner, to me, the court that received it should have handled
it in that way. Having construed Parrish's notice of appeal
as a motion to reopen, the court should have done what dis-
trict courts do every day in our federal system when such a
motion is granted: docket the proposed substantive fling -- 
here, the notice of appeal. With the notice of appeal thus
docketed, the court should have then transferred the case to
the Court of Appeals for further proceedings.
This way of conceptualizing Parrish's fling does not re-
quire reliance on principles of ripening or relation forward.
It also makes sense, because Parrish fled what the court
construed as a "motion to reopen" for the purpose of allowing
that very document (the notice of appeal) to be fled. It
would indeed be strange to reopen a case because the litigant
has fled a proposed notice of appeal, but then fail to treat
 Cite as: (2025) 393

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

that fling as what the movant proposes it to be: a notice of
appeal accepted by the court as timely fled.
In short, when a late litigant submits a proposed fling
along with a motion that asks the court to accept it, the sub-
stantive document does not come "too early." Ante, at 386.
Rather, it comes contingent upon the court's granting the
accompanying motion, with an understanding that, if the mo-
tion is granted, the fling will be docketed.
This reasoning, of course, might not apply in other factual
circumstances, such as when a would-be appellant fles a no-
tice of appeal late and then, days later, submits a separate
motion to reopen; in that case, a court may well need to es-
tablish whether the earlier fled notice of appeal "relates for-
ward" upon the granting of the separate motion to reopen.
But, here, the "motion to reopen" and the notice of appeal
were one and the same, making the factual basis for our rule
of decision much simpler. Parrish's proposed notice of ap-
Page Proof Pending Publication
peal should have been docketed as timely fled upon the Dis-
trict Court's granting of his "motion to reopen."

Justice Gorsuch, dissenting.
Respectfully, I would have dismissed this case as improvi-
dently granted. The Advisory Committee on Appellate
Rules has already launched a study to consider whether
changes to Federal Rule of Appellate Procedure 4(a)(6) may
be warranted to treat premature notices of appeal as relating
forward to the frst day of the 14-day window 28 U. S. C.
prescribes. Brief in Opposition 16; see also Win-
ters v. Taskila, 88 F. 4th 665, 671 -- 672 (CA6 2023). Surely,
too, a change to the rules could have solved the problem pre-
sented by this case. Contra, ante, at 387,. Even if
requires a notice to be fled during a certain win-
dow, the Rules Committee could provide that a premature
notice shall be treated as fled at a later date. Already, the
Committee has done exactly that in other appellate rules,
394 Cite as: (2025)

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

including Rules 4(a)(2) and 4(a)(4). See Advisory Commit-
tee's Notes on 1979 Amendments, 28 U. S. C. App., p. 10.
Rather than take up problems the Rules Committee can
solve and has announced its interest in solving -- and, in doing
so, risk the possibility that the Committee (understandably)
may suspend its own activities and delay their resolution -- I
believe the wiser and more effcient course is to let the Com-
mittee get on with its work. That body is charged with "re-
view[ing] issues of precisely this sort." Winters, 88 F. 4th,
at 672; see also Kemp v. United States, -- 
542 (2022) (Gorsuch, J., dissenting).

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 1
Pages 305 -- 356

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 26, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 305

Syllabus

GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ et al.

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fth circuit
No. 23 -- 7809. Argued February 24, 2025 -- Decided June 26, 2025
In 1998, Texas charged Ruben Gutierrez with capital murder for his
involvement in the killing of Escolastica Harrison. The State's theory
at trial was that Gutierrez wielded one of the two screwdrivers used to
stab Harrison to death in her mobile home. The jury convicted Gutier-
rez of capital murder. At the sentencing phase of Gutierrez's trial, the
jury was required to answer whether Texas proved beyond a reasonable
doubt that Gutierrez "actually caused" Harrison's death or, if not, that
he "intended to kill [her]" or "anticipated that a human life would be
taken." Tex. Code Crim. Proc. Ann., Art. 37.071(2)(b)(2). The jury an-
swered yes, and Gutierrez was sentenced to death.
For nearly 15 years, Gutierrez has sought DNA testing of evidence
he claims would prove he was not in Harrison's home the night of the
murder. Texas's Article 64 allows DNA testing where a "convicted per-
Page Proof Pending Publication
son establishes by a preponderance of the evidence" that he "would not
have been convicted if exculpatory results had been obtained through
DNA testing," among other criteria. Art. 64.03(a)(2). Invoking Arti-
cle 64, Gutierrez twice moved in state court for DNA testing of untested
crime scene evidence. The trial court denied his frst request in 2010,
and the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals (TCCA) affrmed. The court
reasoned that even if Gutierrez's DNA was not found on the tested
items, that would not establish his innocence of capital murder because
he would still be a party to the robbery that resulted in Harrison's
death. The court concluded that Gutierrez could not use Article 64 to
show he was wrongly sentenced to death unless he could also establish
his innocence of the underlying crime. In 2019, Gutierrez again sought
DNA testing, but Texas courts denied his motion. On appeal, the
TCCA reiterated that DNA testing was not available to show only death
penalty ineligibility.
Gutierrez then fled suit in federal court under 42 U. S. C. 
against Luis Saenz, the district attorney who has custody of the untes-
ted evidence. Gutierrez argued that Texas's DNA testing procedures
violated his liberty interests in utilizing state postconviction proce-
dures. The District Court agreed and granted declaratory relief, fnd-
ing it fundamentally unfair that Texas gives prisoners the right to chal-
lenge their death sentence through habeas petitions but prevents them
306 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Syllabus

from obtaining DNA testing to support those petitions unless they can
establish innocence of the underlying crime. The Fifth Circuit vacated
the District Court's judgment and held that Gutierrez lacked standing to
bring his suit, fnding that his claimed injury was not redressable
because a declaratory judgment would be unlikely to cause the prosecu-
tor to "reverse course and allow testing." 93 F. 4th 267, 272.
Held: Gutierrez has standing to bring his claim challenging Texas's
postconviction DNA testing procedures under the Due Process Clause.
Pp. 314 -- 321.
(a) Individuals convicted of crimes in state court "have a liberty in-
terest in demonstrating [their] innocence with new evidence under state
law." District Attorney's Offce for Third Judicial Dist. v. Osborne,. For that reason, a state-created right to postconviction
procedures can sometimes create rights to other procedures essential to
realizing the state-created right. In Skinner v. Switzer, the Court held that a Texas prisoner could fle a due process claim under
against a prosecutor where the prisoner alleged that the prosecu-
tor's refusal to turn over evidence deprived him of his liberty interests
in utilizing state procedures to obtain reversal of his conviction or to
obtain a pardon or reduction of his sentence. The Court reasoned that,
Page Proof Pending Publication
while the prisoner could not challenge in federal court the state court
decisions denying his Article 64 motions, he could allege in a federal
action that Article 64 unconstitutionally prevented him from ob-
taining such testing.
The question of a state prisoner's standing to bring a due process
claim against the custodian of his evidence was frst addressed in Reed
v. Goertz, where the Court confronted another challenge
to Texas's postconviction DNA testing law. Reed alleged, among other
things, that Article 64's chain-of-custody requirement was unconstitu-
tional and effectively prevented many individuals from obtaining DNA
testing. The Court held that Reed had standing to pursue declaratory
relief. First, Reed adequately alleged an injury: denial of access to the
requested evidence. Second, the state prosecutor caused Reed's injury
by denying access to the evidence. Finally, if a federal court concluded
that Texas's postconviction DNA testing procedures violate due process,
the state prosecutor's justifcation for denying DNA testing would be
eliminated, thereby removing the barrier between Reed and the re-
quested testing. The same is true here. Like Reed, Gutierrez alleges
that the local prosecutor's denial of his DNA testing request deprived
him of his liberty interests in utilizing state procedures to obtain an
acquittal or sentence reduction. As in Reed, the declaratory judgment
Gutierrez seeks would redress that injury by changing the legal status
 Cite as: (2025) 307

Syllabus

of the parties and eliminating the state prosecutor's allegedly unlawful
justifcation for denying DNA testing. Pp. 314 -- 316.
(b) The Fifth Circuit recognized the clear parallels between this case
and Reed but distinguished the cases, reasoning that the local prosecu-
tor in this case was unlikely to allow testing even if a federal court
declared that Texas may not deny DNA testing that would affect only
the punishment stage. Respondents, too, argue that Gutierrez lacks
standing because the District Court's reason for declaring part of Arti-
cle 64 unconstitutional was only one of several independent state-law
grounds supporting the prosecutor's decision to deny access to the evi-
dence. But this attempt to distinguish Reed fails twice over.
First, to the extent the Fifth Circuit based its assessment of redress-
ability on the declaratory judgment the District Court later issued,
rather than Gutierrez's complaint, it turned the Article III standing in-
quiry on its head. Gutierrez's standing does not depend on the relief
the District Court ultimately granted on the merits. The proper focus
of the standing inquiry is the complaint, and Gutierrez's complaint chal-
lenges not just Article 64's limitation to actual innocence claims, but also
the other barriers Article 64 erects between Gutierrez and DNA testing.
Second, and more fundamentally, the Fifth Circuit erred in transforming

Page Proof Pending Publication
the redressability inquiry into a guess about whether a favorable court
decision will ultimately result in the prosecutor turning over the DNA
evidence. In Reed, the Court reasoned that, if a federal court concludes
that Texas's postconviction DNA testing procedures violate due process,
that court order would redress the injury by eliminating the state prose-
cutor's reliance on Article 64 as a reason for denying DNA testing. The
same is true here. A declaratory judgment in Gutierrez's favor would
redress his injury by removing the allegedly unconstitutional barrier
Article 64 erected between Gutierrez and the requested testing. The
Court in Reed was unmoved by the prosecutor's assertion that a declara-
tory judgment would not change his ultimate decision to turn over the
evidence. The reason is simple: That a prosecutor might eventually
fnd another reason to deny a prisoner's DNA testing request does not
eliminate the prisoner's standing to argue that the cited reasons vio-
lated his rights under the Due Process Clause. Pp. 316 -- 320.
(c) Respondents also assert that this case is now moot because the
state prosecutor refused Gutierrez's DNA testing request even after the
District Court issued the declaratory judgment. That claim fails, too.
A procedural due process claim like Gutierrez's is not mooted by the
defendant's mid-appeal promise that, regardless of the lawsuit's out-
come, the ultimate result will remain the same. Holding otherwise
would allow defendants to manufacture mootness by ensuring that, no
matter what procedures a court requires them to employ, the same sub-
308 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Opinion of the Court

stantive outcome will follow. Article III requires no such result.
Pp. 320 -- 321.
93 F. 4th 267, reversed and remanded.

Sotomayor, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts,
C. J., and Kagan, Kavanaugh, and Jackson, JJ., joined, and in which
Barrett, J., joined as to all but Part II -- B -- 2. Barrett, J., fled an opin-
ion concurring in part and concurring in the judgment, post, p. 321.
Thomas, J., fled a dissenting opinion, post, p. 322. Alito, J., fled a dis-
senting opinion, in which Thomas and Gorsuch, JJ., joined, post, p. 338.

Anne Elizabeth Fisher argued the cause for petitioner.
With her on the briefs were Lisa Evans Lewis, Joseph W.
Luby, and Joanne M. Heisey.
William F. Cole, Deputy Solicitor General of Texas, ar-
gued the cause for respondents. With him on the brief were
Ken Paxton, Attorney General, Aaron L. Nielson, Solicitor
General, Brent Webster, First Assistant Attorney General,
Cameron Fraser, Assistant Solicitor General, and Eric Abels
Page Proof Pending Publication
and Jefferson D. Clendenin, Assistant Attorneys General.*

Justice Sotomayor delivered the opinion of the Court.
For nearly 15 years, petitioner Ruben Gutierrez has
sought DNA testing of evidence that, he says, will help him
prove he was never at the scene of the murder he was con-
victed of committing. When the local prosecutor refused to
test the evidence in his custody, Gutierrez fled suit under
Rev. Stat., 42 U. S. C., arguing that Texas's pro-

*Elizabeth B. Wydra and Brianne J. Gorod fled a brief for the Constitu-
tional Accountability Center as amicus curiae urging reversal.
A brief of amici curiae urging affrmance was fled for the State of
Arkansas et al. by Tim Griffn, Attorney General of Arkansas, and Dylan
L. Jacobs, Interim Solicitor General, and by the Attorneys General for
their respective States as follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama, Treg Taylor
of Alaska, Theodore E. Rokita of Indiana, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Russell
Coleman of Kentucky, Liz Murrill of Louisiana, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi,
Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Dave Yost of Ohio, Gentner Drummond
of Oklahoma, Alan Wilson of South Carolina, Jonathan Skrmetti of Ten-
nessee, and Derek Brown of Utah.
 Cite as: (202) 309

Opinion of the Court

cedures for obtaining DNA testing violated his rights under
the Due Process Clause. The District Court agreed and
granted a declaratory judgment to that effect.
The Fifth Circuit, however, held that Gutierrez lacked
standing to bring his suit, reasoning that, even if a
federal court declared Texas's procedures unconstitutional,
the local prosecutor would be unlikely to turn over the physi-
cal evidence for DNA testing. That holding contravenes
Reed v. Goertz, (2023), where this Court decided
on analogous facts that another Texas prisoner had standing
to sue the local prosecutor who denied him access to DNA
testing. Id., at 234. Put simply, Reed held that a federal
court order declaring "that Texas's post-conviction DNA
testing procedures violate due process" would redress the
prisoner's claimed injury by "eliminat[ing]" the state prose-
cutor's reliance on Article 64 as a reason for denying DNA
testing. Ibid.; see Tex. Code Crim. Proc. Ann., Art. 64.01
Page Proof Pending Publication
(Vernon 2018). The same is true here and the Court there-
fore reverses.
I
A
In 1998, Texas charged Ruben Gutierrez with capital mur-
der for the killing of Escolastica Harrison at her mobile home
in Brownsville, Texas. The State's theory at trial was that
Harrison had been stabbed to death with two different
screwdrivers. To support its view that Gutierrez wielded
one of the two screwdrivers in question, the State introduced
a statement Gutierrez gave to the police, in which he ac-
knowledged that he and two accomplices had planned to rob
Harrison on the day she was killed and that he had been in
Harrison's home while one of his accomplices stabbed her.
The jury convicted Gutierrez of capital murder.
Texas law provides that a criminal defendant can be guilty
of capital murder even where he was merely a party to a
crime (such as robbery) that resulted in a person's death.
310 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Opinion of the Court

Tex. Penal Code Ann..01, 7.02, 19.02, 19.03 (West 2021
and Cum. Supp. 2024). A death sentence, however, may be
imposed only if "the defendant actually caused the death of
the deceased[,]... intended to kill the deceased or... antici-
pated that a human life would be taken." Tex. Code Crim.
Proc. Ann., Art. 37.071(2)(b)(2) (Vernon 2006); see also John-
son v. State, 853 S. W. 2d 527, 535 (Tex. Crim. App. 1992) (en
banc) ("The Texas capital murder scheme does not allow an
individual to be put to death for merely being a party to a
murder"). To that end, the jury was required at the sen-
tencing phase of Gutierrez's trial to answer whether Texas
proved beyond a reasonable doubt that Gutierrez "actually
caused" Harrison's death or, if not, that he "intended to kill
[her]" or "anticipated that a human life would be taken."
Art. 37.071(2)(b)(2). The jury answered yes, and Gutierrez
was sentenced to death.
Gutierrez has long maintained that the police coerced him
Page Proof Pending Publication
into confessing that he was in Harrison's home on the night
of the murder. He insists that, as he twice told the police
before the statement in which he purportedly confessed, he
never entered the mobile home that night. Although Gutier-
rez never disputed that he and two accomplices planned to
rob Harrison, he contends that he thought his accomplices
would merely rob Harrison's empty mobile home and that
no one would be harmed during the robbery. He accordingly
asserts that he should never have been sentenced to death, and
intends to seek vacatur of his death sentence in a state habeas
petition. See Art. 11.071(5)(a)(3) (Vernon Cum. Supp. 2024).
Since 2010, Gutierrez has sought DNA testing of crime-
scene evidence, including Harrison's nail scrapings, a loose
hair, and various blood samples, to help him prove it was his
accomplices, not Gutierrez, in Harrison's home on the night
of her murder. He maintains that Texas's Article 64 entitles
him to such DNA testing. Art. 64.01(a)(1). That law pro-
vides for DNA testing where a "convicted person establishes
by a preponderance of the evidence" that he "would not have
 Cite as: (202) 311

Opinion of the Court

been convicted if exculpatory results had been obtained
through DNA testing" and that the request was "not made
to unreasonably delay the execution of sentence or adminis-
tration of justice." Art. 64.03(a)(2). To grant a motion for
DNA testing under Article 64, the state court must also fnd,
among other things, that the evidence "is in a condition mak-
ing DNA testing possible" and that "identity was or is an
issue in the case." Art. 64.03(a)(1).
Invoking Article 64, Gutierrez twice moved in state court
for an order requiring the local district attorney to turn over
the untested crime scene evidence for DNA testing. The
trial court denied his frst request in 2010, and the Texas
Court of Criminal Appeals (TCCA) affrmed. Ex parte Gu-
tierrez, 337 S. W. 3d 883, 886 (2011). The TCCA reasoned
that, even if Gutierrez's DNA was not present on the tested
items, that would not establish his innocence of Texas capital
murder. Id., at 899, 901. After all, even if he was not in
Page Proof Pending Publication
the home, Gutierrez could still be a party to the robbery that
eventually resulted in Harrison's death. Id., at 901. And,
as the TCCA saw it, Gutierrez could not invoke Article 64 to
establish that he had been wrongly sentenced to death unless
he could also establish his innocence of the underlying crime.
Ibid. Finally, the court added: "[E]ven if [Article] 64 did
apply to evidence that might affect the punishment stage as
well as conviction," Gutierrez "still would not be entitled to
testing" because "the record facts" show that "he played a
major role in the underlying robbery and that his acts
showed a reckless indifference to human life." Ibid.
Gutierrez tried again in 2019, this time bolstered by new
counsel and new evidence that, according to Gutierrez, would
implicate Harrison's nephew, Avel Cuellar, as one of the two
people who stabbed Harrison to death. In the interim, Fer-
min Cuellar (Avel Cuellar's nephew), had signed a sworn
statement averring that his uncle Avel approached him in
the summer of 1998 about stealing " `a lot' " of money from
Harrison. App. 701a. Fermin also averred that, after the
312 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Opinion of the Court

murder, Avel boasted to Fermin that he had money buried in
the trailer park. Again, the Texas courts denied Gutierrez's
motion. On appeal, the TCCA reiterated that DNA testing
was not available to show ineligibility for the death penalty
and that, " `even if [it were],' " Gutierrez " `still would not be
entitled to testing.' " Gutierrez v. State, 2020 WL 918669,
*7 -- *9 (Feb. 26, 2020) (per curiam).

B
Gutierrez next fled this federal action for declaratory and
injunctive relief under 42 U. S. C.. He sued respond-
ent Luis Saenz, the district attorney who has custody of the
evidence Gutierrez would like tested and whose offce prose-
cuted Gutierrez. Gutierrez's complaint alleges that, "[b]y
refusing to release the biological evidence for testing, and
thereby preventing [Gutierrez] from gaining access to excul-
patory evidence that could have led to his acquittal [or] dem-
Page Proof Pending Publication
onstrated that he is not death eligible," the district attorney
"deprived" him "of his liberty interests in utilizing state
[postconviction] procedures... in violation of his right to
due process of law." App. 457a -- 458a.
Gutierrez's complaint pinpoints at least three features of
Article 64 that prevented him from gaining access to the rel-
evant evidence to which, he says, the Due Process Clause
entitles him. First, Gutierrez says, the Texas courts inter-
pret Article 64 to impose a virtually insurmountable barrier
to obtaining DNA testing, deeming a prisoner ineligible as
long as the record contains any evidence, no matter how
minor, that he committed the crime. Id., at 449a, 451a.
Second, and relatedly, he asserts that it was unfair for the
TCCA not to consider new evidence he had proffered since
his trial: A fair procedure, he contends, would require consid-
ering the effect exculpatory DNA evidence would have on a
jury that also heard "new evidence casting doubt on [Gutier-
rez's] statement" to the police. Id., at 452a,. Third,
Gutierrez asserts that, as interpreted by the TCCA, Article
 Cite as: (202) 313

Opinion of the Court

64 violates the Due Process Clause by forbidding DNA test-
ing when its sole purpose is to establish that a defendant is
ineligible for the death penalty. Id., at 456a.
The District Court agreed with Gutierrez in part. 565 F.
Supp. 3d 892 (SD Tex. 2021). It is fundamentally unfair, the
court declared, that Texas gives prisoners the right to fle a
habeas petition challenging their death sentence, but pre-
cludes them from obtaining DNA testing to support that ha-
beas petition unless they can establish innocence of the un-
derlying crime. Id., at 911. That limitation renders the
habeas right "illusory" because few people can make a clear
showing that they were wrongly sentenced to death without
DNA evidence. Id., at 910 -- 911. "Due process," the court
explained, "does not countenance procedural sleight of hand
whereby a state extends a right with one hand and then
takes it away with another." Id., at 911.
On appeal, a divided panel of the Fifth Circuit vacated the
Page Proof Pending Publication
District Court's declaratory judgment, reasoning that Gutie-
rrez's claimed injury was not redressable because the declar-
atory judgment would be unlikely to cause the prosecutor to
"reverse course and allow testing." 93 F. 4th 267, 272
(2024). The court recognized that, just two years ago, this
Court rejected a nearly identical argument in Reed,. See 93 F. 4th, at 273 -- 274, and. Yet the Fifth Cir-
cuit purported to distinguish Reed because, in Gutierrez's
case, the TCCA "effectively anticipated an unfavorable fed-
eral court ruling" when it held that, even if Article 64 ap-
plied to claims affecting death eligibility, the facts in the trial
record would still not entitle Gutierrez to DNA testing. 93
F. 4th, at 275. Judge Higginson dissented, noting that he
saw no "meaningful distinction" between this case and Reed.
93 F. 4th, at 275.
While Gutierrez's request for rehearing was pending in the
Fifth Circuit, Texas scheduled his execution. This Court
stayed his execution and granted certiorari to consider Gu-
tierrez's standing to bring his claim. 
314 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Opinion of the Court

(2024). Because Reed plainly establishes that he does, the
Court now reverses.
II
A
Individuals convicted of crimes in state court "have a lib-
erty interest in demonstrating [their] innocence with new ev-
idence under state law." District Attorney's Offce for
Third Judicial Dist. v. Osborne, (2009). For
that reason, a state-created right to postconviction proce-
dures can, " `in some circumstances, beget yet other rights to
procedures essential to the realization of the parent right.' "
Ibid.1 To that end, this Court held in Skinner v. Switzer,
(2011), that a Texas prisoner could fle a due
process claim under against a prosecutor who refused
" `to release... biological evidence for testing.' " Id., at
530. In that case, Skinner had alleged that the prosecutor's

Page Proof Pending Publication
refusal to turn over evidence deprived him of " `his liberty
interests in utilizing state procedures to obtain reversal of
his conviction and/or to obtain a pardon or reduction of his
sentence.' " Ibid. This Court reasoned that, while Skinner
could not challenge in federal court the TCCA decisions de-
nying his Article 64 motions, he could allege in a ac-
tion that Article 64 unconstitutionally prevented him from
obtaining such testing. Id., at 532.
Skinner did not explicitly address a state prisoner's stand-
ing to bring a due process claim against the custodian of his

1
One of the dissents contends that this Court "ha[d] no business inter-
vening in this case in the frst place" because "Gutierrez's suit rests on the
premise that the Fourteenth Amendment's Due Process Clause gives him
a `liberty interest' in Texas's voluntarily created procedures." Post, at
322 (opinion of Thomas, J.). Even if the merits of Gutierrez's due process
claim were relevant to the standing question at issue here (they are not),
Osborne squarely forecloses Justice Thomas's view of that claim. See
557 U. S., at 68; see also, e. g., Wolff v. McDonnell, (1974)
("[L]iberty," like property, is protected by the Constitution, "even when
the liberty itself is a statutory creation of the State").
 Cite as: (202) 315

Opinion of the Court

evidence. That question was frst raised in Reed, where this
Court confronted another claim that Texas's postconviction
DNA testing law failed to guarantee procedural due process.
598 U. S., at 233. Rodney Reed alleged, among other things,
that Article 64's "stringent chain-of-custody requirement
was unconstitutional and in effect foreclosed DNA testing
for individuals convicted before `rules governing the State's
handling and storage of evidence were put in place.' " Ibid.
Before this Court, the local prosecutor argued that Reed
lacked Article III standing. Specifcally, the prosecutor as-
serted that a favorable court decision would not redress
Reed's injury. That was because, in the prosecutor's view, a
federal court's "declaration that the statutory provision [he]
attack[s] is unconstitutional" would not " `likely' " cause the
district attorney to turn over the physical evidence in his
possession. Brief for Respondents 38 -- 39; Reed, ; California v. Texas, (2021).
Page Proof Pending Publication
This Court disagreed and held that Reed had established
standing to pursue the declaratory judgment action. First,
the Court explained, "Reed suffciently alleged an injury in
fact: denial of access to the requested evidence." 598 U. S.,
at 234. Second, "[t]he state prosecutor, who is the named
defendant, denied access to the evidence and thereby caused
Reed's injury." Ibid. Finally, the Court reasoned, "if a
federal court concludes that Texas's post-conviction DNA
testing procedures violate due process, that court order
would eliminate the state prosecutor's justifcation for deny-
ing DNA testing" and thereby remove the barrier between
Reed and the requested DNA testing. Ibid.
The same is true of Gutierrez's suit. Like Reed and Skin-
ner, Gutierrez alleges that the local prosecutor's denial of his
request for DNA testing deprived him of "his liberty inter-
ests in utilizing state procedures to obtain an acquittal and/
or reduction of his sentence, in violation of his right to due
process of law." App. 458a. As in Reed, moreover, the de-
claratory judgment Gutierrez seeks would redress that in-
316 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Opinion of the Court

jury by " `order[ing] a change in [the] legal status' " of the
parties and "eliminat[ing]" the state prosecutor's allegedly
unlawful "justifcation for denying DNA testing." 598 U. S.,
at 234. That is suffcient to resolve this case.

B
1
The Fifth Circuit recognized the clear parallels between
this case and Reed. See 93 F. 4th, at 272, 274,. Never-
theless, the court thought that, unlike in Reed, the local
prosecutor here was unlikely to allow testing even if a fed-
eral court "declare[d] Texas may not deny DNA testing that
would affect only the punishment stage." 93 F. 4th, at 272.
Because the TCCA already concluded Gutierrez would not
be entitled to DNA testing even if Article 64 did apply to
evidence affecting only the punishment stage, the Fifth Cir-
cuit reasoned that the district attorney would "quite likely"
Page Proof Pending Publication
rely on that holding to deny testing again. Id., at 274. Re-
spondents, joined by the principal dissent, similarly urge
that Gutierrez lacks standing because the District Court's
reason for declaring part of Article 64 unconstitutional "was
only one of several independent state-law grounds support-
ing District Attorney Saenz's decision to deny access to the
requested evidence." Brief for Respondents 24; see also
post, at 348 -- 349 (opinion of Alito, J.).
This attempt to distinguish Reed is wrong twice over.
First, both respondents and the Fifth Circuit gloss over the
substance of Gutierrez's complaint, which is the proper focus
of the standing inquiry here. See Davis v. Federal Election
Comm'n, (2008). Gutierrez's complaint
takes issue not just with Article 64's limitation to actual in-
nocence claims, but with the barrier Article 64 erects be-
tween Gutierrez and DNA testing. At bottom, Gutierrez as-
serts that, to the extent Texas law precludes him from
obtaining the requested evidence, it violates his rights under
the Due Process Clause. App. 457a -- 458a. That is why his
 Cite as: (202) 317

Opinion of the Court

complaint alleges, among other things, that Article 64 poses
a "virtually impossible [standard] for anyone convicted under
the law of parties to obtain DNA testing," id., at 453a, and
why he takes issue with the TCCA's refusal to consider
"newly proffered evidence" in assessing claims like his own,
id., at 452a,.2 To the extent the Fifth Circuit based its
assessment of redressability on the declaratory judgment the
District Court later issued, rather than Gutierrez's com-
plaint, it turned the Article III standing inquiry on its head.
Gutierrez's "standing to bring this suit," 93 F. 4th, at 271,
does not depend on the relief the District Court granted on
the merits.
The principal dissent does not dispute that Gutierrez chal-
lenged, in his complaint, each of the roadblocks Article 64
placed between himself and DNA testing. Post, at 350
(opinion of Alito, J.). Instead, the dissent repeats the Fifth
Circuit's error, urging that Gutierrez can now obtain only
Page Proof Pending Publication
"reinstatement of the District Court's declaratory judg-
ment." Post, at 347. But rather than assert that the scope
of the declaratory judgment retroactively deprived the Dis-
trict Court of jurisdiction over Gutierrez's complaint, as the
Fifth Circuit erroneously held, the principal dissent suggests
instead that "affrmance of the District Court's declaratory

2
The principal dissent highlights the TCCA's rule " that only evi-
dence in the trial record may be considered in determining whether post-
conviction DNA testing is allowed." Post, at 354 (opinion of Alito, J.).
That construction of Texas law is, of course, what Gutierrez has challenged
under the Due Process Clause. See supra, at 312. In Gutierrez's view,
that new evidence, together with the DNA testing, will help him establish
that he did not in fact "anticipat[e] that a human life would be taken," Tex.
Code Crim. Proc. Ann., Art. 37.071(2)(b)(2), and that his death sentence
must therefore be vacated. Contra, post, at 354 (Alito, J., dissenting)
(insisting that "a favorable decision on Gutierrez's constitutional argument
would not bolster his challenge to his sentence"). That the principal dis-
sent is skeptical about the merits of Gutierrez's due process challenge is
not pertinent because the Court only granted certiorari to consider Gutier-
rez's Article III standing to bring his suit. See ibid.
318 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Opinion of the Court

judgment" would not help Gutierrez moving forward. Post,
at 350. That argument, however, does nothing to support
the Fifth Circuit's holding, which the principal dissent de-
fends, that Gutierrez lacked "standing to bring this suit."
93 F. 4th, at 271.3
2
Second, and more fundamentally, the Fifth Circuit erred
in transforming the redressability inquiry into a guess as to
whether a favorable court decision will in fact ultimately
cause the prosecutor to turn over the evidence. Id., at 274.
In Reed, just like in this case, the Texas courts had proffered
multiple reasons for denying Reed's Article 64 motion, in-
cluding that "Reed did not demonstrate that he would have
been acquitted if the DNA results were exculpatory," 598
U. S., at 233, and that Reed "failed to establish that his re-
quest [was] not made to unreasonably delay the execution of
his sentence," Reed v. State, 541 S. W. 3d 759, 778 (Tex. Crim.
Page Proof Pending Publication
App. 2017). The principal dissent claims that, for Reed,
"striking down the chain-of-custody rule" would have "criti-
cally undermined the TCCA's holding" as to "[t]wenty-one
additional items," which "could have been considered" if the
declaratory judgment issued in his favor. Post, at 352. Yet

3
As the principal dissent sees it, the Fifth Circuit held only that Gutier-
rez lacked standing to press one of his arguments in favor of Article 64's
unconstitutionality: that " `the state violates due process by... preventing
testing if resulting evidence would be relevant only to the sentence.' "
Post, at 348,. Even if that particular argu-
ment about Article 64's unlawfulness could be disentangled from the rest
of Gutierrez's due process claim, see supra, at 312 -- 313, 316, however, the
dissent never embraces the Fifth Circuit's view that Gutierrez lacked
"standing to bring this suit" in the District Court, 93 F. 4th, at 271. In-
stead, it suggests that Gutierrez lacked standing to seek "affrmance of
th[at] claim" from the Fifth Circuit. Post, at 348,. It was the district
attorney, not Gutierrez, who sought relief from the Fifth Circuit, and there
is no reason to think the Courts of Appeals must dismiss a case for lack
of standing simply because the nonappealing party did not cross-appeal
the scope of the District Court's judgment.
 Cite as: (202) 319

Opinion of the Court

even absent the chain-of-custody rule, Reed still faced the
TCCA's assessment that his DNA testing request was "un-
timely," 541 S. W. 3d, at 778, and the trial court's determina-
tion that "exculpatory results from DNA testing of all the
evidence he requested to be tested" would not establish his
innocence, id., at 773. This Court nevertheless reasoned in
Reed that, "if a federal court concludes that Texas's post-
conviction DNA testing procedures violate due process,"
that court order would redress his injury by "eliminat[ing]"
the state prosecutor's reliance on Article 64 as a reason for
denying DNA testing. 598 U. S., at 234. The particular de-
claratory judgment Reed requested was thus no more likely
to yield a change in the district attorney's conduct than the
one Gutierrez sought here. Contra, post, at 347, 351 -- 354
(opinion of Alito, J.).
What was true in Reed thus applies here, too. There is
little doubt that Saenz considers Article 64 in his assessment
Page Proof Pending Publication
of whether to provide requested DNA evidence. Indeed,
Saenz confrmed at oral argument that he would likely "turn
over the evidence" if he thought Article 64 entitled Gutierrez
to DNA testing. Tr. of Oral Arg. 71. A declaratory judg-
ment in Gutierrez's favor would accordingly redress his in-
jury by removing the allegedly unconstitutional barrier Arti-
cle 64 erected between Gutierrez and the requested testing.
To be sure, Saenz nevertheless states that any declaratory
judgment will not affect his ultimate willingness to turn over
the evidence. He and the principal dissent urge that the
Court need not even "speculate" about what he might do
because, "[a]fter securing a declaratory judgment from the
district court," Gutierrez again sought DNA testing and
"Saenz refused." Brief for Respondents 27; see post, at 350
(opinion of Alito, J.). This, again, is a familiar refrain. The
prosecutor in Reed, too, maintained that a declaratory judg-
ment would not " `bring about' " " `any change in [his] con-
duct.' " Brief for Respondents 38 -- 39; Reed, 598 U. S., at 249
(Thomas, J., dissenting). This Court was unmoved by that
320 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Opinion of the Court

assertion. See id., at 234. The reason is simple: That a
prosecutor might eventually fnd another reason, grounded
in Article 64 or elsewhere, to deny a prisoner's request for
DNA testing does not vitiate his standing to argue that the
cited reasons violated his rights under the Due Process
Clause. See, e. g., Federal Election Comm'n v. Akins, (1998) ("[T]hose adversely affected by a discre-
tionary agency decision generally have standing to complain
that the agency based its decision upon an improper legal
ground... even though the agency... might later, in the
exercise of its lawful discretion, reach the same result for a
different reason"); Lujan v. Defenders of Wildlife, (1992) ("[U]nder our case law, one living adja-
cent to the site for proposed construction of a federally li-
censed dam has standing to challenge the licensing agency's
failure to prepare an environmental impact statement, even
though he cannot establish with any certainty that the state-

Page Proof Pending Publication
ment will cause the license to be withheld or altered... ").

C
Finally, Saenz asserts in the alternative that this case is
now moot because Saenz refused Gutierrez's request for
DNA testing even after the District Court issued the declar-
atory judgment. Brief for Respondents 42 -- 44. That claim
fails, too. As Saenz himself recognizes, "a case `becomes
moot only when it is impossible for a court to grant any effec-
tual relief whatever to the prevailing party.' " Chafn v.
Chafn, (2013) ). It is not enough that
"the practical impact of any decision is not assured." 568
U. S., at 175.
In any event, a procedural due process claim like the one
Gutierrez presses is not mooted by the defendant's mid-
appeal promise that, no matter the result of a lawsuit, the
ultimate outcome will not change. Holding otherwise would
 Cite as: (2025) 321

Opinion of Barrett, J.

allow all manner of defendants to manufacture mootness by
ensuring that, no matter what procedures a court requires
the defendant to employ, the same substantive outcome will
result. In that world, the person "living adjacent to the site
for proposed construction of a federally licensed dam" would
lose her claim "to challenge the licensing agency's failure to
prepare an environmental impact statement" as long as the
agency promised that the statement would not cause the li-
cense to be withheld or altered. Lujan, 504 U. S., at 572,. Article III mandates no such result.

* * *
In the end, Reed is indistinguishable. Gutierrez has
standing to challenge Texas's DNA testing procedures under
the Due Process Clause. The judgment of the U. S. Court
of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit is therefore reversed, and
the case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
Page Proof Pending Publication
this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Barrett, concurring in part and concurring in
the judgment.
When the Fifth Circuit attempted to distinguish this case
from Reed v. Goertz, (2023), it failed to consider
the breadth of the relief that Gutierrez requested in his com-
plaint. See ante, at 316. I would reverse on that basis
alone. The Court goes further, borrowing from our some-
what relaxed redressability inquiry in administrative-law
procedural injury cases. See ante, at 318 -- 320 ;
Lujan v. Defenders of Wildlife, (1992)). By invoking Akins and Lujan in the unique context
of requests for DNA evidence from Texas prosecutors, the
Court muddies the waters of standing doctrine. I respect-
fully join all but Part II -- B -- 2 of the Court's opinion.
322 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Thomas, J., dissenting

Justice Thomas, dissenting.
I join Justice Alito's principal dissent because I agree
that Ruben Gutierrez lacks standing to bring a federal suit
alleging that Texas's post-conviction DNA testing proce-
dures violate due process.1 I write separately to emphasize
that this Court has no business intervening in this case in
the frst place. The Constitution does not require any State
to establish procedures for state prisoners to challenge the
validity of their convictions after trial. Yet, Gutierrez's suit
rests on the premise that the Fourteenth Amendment's Due
Process Clause gives him a "liberty interest" in Texas's
voluntarily created procedures. That premise cannot be
squared with any principled reading of the Due Process
Clause. I therefore disagree with our decision to grant cer-
tiorari and revive Gutierrez's challenge. Our intervention
serves no purpose other than to exacerbate the already egre-
gious delays endemic to capital litigation.
Page Proof Pending
I Publication
A
The Texas Constitution provides capital defendants the
right to a trial by jury. Art. 1,. It further provides
that, after a defendant is convicted and sentenced, he may
1
I agree that the Court "fagrantly distorts the standard" that this
Court articulated in Reed v. Goertz, (2023), by deeming irrele-
vant the independent grounds that the Texas courts have given for deny-
ing DNA testing to Gutierrez. Post, at 346 -- 348 (Alito, J., dissenting).
I also continue to believe that Reed made "chaos" of our standing doctrine.
598 U. S., at 255 (Thomas, J., dissenting). Even if the Texas courts had
not articulated alternative grounds for denying Gutierrez testing, "an ab-
stract declaration" that Texas's limits on DNA testing are unconstitutional
cannot redress any injury because it does not compel any "change in con-
duct" on the part of the district attorney. Id., at 249. Gutierrez's real
dispute is with the Texas courts for denying his motions for testing, but
the Rooker-Feldman doctrine prohibits parties from attacking state-court
judgments in federal district court. See Reed, 598 U. S., at 244 -- 252
(Thomas, J., dissenting); Rooker v. Fidelity Trust Co., (1923);
District of Columbia Court of Appeals v. Feldman, (1983).
 Cite as: (2025) 323

Thomas, J., dissenting

fle a direct appeal to the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals
(TCCA), the State's highest court for criminal cases. Art.
5,. Texas law also allows prisoners sentenced to death
to challenge their conviction and sentence collaterally by fl-
ing a petition for habeas corpus in their court of conviction.
Tex. Code Crim. Proc. Ann., Art. 11.071 (Vernon Cum. Supp.
2024). Even if the prisoner's trial was error free, he may
obtain habeas relief under state law if he produces newly
discovered evidence establishing that he is actually innocent
of the offense. Ex parte Mayhugh, 512 S. W. 3d 285, 295
(Tex. Crim. App. 2016).
Chapter 64 of the Texas Code of Criminal Procedure fur-
ther allows convicted defendants to seek testing of DNA evi-
dence that was in the possession of the State during trial.
Arts. 64.01(a)(2)(a -- 1), (b) (Vernon 2018). Upon the defend-
ant's motion, the convicting court may order testing if cer-
tain conditions are met, including that the evidence still

Page Proof Pending Publication
exists in a testable condition, that the defendant can show
that he likely would not have been convicted had he obtained
exculpatory results from DNA testing, and that the defend-
ant can show that he is not bringing the motion unreasonably
to delay his execution. Art. 64.03(a). Defendants who ob-
tain DNA testing may use the results to support their state
habeas petitions. Thacker v. State, 177 S. W. 3d 926, 927
(Tex. Crim. App. 2005) (per curiam).

B
A Texas jury convicted Gutierrez and sentenced him to
death for the 1998 robbery and murder of Escolastica Har-
rison. Having thrice failed to obtain DNA testing under
Chapter 64 in state court, he now claims that several of
Chapter 64's restrictions on obtaining DNA testing violate
the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. See
ante, at 311 -- 313.
To make sense of Gutierrez's claim, we must frst under-
stand what rights the Due Process Clause protects. The
Clause provides that no State shall "deprive any person of
324 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Thomas, J., dissenting

life, liberty, or property, without due process of law." Amdt.
14,. In other words, the State cannot decide to take
away an individual's life, liberty, or property unless it ad-
heres to certain procedures. But, the Due Process Clause
does not protect all rights -- only life, liberty, and property.
Thus, the frst step in any due process analysis is to deter-
mine whether the right that the individual asserts falls
within one of these three categories. See Board of Regents
of State Colleges v. Roth, -- 571 (1972). If
it does not, the "requirements" of due process do not
"apply." Ibid.
By seeking to execute Gutierrez and to imprison him until
his execution, Texas undoubtedly seeks to deprive Gutierrez
of his life and liberty. Yet, Gutierrez rightly does not base
his due process claim on either of these deprivations, because
he has received far more than the process required to justify
them. Under our precedents, Texas must conduct a trial
Page Proof Pending Publication
before it can imprison or execute a person as punishment for
a crime. See Herrera v. Collins, -- 399
(1993). But, the "State is not required by the Federal Con-
stitution to provide... a right to appellate review." Griffn
v. Illinois, (1956) (plurality opinion); accord,
id., at 21 (Frankfurter, J., concurring in judgment); McKane
v. Durston, (1894). Nor need it provide
"[p]ostconviction relief," which "is even further removed
from the criminal trial." Pennsylvania v. Finley, -- 557 (1987). Texas thus gave Gutierrez at his 1999
trial all the process necessary to imprison and execute him.
The ensuing quarter century of direct and collateral review
has been additional process above the constitutional foor.
Gutierrez instead asserts that he has a distinct " `liberty
interest' " in Texas's "state-created right to postconviction"
relief. Ante, at 314. In Gutierrez's view, part of the "lib-
erty" that Texas prisoners enjoy under the Fourteenth
Amendment is a right to obtain release pursuant to Texas's
habeas statute, which the State takes away every time its
 Cite as: (2025) 325

Thomas, J., dissenting

courts deny habeas relief. Thus, Gutierrez contends, if
Texas law does not afford prisoners suffcient procedural
rights to bolster their habeas petitions -- such as, in his case,
access to DNA testing -- the State has deprived them of lib-
erty without the due process of law.2
Gutierrez bases his asserted interest on this Court's deci-
sion in District Attorney's Offce for Third Judicial Dist. v.
Osborne, (2009). There, the Court concluded
that a prisoner has a "postconviction liberty interest" under
the Due Process Clause if state law grants him "an entitle-
ment... to prove his innocence even after a fair trial has
proved otherwise." Id., at 67 -- 68.

II
The Fourteenth Amendment does not protect Gutierrez's
asserted "liberty interest." As originally understood, "lib-
erty" in the Fourteenth Amendment likely referred only to
Page Proof Pending Publication
freedom from physical restraint. It did not include entitle-

2
Gutierrez also claims that executive clemency is a "liberty interest"
that he cannot be denied without access to DNA testing. But, "noncapital
defendants do not have a liberty interest in traditional state executive
clemency." District Attorney's Offce for Third Judicial Dist. v. Osborne,
(2009); see Connecticut Bd. of Pardons v. Dumschat, (1981). In Ohio Adult Parole Authority v. Woodard, (1998), Chief Justice Rehnquist concluded for a plurality of the
Court that the same is true of capital defendants, because trial and sen-
tencing extinguish the defendant's "interest in not being executed in ac-
cord with his sentence." Id., at 281. When applying for clemency, the
"defendant in effect accepts the fnality of the death sentence for purposes
of adjudication, and appeals for clemency as a matter of grace." Id., at
282. Justice O'Connor, in contrast, left open the possibility that "some
minimal procedural safeguards apply to clemency proceedings," such that
a due process violation "might" occur if "a state offcial fipped a coin to
determine whether to grant clemency." Id., at 289 (opinion concurring in
part and concurring in judgment). But, even if Justice O'Connor's view
is correct, Gutierrez plainly cannot rely on it to establish a due process
violation. DNA testing is not necessary to make the Texas clemency
process less arbitrary than a coin fip.
326 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Thomas, J., dissenting

ments to government-created benefts. This Court's con-
trary precedent stems from a conscious, policy-based rejec-
tion of the Due Process Clause's original meaning.

A
The original meaning of "liberty" in the Fourteenth
Amendment was likely far narrower than our precedents
currently hold. The term originally appears to have re-
ferred only to freedom from physical restraint. But, in the
Lochner era, the Court began to hold that "liberty" includes
fundamental rights generally. See Lochner v. New York,
(1905). This Court has since adhered to that
broader meaning.
As with any legal text, we must construe the Fourteenth
Amendment according to the ordinary meaning of its terms
at the time of its enactment. Gibbons v. Ogden, 9 Wheat. 1,
188 -- 189 (1824); T. Cooley, Constitutional Limitations 55
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1868). We may not defer to "demonstrably erroneous"
precedents that are inconsistent with the Amendment's orig-
inal meaning. Gamble v. United States, -- 
718 (2019) (Thomas, J., concurring).
When the Fourteenth Amendment was adopted in 1868,
its Due Process Clause was understood to embody an "old... principle" dating back to Magna Carta, the great 13th-
century charter of English liberties. Munn v. Illinois, -- 124 (1877). Magna Carta provided that a
"free man" may not be "prosecute[d]," "imprisoned," or "de-
stroyed" except "by the law of the land." Magna Carta, ch.
39 (1215), in A. Howard, Magna Carta: Text and Commen-
tary 43 (1964). A century later, a statute interpreting this
"law of the land" provision stated that "no Man" shall be
"imprisoned" or "put to Death, without being brought in An-
swer by due Process of the Law." 28 Edw. III, c. 3 (1354);
see also 1 E. Coke, The Second Part of the Institutes of
the Laws of England 50 (1642) (interpreting "by the Law of
the Land" to be equivalent to "by due Process of the Com-
mon law").
 Cite as: (2025) 327

Thomas, J., dissenting

Blackstone referred to Magna Carta's "law of the land"
provision as protecting the three "absolute rights of every
Englishman": the "right of personal security," including
"life"; "the right of personal liberty"; and "the right of
private property." 1 W. Blackstone, Commentaries on
the Laws of England 123, 125 (1765) (Blackstone). This for-
mulation "heavily" infuenced the founding generation of
America. Obergefell v. Hodges, (2015)
(Thomas, J., dissenting). Many early state constitutions
contained provisions "that replicated Magna Carta's lan-
guage, but were modifed to refer specifcally to `life, liberty,
or property.' " Ibid., and (collecting examples). And,
the Fifth Amendment similarly prohibited the Federal Gov-
ernment from depriving any person "of life, liberty, or prop-
erty, without due process of law."
"Liberty" in the Fifth Amendment likely refers only to
freedom from physical restraint. Blackstone defned "the
Page Proof Pending Publication
right of personal liberty" as "the power of loco-motion, of
changing situation, or removing one's person to whatsoever
place one's own inclination may direct; without imprisonment
or restraint, unless by due course of law." 1 Blackstone 130.
Following Blackstone, "[s]tate decisions interpreting [state
due process] provisions between the founding and the ratif-
cation of the Fourteenth Amendment almost uniformly con-
strued the word `liberty' to refer only to freedom from physi-
cal restraint." Obergefell, 576 U. S., at 724 -- 725 (Thomas, J.,
dissenting) 
(Warren)). In light of this history, "it is hard to see how
the `liberty' protected by the [Fifth Amendment] could be
interpreted to include anything broader." 576 U. S., at 725
(Thomas, J., dissenting).
"If the Fifth Amendment uses `liberty' in this narrow
sense, then the Fourteenth Amendment likely does as well."
Ibid. When the language of a provision "is obviously trans-
planted from another legal source, it brings the old soil with
it." Taggart v. Lorenzen, (2019) (internal
328 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Thomas, J., dissenting

quotation marks omitted). Applying that well-established
principle, this Court has long recognized the Fourteenth
Amendment's due process protections as having "the same
sense" as the Fifth Amendment's. Hurtado v. California,
-- 535 (1884); accord, Slaughter-House Cases,
16 Wall. 36, 80 -- 81 (1873); Hibben v. Smith, 
(1903); Malinski v. New York, (1945) (opin-
ion of Frankfurter, J.).3
It was not until the Lochner era that this Court adopted
a broader understanding of "liberty." During that period,
stretching from 1897 to 1937, this Court relied on the "legal
fction" of "substantive" due process to invalidate disfavored
social and economic legislation by States. McDonald v. Chi-
cago, (2010) (Thomas, J., concurring in part
and concurring in judgment). Under that fction, the Due
Process Clauses forbade all government infringement on
"certain `fundamental' liberty interests..., no matter what
Page Proof Pending Publication
process is provided." Reno v. Flores, 
(1993). To make the fction work, the Court reinterpreted
the Clauses' guarantee of " `process' " to encompass "sub-
stance," a notion that "strains credulity for even the most
casual user of words." McDonald, 561 U. S., at 811 (opinion
of Thomas, J.).

3
Some decisions of this Court, while recognizing the general principle
that the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments' Due Process Clauses should
be read together, have left open the possibility "that questions may arise
in which different constructions and applications of [the Clauses] may be
proper." French v. Barber Asphalt Paving Co., (1901).
Even assuming that caveat is correct, however, reading "liberty" in the
Fourteenth Amendment to mean fundamental rights generally, see infra
this page and 329, would appear to render the Fourteenth Amendment so
broad that it would destroy the general rule that the Fifth and Fourteenth
Amendments should be read coextensively. And, even if "liberty" in the
Fourteenth Amendment were entirely decoupled from its meaning in the
Fifth Amendment, I am aware of nothing showing that the term was un-
derstood to encompass government entitlements before the 1970s. See
infra, at 331 -- 334.
 Cite as: (2025) 329

Thomas, J., dissenting

The Court's embrace of substantive due process also re-
quired it to jettison the concept of "liberty" as only freedom
from restraint, so that it could encompass other rights that
the Court deemed "fundamental." In Allgeyer v. Louisi-
ana, (1897), this Court's frst substantive due
process decision under the Fourteenth Amendment, the
Court for the frst time broadened the defnition of "liberty"
to include the freedom of contract. Id., at 589; see Warren
445 -- 449 (tracing the interpretation of "liberty" from the
Fourteenth Amendment's ratifcation to Allgeyer). By the
height of the Lochner era, the Court had stretched the term
to cover "those privileges long recognized at common law as
essential to the orderly pursuit of happiness by free men."
Meyer v. Nebraska, (1923). These privi-
leges included "the right of the individual to contract, to en-
gage in any of the common occupations of life, to acquire
useful knowledge, to marry, establish a home and bring up

Page Proof Pending Publication
children," and "to worship God according to the dictates of
his own conscience." Ibid.
This Court eventually repudiated Lochner's muscular ver-
sion of substantive due process -- at least for economic rights.
See Ferguson v. Skrupa, (1963); West Coast
Hotel Co. v. Parrish, (1937). But, the Court
continues to treat Meyer's defnition of "liberty" as authori-
tative. E. g., Roth, 408 U. S., at 572.

B
Gutierrez's claim of a state-created "liberty interest" in ob-
taining post-conviction relief is inconsistent with the original
understanding of "liberty." From the founding through the
Lochner era, "liberty" was understood to be a natural, pre-
political right. Such an understanding is fundamentally in-
compatible with a "right" bestowed by the government.
Blackstone squarely framed life, liberty, and property as
natural rights that existed before government. In an ac-
count "heavily infuenced" by the political theories of John
330 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Thomas, J., dissenting

Locke, Obergefell, 576 U. S., at 726 -- 727, (Thomas, J.,
dissenting), Blackstone explained that, in the state of nature,
every man has the "power of acting as [he] thinks ft, without
any restraint or control." 1 Blackstone 121. When man
"enters into society, [he] gives up a part of his natural lib-
erty" to enjoy the rest of it in security. Ibid. Thus, the
liberty that each man enjoys as "a member of society, is no
other than natural liberty so far restrained by human laws... as is necessary and expedient for the general advantage
of the publick." Ibid. This includes "the absolute rights"
of life, liberty, and property, which exist in the "state of na-
ture, and which every man is intitled to enjoy whether out
of society or in it." Id., at 119 (emphasis deleted). In other
words, according to Blackstone, life, liberty, and property are
rights that predate government and that were not surren-
dered when government was established; they are not enti-
tlements that the government can bestow by positive law.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Founding-era Americans shared this understanding of lib-
erty. The Lockean "idea of civil liberty as natural liberty
constrained by human law" "permeated the 18th-century po-
litical scene in America." Obergefell, 576 U. S., at 726 -- 728
(Thomas, J., dissenting). For instance, the Virginia Decla-
ration of Rights of 1776 -- "the frst of the colonial bills of
rights," Klopfer v. North Carolina, 
(1967) -- proclaimed that "all men... by nature" possess the
"inherent rights" of "life," "liberty," and "property," which
they retain "when they enter into a state of society." § I, in
1 Milestone Documents in American History 154 (P. Finkel-
man ed. 2008) (Finkelman). Similarly, the Declaration of In-
dependence asserts that the "unalienable Rights" of "Life,
Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness" come from the "Cre-
ator," and that, "to secure these rights, Governments are
instituted among Men." ¶2.
The understanding of liberty as a natural right persisted
until well after the enactment of the Fourteenth Amend-
ment. Even as this Court expanded the notion of "liberty"
 Cite as: (2025) 331

Thomas, J., dissenting

in the Lochner era, it remained faithful to the idea of liberty
as "individual freedom from governmental action, not as a
right to a particular governmental entitlement." Oberge-
fell, 576 U. S., at 726 (Thomas, J., dissenting). None of the
liberties enumerated in Meyer, for instance, could be charac-
terized as state-created benefts. See 262 U. S., at 399. To
the contrary, when interpreting the Due Process Clauses, the
Court distinguished between rights inherent to the individ-
ual and privileges established by the government. The
Court recognized, for example, that a prisoner's statutory
entitlement to early release on parole was a "privilege" that
"comes as an act of grace to one convicted of a crime," not
a right protected by the Due Process Clauses. Escoe v.
Zerbst, -- 493 (1935).
In short, entitlements established by the government can-
not be "liberty" under the Due Process Clause of the Four-
teenth Amendment. Gutierrez thus has no "liberty inter-

Page Proof Pending Publication
est" in Texas's state-created right to post-conviction relief.

C
Gutierrez rests the legitimacy of his due process claim on
Osborne, which concluded that a prisoner has a " `liberty in-
terest' " when state law gives him "an entitlement... to
prove his innocence even after a fair trial has proved other-
wise." 557 U. S., at 67. But, Osborne did not base this con-
clusion on the original meaning of "liberty" in the Four-
teenth Amendment. It instead relied on a line of cases
ultimately tracing back to Goldberg v. Kelly, 
(1970), where this Court relied on policy considerations to
redefne "property" to include government entitlements.
Scholars generally agree that the term "property" in the
Due Process Clauses originally referred only to those inter-
ests traditionally recognized as property at common law.
See, e. g., 1 K. Hickman & R. Pierce, Administrative Law.4, pp. 903 -- 904 (7th ed. 2024); G. Lawson, Federal Adminis-
trative Law 350 (1998); L. Tribe, American Constitutional
332 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Thomas, J., dissenting

Law -- 8, pp. 680 -- 681 (2d ed. 1988). Property at common
law did not include entitlements to government benefts.
See 2 Blackstone 16 -- 19, 384 -- 399; J. Kent, Commentaries on
American Law 324 -- 330, 613 -- 614 (W. Browne ed. 1894)
(Kent). And, consistent with their general view of civil lib-
erties, Americans at the founding and in the early Republic
viewed property -- like liberty -- as a natural, pre-political
right. See, e. g., Virginia Declaration of Rights, § I, in
Finkelman 154; Calder v. Bull, 3 Dall. 386, 388 -- 389 (1798)
(opinion of Chase, J.); H. Baldwin, A General View of the
Origin and Nature of the Constitution and Government of
the United States 136 (1837); Kent 203.
The understanding of property as a natural right per-
sisted through the ratifcation of the Fourteenth Amend-
ment. After the Civil War, this Court held that a statute-of-
limitations defense was not "property" within the meaning
of the Constitution because it "is the creation of conventional
Page Proof Pending Publication
law," not a "natural right." Campbell v. Holt, (1885). And, state-court decisions in the years leading
up to and immediately following the Amendment's ratifca-
tion continued to recognize property as a natural right.
See, e. g., People v. Quant, 12 How. Pr. 83, 89 (NY Sup. Ct.
1855); Sherman v. Buick, 32 Cal. 241, 249 (1867); Munn v.
People, 69 Ill. 80, 96 (1873), aff'd, (1877).
Consistent with this view, "it has traditionally been held"
that the Due Process Clauses do not apply where it is "possi-
ble to characterize [the asserted] private interest... as a
mere privilege subject to the [government's] plenary power."
Cafeteria & Restaurant Workers v. McElroy, (1961). Thus, from the antebellum period to the 1960s,
this Court consistently recognized that government employ-
ment, veterans' benefts, admission to the country as an
alien, and other government-created entitlements are not
property or otherwise cognizable interests under the Due
Process Clauses. See, e. g., United States ex rel. Knauff v.
Shaughnessy, (1950); Oceanic Steam Nav.
 Cite as: (2025) 333

Thomas, J., dissenting

Co. v. Stranahan, -- 343 (1909); Buttfeld v.
Stranahan, (1904); Taylor v. Beckham, (1900); Crenshaw v. United States, (1890); United States v. Teller, (1883);
Butler v. Pennsylvania, 10 How. 402, 416 (1851); Kendall v.
United States ex rel. Stokes, 12 Pet. 524, 592 -- 593 (1838).
In the 1960s, Professor Charles Reich of the Yale Law
School published two articles proposing a radical reinterpre-
tation of the concept of property. See Individual Rights and
Social Welfare: The Emerging Legal Issues, 74 Yale L. J.
1245 (1965) (Individual Rights); The New Property, 73 Yale
L. J. 733 (1964) (The New Property). Taking direct aim at
the Framers' understanding, Reich argued that "[p]roperty
is not a natural right but a deliberate construction by soci-
ety" that could be redefned to meet contemporary social
needs. Id., at 771. In his view, the rise of "the welfare
state" and the dependence it fostered meant that "each man
Page Proof Pending Publication
cannot be wholly the master of his own destiny." Id., at 786.
Thus, he concluded, to protect the now-dependent citizenry
from arbitrary government power, the legal system must
"mak[e government] benefts into rights" akin to traditional
property rights. Ibid. In other words, "[w]e must create a
new property." Id., at 787.
This Court embraced Reich's vision in 1970, holding that
"welfare benefits" are property under the Fourteenth
Amendment's Due Process Clause because they "are a mat-
ter of statutory entitlement for persons qualifed to receive
them." Goldberg, 397 U. S., at 261 -- 262. The Court dis-
missed any distinction between "a `privilege' and... a
`right,' " and did not attempt to ground its conclusion in the
text or history of the Due Process Clause. Id., at 262 (some
internal quotation marks omitted). The Court instead gave
a sociological justifcation, "simply highlight[ing] the social
importance of `entitlements,' which had come to make up
`[m]uch of the existing wealth in this country,' and which only
the poor had been theretofore unable to effectively enforce."
334 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Thomas, J., dissenting

Williams v. Reed, n. (2025) (Thomas, J.,
dissenting); see Goldberg, 397 U. S., at 262, and.
Soon after Goldberg's radical redefnition of "property" to
include government-created entitlements, this Court rede-
fned "liberty" along similar lines. The Court held that, in
at least some circumstances, the denial of parole triggered
the Due Process Clause because "a person's liberty is equally
protected, even when the liberty itself is a statutory creation
of the State." Wolff v. McDonnell, (1974);
accord, Meachum v. Fano, (1976). To jus-
tify this shift, the Court relied on "the accepted due process
analysis as to property." Wolff, 418 U. S., at 557 -- 558; ac-
cord, Meachum, 427 U. S., at 226 ; see also Evitts v. Lucey, -- 401 (1985).
As with property, the Court's redefnition of "liberty" was
Page Proof Pending Publication
a conscious break with the past. The Court rejected the
inquiry of "whether [a] parolee's liberty is a `right' or a `privi-
lege' " as "hardly useful any longer." Morrissey v. Brewer,
(1972). It expressly re-
pudiated its earlier case law holding that probation, as "an
`act of grace,' " triggers no due process protections. See
Gagnon v. Scarpelli, (1973). And, seemingly to obfuscate the
awkwardness of referring to a government-created entitle-
ment as "liberty," the Court began to speak instead of "lib-
erty interests." Kenosha v. Bruno, (1973). Although it is now
standard terminology in due process litigation, the phrase
did not appear in the United States Reports before Goldberg.
Osborne relied on this line of cases to recognize a "liberty
interest" in post-conviction procedures. Invoking the lan-
guage of Goldberg, the Court asserted that a prisoner has a
"liberty interest" in a State's post-conviction procedures if
those procedures confer "an entitlement... to prove his
 Cite as: (2025) 335

Thomas, J., dissenting

innocence" after trial. 557 U. S., at 67.
And, to establish that an entitlement of this kind can give
rise to a viable due process claim, the Court cited Connecti-
cut Bd. of Pardons v. Dumschat, (1981),
and Wolff, 418 U. S., at 556 -- 558, both of which relied on this
Court's post-Goldberg redefnition of "property." 4 See 557
U. S., at 68.
Osborne thus cannot support Gutierrez's asserted "liberty
interest." We may, consistent with the judicial power, defer
to earlier decisions that "apply traditional tools of construc-
tion and arrive at different," but reasonable, "interpretations
of legal texts." Gamble, 587 U. S., at 721 (Thomas, J., con-
curring). But, Osborne rests on nothing more than Gold-
berg's abandonment of the Due Process Clause's original
meaning.
III
We should correct the error we made in Osborne, which
Page Proof Pending Publication
seriously undermines States' interests in fnality and in pro-
viding relief to compelling claims of actual innocence. At
the very least, we should cease fnding novel ways to revive
due process challenges to post-conviction DNA testing pro-
cedures, as the Court does today.
In enacting Chapter 64, Texas has voluntarily chosen to
prioritize claims of actual innocence at a signifcant cost to
its interest in fnality. Thanks in no small part to decisions
of this Court, capital cases today are routinely plagued by
decades-long delays between sentencing and execution, with
much of the litigation concerning convoluted procedural is-
sues having little or nothing to do with the guilt or innocence
of the defendant. See Baze v. Rees, -- 70
4
Wolff invoked "the accepted due process analysis as to property" to
hold that a "statutory right to good time" credits constituted a liberty
interest. 418 U. S., at 557 -- 558. Dumschat relied on Wolff and Meachum
v. Fano, (1976), to establish that a " `state-created right' "
can be a cognizable liberty interest. 452 U. S., at 463. Meachum cited
Goldberg for that point. 427 U. S., at 226.
336 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Thomas, J., dissenting

(2008) (Alito, J., concurring); id., at 92 (Scalia, J., concurring
in judgment). This delay undermines the "important inter-
est" that both "the State and the victims of crime have...
in the timely enforcement of a sentence." Hill v. McDon-
ough, (2006). In spite of these interests,
Texas has willingly decided to make freestanding actual-
innocence claims cognizable on post-conviction review and to
create a process for obtaining DNA testing to support such
claims. In this respect, Texas is more generous to capital
defendants than the Federal Government, which offers
no statutory mechanism for raising a freestanding actual-
innocence claim. See Herrera, 506 U. S., at 400.
By recognizing a "liberty interest" in Texas's post-
conviction procedures, however, this Court has converted
those procedures from a means of vindicating compelling
claims of actual innocence into a tool for obstruction. In ad-
dition to trial, direct appeal, and multiple rounds of collateral
Page Proof Pending Publication
review in state and federal court, Texas must now prevail
in yet another arena -- litigation challenging its DNA
testing procedures -- before it can carry out its lawfully im-
posed sentences. See Rev. Stat., 42 U. S. C..
And, given the novelty of this litigation, such suits give rise
to a host of diffcult threshold justiciability questions that
must be resolved before a federal court can reach the merits
of the due process challenge, much less before a state court
can resolve the prisoner's claim of actual innocence.
We need look no further than this case. Twenty-six years
after the brutal murder of Escolastica Harrison, this Court
stayed Gutierrez's impending execution. 
(2024). Why? Not because Gutierrez had made a compel-
ling allegation of innocence. Rather, the Court stayed the
execution to decide whether Gutierrez has standing to raise a
due process challenge to Texas's post-conviction procedures.
There is every reason to think that the ultimate claim of
actual innocence on which Gutierrez's case rests is baseless.
The key premise that Gutierrez hopes that DNA testing will
 Cite as: (2025) 337

Thomas, J., dissenting

establish -- that he was not inside Harrison's home when she
was stabbed to death with a pair of screwdrivers -- is contra-
dicted by his own confession, to say nothing of the unani-
mous statements of his accomplices. See post, at 339 -- 340
(Alito, J., dissenting). The TCCA has held three times that
Gutierrez would likely still have been convicted of capital
murder as an accomplice even if he could prove that he had
not personally been inside Harrison's home. See post, at
343 -- 344. And, in Gutierrez's most recent motion for DNA
testing, the trial court explicitly found that Gutierrez had
made the motion "for the purpose of unreasonably delaying
the execution of [his] sentence." App. 655a. In short,
Texas could reasonably determine that the need for fnality
outweighed the upsides of giving Gutierrez additional proc-
ess. Yet, because this Court has found a "liberty interest"
where none exists, that judgment must be thwarted until
this additional multiyear front of litigation reaches its conclu-

Page Proof Pending Publication
sion. If this is what States can expect when they create
new post-conviction avenues for raising actual-innocence
claims, they may well conclude that doing so is not worth
the cost.5
* * *
Gutierrez's suit rests on a non-existent "liberty interest."
The Due Process Clause protects an individual's natural lib-
erty from government interference. It does not guarantee
entitlements to government benefts, like Texas's voluntarily
adopted post-conviction procedures. By intervening to re-
vive this suit, the Court facilitates precisely the "unjustifed

5
Our two earlier cases addressing due process challenges to Texas's
DNA testing procedures followed a similar pattern. In both cases, the
Court intervened long after sentencing to address threshold procedural
issues in the petitioners' federal due process suits. See Reed, 598 U. S.,
at 232 -- 233 (addressing the timeliness of petitioner's due process suit 25
years after sentencing); Skinner v. Switzer, (2011) (ad-
dressing the availability of as a cause of action 16 years after
sentencing).
338 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Alito, J., dissenting

delay" that it is supposed to prevent in capital cases. Buck-
lew v. Precythe, (2019). That is a misuse
of our discretionary certiorari jurisdiction. I respectfully
dissent.

Justice Alito, with whom Justice Thomas and Justice
Gorsuch join, dissenting.
The Court and I agree on one thing: we should decide this
case based on the test adopted in Reed v. Goertz, (2023). After that, however, the majority veers
sharply off course. First, it blatantly alters the Reed test.
See ante, at 309, 315, 317. Second, it then has the audacity
to criticize the Fifth Circuit for applying the real Reed test.
See ante, at 316. Third, it ignores critical differences be-
tween the situation in Reed and the situation here. See ante,
at 316 -- 318. Fourth, it paints a misleading picture of underly-
ing facts and Gutierrez's decades-long litigation campaign.

Page Proof Pending Publication
See ante, at 309 -- 314. Fifth, it fails to recognize the limited
scope of the declaratory judgment at issue. See ante, at 316.
And sixth, it ignores lawful and binding Texas law regarding
the facts that may be considered when a prisoner seeks DNA
testing. See ante, at 317.
I
A
1
Because the majority paints a misleading picture of the
facts and prior proceedings in this case, I begin by setting
the record straight. In 1999, Gutierrez was convicted and
sentenced to death for the brutal murder of Escolastica Har-
rison, an 85-year-old woman who lived in a mobile home park
in Brownsville, Texas, with her nephew Avel Cuellar. See
Ex parte Gutierrez, 337 S. W. 3d 883, 886 (Tex. Crim. App.
2011). As a result of his friendship with Cuellar, Gutierrez
became acquainted with Harrison and occasionally ran er-
rands for her. Ibid. Cuellar, Gutierrez, and other friends
 Cite as: (2025) 339

Alito, J., dissenting

gathered to drink behind Harrison's home -- and Cuellar,
while inebriated, revealed that Harrison kept her entire life
savings (more than $600,000) in her home because she
distrusted banks. See Gutierrez v. Stephens, 2013 WL
12092544, *1 (SD Tex., Oct. 3, 2013); Ex parte Gutierrez, 337
S. W. 3d, at 886.
When Gutierrez heard this, he hatched a plan to break
into the mobile home and steal the money. Id., at 886. He
recruited two accomplices -- Rene Garcia and Pedro Gracia -- 
and on September 5, 1998, the three men went to Harrison's
trailer home to execute the plan. Ibid. By the time they
left the scene, Harrison had been beaten and stabbed 13
times in her face and neck with two different instruments.
See id., at 887, and. When Cuellar came home that
night, he reported discovering his elderly aunt's dead body
face-down in a pool of blood. Id., at 886.
Several witnesses told detectives that they had seen Gu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tierrez at the mobile home park on the day of the murder.
Ibid.; see Gutierrez v. Stephens, No. 1:09 -- cv -- 00022 (SD Tex.,
July 30, 2012), ECF Doc. 23 -- 96, pp. 22 -- 23. Detectives vis-
ited Gutierrez's home but were told he was not there.
Ex parte Gutierrez, 337 S. W. 3d, at 886. The next day,
Gutierrez voluntarily appeared at the police station and
made the frst of three conficting statements. Ibid. He
told detectives that on the day of the murder, he was driving
with a friend far away from the mobile home park. Ibid.;
see 93 F. 4th 267, 269 (CA5 2024). This alibi fell through,
however, when the friend told a conficting story. Ex parte
Gutierrez, 337 S. W. 3d, at 886. In addition, Garcia and
Gracia confessed to involvement in the crime, named Gutier-
rez as an accomplice, and said he was inside the mobile home
when Harrison was killed.1 Id., at 891; ECF Doc. 2 -- 2, at 2.
Based on these statements and other evidence, Gutierrez

1
These statements were not admitted at trial. See Ex parte Gutierrez,
337 S. W. 3d, at 891.
340 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Alito, J., dissenting

was arrested. Ex parte Gutierrez, 337 S. W. 3d, at 887;
ECF Doc. 2 -- 2, at 2.
At the police station, Gutierrez agreed to give a second
statement. Id., at 2. Abandoning his earlier story, he ad-
mitted that he had planned to " `rip off' " Harrison, but he
claimed that he had not wanted to murder her. Ex parte
Gutierrez, 337 S. W. 3d, at 887. He told the police he had
been waiting at a park when Garcia and Gracia carried out
the scheme. Ibid. When they later met, he asserted, Gar-
cia was holding a screwdriver covered in blood and said he
had killed Harrison. Ibid.
The following day, Gutierrez gave his third conficting
statement. Ibid. In a signed confession, he said that Gar-
cia was supposed to lure Harrison out of her home so that
Gutierrez could enter through the back of the trailer and
steal the money, but when Harrison saw Gutierrez enter her
home, Garcia knocked her out and began to stab her with

Page Proof Pending Publication
a screwdriver. Ibid. Gutierrez admitted that both he and
Garcia were armed with screwdrivers during the robbery.
Gutierrez, 2013 WL 12092544, *2. Gutierrez said that he
took the money while Garcia was stabbing Harrison and that
Gracia drove everyone away from the scene. Ibid. The
State of Texas then charged Gutierrez with capital murder
committed in the course of a robbery. Ibid.
2
Gutierrez moved to suppress his signed confession, ar-
guing that it was coerced and that the police continued to
question him after he had invoked his right to counsel and
his right to remain silent. See id., at *20. After conduct-
ing a hearing at which Gutierrez and two police offcers testi-
fed, the judge denied the motion and issued detailed fndings
of fact.2 Ibid.; see also ECF Doc. 23 -- 66, at 47 -- 125.
2
After the hearing, the judge initially denied the suppression motion
orally, but after Gutierrez appealed, the case was remanded, at the State's
request, for the issuance of written findings. Guti er rez, 2013 WL
 Cite as: (2025) 341

Alito, J., dissenting

Gutierrez appealed, but the TCCA affrmed. See Gutier-
rez, 2013 WL 12092544, *21.

3
At trial, the State's theory was that Gutierrez was guilty
of murder either as a principal or a party to the crime. Ex
parte Gutierrez, 337 S. W. 3d, at 888. The State relied on
Texas's "law of parties," under which "[a] person is crimi-
nally responsible as a party to an offense if the offense is
committed... by the conduct of another for which he is
criminally responsible." Tex. Penal Code Ann..01(a)
(West 2021). Because Gutierrez had admitted to participat-
ing in the robbery, the State argued that he could be found
guilty of murder even if he was not the one who delivered
the fatal blows. See ECF Doc. 23 -- 102, at 69 -- 70.
Gutierrez's defense offered a version of events that dif-
fered from all three of Gutierrez's prior stories. The new
Page Proof Pending Publication
account was that Cuellar had fatally stabbed Harrison. Gu-
tierrez, 2013 WL 12092544, *3. The defense "intimated that
the police had manufactured Gutierrez's statements" and
criticized the police for conducting a shoddy investigation.
Ibid. The jury found Gutierrez guilty.
At the penalty phase of the trial, the State presented evi-
dence that Gutierrez had a long history of crime and vio-
lence, including burglaries, assault on a police offcer, and
threats to kill an assistant district attorney and a prison
guard. Ibid. The jury found (1) that Gutierrez posed a
"continuing threat to society," (2) that he had "intended to
kill the deceased or... anticipated that a human life would
be taken," and (3) that any mitigating circumstance were in-
suffcient to warrant a sentence of life imprisonment without
parole. ECF Doc. 23 -- 108, at 45 -- 48; ECF Doc. 23 -- 109, at 4 -- 

12092544, *20 -- *21. Gutierrez then took a second appeal, and the Texas
Court of Criminal Appeals (TCCA) affrmed. Gutierrez v. Stephens,
No. 1:09 -- cv -- 00022 (Jan. 26, 2009), ECF Doc. 2 -- 2, pp. 2 -- 4; see Gutierrez,
2013 WL 12092544, *21.
342 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Alito, J., dissenting

5; see Tex. Code Crim. Proc. Ann., Art. 37.071, (e)(1)
(Vernon 2006). Based on these fndings, the judge imposed
a sentence of death.
Gutierrez appealed and argued, among many other things,
that his confession should have been suppressed, but the
TCCA affrmed his conviction and sentence. See Ex parte
Gutierrez, 337 S. W. 3d, at 888; ECF Doc. 19, at 58 -- 60.

B
The end of direct appellate review was just the start of a
new litigation saga spanning 23 years (and counting). After
the conclusion of direct appellate review in 2002, Gutierrez
fled multiple petitions for state and federal post-conviction
relief, none of which has been successful. See 93 F. 4th, at
269 -- 270. And Gutierrez has told us that he intends to fle
yet another petition for state post-conviction relief. See
Brief for Petitioner 40 -- 41.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Among the many claims that Gutierrez has advanced in
post-trial litigation, the claim involved here -- that he is enti-
tled to DNA testing of items found at the murder scene -- has
a prominent place. At trial, however, his counsel declined
to request DNA testing. Ex parte Gutierrez, 337 S. W. 3d,
at 897. As recounted by the TCCA, "the record affrma-
tively shows that DNA testing was available to appellant
before trial," but "defense counsel apparently did not have
testing performed on those same items because of sound
trial strategy." Ibid.. Instead of risking
what testing might reveal, counsel "used the fact that the
Brownsville Police Department failed to test the evidence
containing biological DNA evidence to argue the lack of in-
vestigation and the existence of reasonable doubt during the
trial." Id., at 896. The lack of testing fgured prominently
in his cross-examination of prosecution witnesses and was
repeatedly raised during summation. Id., at 896 -- 897, and.
 Cite as: (2025) 343

Alito, J., dissenting

The decision to forgo DNA testing at trial did not pay off,
so after his conviction, Gutierrez changed course and de-
manded testing in post-conviction proceedings. Chapter 64
of the Texas Code of Criminal Procedure governs such re-
quests, and Gutierrez fled his frst Chapter 643 motion in
2010. See 93 F. 4th, at 269. He sought testing of: (1) a
blood sample taken from Harrison; (2) a blood-stained shirt
belonging to Cuellar; (3) nail scrapings from Harrison; (4)
blood samples collected from Cuellar's bathroom, from a rain-
coat located in or just outside Cuellar's bedroom, and from
the sofa in the front room of the home; and (5) a loose hair
recovered from Harrison's fnger. Ex parte Gutierrez, 337
S. W. 3d, at 888. According to Gutierrez, the testing would
show that he had not entered Harrison's house and would
"support his position that he neither murdered Mrs. Har-
rison nor anticipated her murder." Ibid.
The trial court denied this motion, and the TCCA affrmed.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Id., at 888 -- 889, 901 -- 902. The TCCA explained that Chapter
64 authorizes post-conviction DNA testing only when the re-
sults would affect the applicant's conviction, not his sentence.
Id., at 899 -- 901. And in any event, it explained, favorable
DNA results would not undermine the jury's guilty verdict
because they would not "make it less probable" that Gutier-
rez planned and participated in the crime. Id., at 901. Nor,
it added, would such results affect Gutierrez's eligibility for
the death penalty because "the record facts satisfy the En-
mund/Tison culpability requirements that he played a major
role in the underlying robbery and that his acts showed a
reckless indifference to human life." Ibid.4

3
The majority refers to this provision as "Article 64," but because the
lower courts consistently refer to the provision as "Chapter 64" and the
associated motions for DNA testing as "Chapter 64 motions," I use that
terminology here.
4
See Enmund v. Florida, (1982); Tison v. Arizona,
-- 158 (1987).
344 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Alito, J., dissenting

Gutierrez fled additional Chapter 64 motions for DNA
testing in June 2019 and July 2021, but the trial court denied
those motions, and each time the TCCA affrmed on the same
grounds. Gutierrez v. State, 2020 WL 918669, *6 -- *9 (Feb.
26, 2020) (per curiam); App. 477a -- 479a.

C
This brings us to the latest chapter -- Gutierrez's current
suit. In September 2019, Gutierrez sued Cameron County
District Attorney Luis Saenz and other Texas offcials in fed-
eral court under Rev. Stat., 42 U. S. C.. See
Complaint in Gutierrez v. Saenz, No. 1:19 -- cv -- 00185 (SD
Tex., Sept. 26, 2019), ECF Doc. 1. Gutierrez asserted sev-
eral facial and as-applied constitutional challenges to Chap-
ter 64, including a Fourteenth Amendment due process
claim, a First Amendment access-to-courts claim, and an
Eighth Amendment cruel-and-unusual-punishment claim.
Page Proof Pending Publication
See ibid.
The District Court rejected almost all of Gutierrez's
claims, but the court held that Chapter 64 is unconstitutional
insofar as it allows a defendant to seek post-conviction DNA
testing to challenge his conviction but not his sentence. 565
F. Supp. 3d 892, 910 -- 911 (SD Tex. 2021). The District Court
entered a partial declaratory judgment for Gutierrez on that
ground but did not issue the injunction Gutierrez had sought.
Ibid.; see 2020 WL 12771965, *6 (SD Tex., June 2, 2020) (de-
nying Gutierrez's request for a "preliminary and permanent
injunction" requiring Saenz to turn over the requested evi-
dence ). The State ap-
pealed, but Gutierrez did not cross-appeal, so the only issue
before the Fifth Circuit was whether Gutierrez was entitled
to a declaratory judgment on the one constitutional claim
accepted by the District Court.
The Fifth Circuit did not reach the merits of that claim
because it held that Gutierrez lacked standing. Our test for
Article III standing, set out in Lujan v. Defenders of Wild-
 Cite as: (2025) 345

Alito, J., dissenting

life, (1992), has three prongs, and the Fifth
Circuit found that Gutierrez failed the third prong -- that is,
the court found that Gutierrez could not show that his
claimed injury (lack of DNA testing) was " `likely' " to be
redressed by the relief that could at that point be awarded.
See 93 F. 4th, at 275; Lujan, 504 U. S., at 561 ("[I]t must be
likely, as opposed to merely speculative, that the injury will
be redressed by a favorable decision" ).
In Reed v. Goertz, this Court recently applied this test
under related circumstances. As I will explain, there are
critical differences between that case and the case at hand,
but there are similarities that seem to have led the majority
astray. In Reed, a prisoner sentenced to death (Rodney
Reed) brought a action against a district attorney and
sought a declaratory judgment that a particular provision
of Chapter 64 (its chain-of-custody provision, Tex. Code

Page Proof Pending Publication
Crim. Proc. Ann., Art. 64.03(a)(1)(A)(ii) (Vernon 2018)) vio-
lates the Constitution. This Court held that this declara-
tory judgment would redress the prisoner's deprivation of
DNA testing because it would " `substantially' " alter the
likelihood of the district attorney's ordering DNA testing.
Reed, 598 U. S., at 234.
There were multiple issues in Reed, and the Court's discus-
sion of redressability was terse. In its entirety, it was as
follows:
"[I]f a federal court concludes that Texas's post-
conviction DNA testing procedures violate due process,
that court order would eliminate the state prosecutor's
justifcation for denying DNA testing. It is `substan-
tially likely' that the state prosecutor would abide by
such a court order. In other words, in `terms of our
"standing" precedent, the courts would have ordered a
change in a legal status,' and `the practical consequence of
that change would amount to a signifcant increase in the
likelihood' that the state prosecutor would grant access
346 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Alito, J., dissenting

to the requested evidence and that Reed therefore
`would obtain relief that directly redresses the injury
suffered.' " Ibid. (emphasis added; citation omitted).5
The Court held that the prisoner satisfed this test. In
other words, the Court was persuaded that if he got the de-
claratory judgment he wanted, it was "substantially likely"
that the district attorney would order testing.
The Fifth Circuit faithfully applied this test in its decision
below, taking into account the particular facts of Gutierrez's
case. It noted that the TCCA has repeatedly held that Gu-
tierrez would still be responsible for the murder under the
law of parties and would still be death-penalty eligible even
if DNA testing provided the results he wanted. 93 F. 4th,
at 272 -- 273, 275. And it thus held that a decision in Gutier-
rez's favor on his constitutional claim would not make it sub-
stantially likely that the district attorney would release the

Page Proof Pending Publication
items for testing.6 Id., at 275.
Today's decision, in contrast, fagrantly distorts the stand-
ard that Reed articulated. Indeed, the majority edits Reed's
critical language in a way that would draw rebuke if done
by an attorney in a brief fled in this Court. Reed's full dis-
cussion of redressability was quoted above. It consists of
three sentences. The majority's analysis is based entirely
on the frst sentence, which states: " `[I]f a federal court con-
cludes that Texas's post-conviction DNA testing procedures

5
Reed advanced the theory that the Court adopted. His brief said that
"the question here is whether declaratory relief is likely to stop Goertz
from relying on the CCA's unconstitutional interpretation of Article 64 to
continue denying DNA testing. The answer is yes." Reply Brief in
Reed v. Goertz, O. T. 2022, No. 21 -- 442, p. 6.
6
The Fifth Circuit's assessment of the likely effect of the declaratory
judgment that Gutierrez sought was borne out when the TCCA affrmed
the denial of Gutierrez's third motion for DNA testing in June 2024 -- after
he had obtained the favorable declaratory judgment in the District Court.
See App. 467a -- 468a.
 Cite as: (2025) 347

Alito, J., dissenting

violate due process,' that court order would redress [a pris-
oner's] injury by `eliminat[ing]' the state prosecutor's reli-
ance on Article 64 as a reason for denying DNA testing."
See ante, at 319. The sec-
ond and third sentences explain why the conclusion drawn in
the frst sentence was true in Reed's case: because the partic-
ular declaratory judgment that Reed sought (striking down
Chapter 64's chain-of-custody requirement) would "substan-
tially" increase the likelihood that the district attorney
would turn over the requested items for DNA testing. Id.,
at 234. But the majority pretends those sentences do not
exist.
This distortion is bad enough, but to make matters worse,
the majority then criticizes the Fifth Circuit for "transform-
ing the redressability inquiry into a guess as to whether a
favorable court decision will in fact ultimately cause the
prosecutor to turn over the evidence." Ante, at 318. In the majority's view, this Court appar-
ently should not consider whether the District Court's judg-
ment is likely to result in Gutierrez obtaining relief, but
whether the District Court's judgment removes just one of
the numerous "barrier[s]... between Gutierrez and the re-
quested testing." Ante, at 319. The majority's new test
makes a hash of redressability. It appears that, under this
new test, the likelihood of redress is simply not relevant.
That most certainly is not what Reed held.
Under the real Reed test, a plaintiff like Gutierrez must
show that a favorable decision on his constitutional claim is
" `substantially likely' " to prompt the district attorney to
allow DNA testing. 598 U. S., at 234. And in this case, un-
like in Reed, it is clear that the only relief that Gutierrez is
in a position to seek -- reinstatement of the District Court's
declaratory judgment -- is most unlikely to cause respondent
Saenz to order DNA testing. That is the conclusion that the
Fifth Circuit reached after carefully considering the relevant
348 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Alito, J., dissenting

facts, and that court was right. The following part of this
opinion will explain why.7
II
A
The Texas courts have provided three reasons why Gutier-
rez is not entitled to the testing he seeks. Any one of these,
if sound, would justify the denial of testing.
First, both the trial court and the TCCA have held that
Gutierrez is not entitled to post-conviction DNA testing be-
cause such testing is unavailable under Chapter 64 to show
ineligibility for the death penalty, and Gutierrez could not
show by a preponderance of the evidence that he would not
have been convicted if he obtained favorable DNA test re-
sults. See Ex parte Gutierrez, 337 S. W. 3d, at 899 -- 901;

7
According to the majority, the Fifth Circuit held that "Gutierrez lacked

Page Proof Pending Publication
`standing to bring this suit,' " and it therefore concluded that Gutierrez
lacked standing to assert any of the claims he originally brought. See
ante, at 318. But just a few paragraphs after the part of the opinion in
which the language quoted by the majority appears, the opinion makes it
clear that its standing analysis focused on the one claim that was before
it. See 93 F. 4th 267, 271 (2024). That claim, the opinion noted, was that
"the state violates due process by permitting testing only if the evidence
could establish the prisoner would not have been convicted, thereby pre-
venting testing if resulting evidence would be relevant only to the sen-
tence." Ibid. It then set out respondents' standing argument: "The de-
fendants allege that Gutierrez has no standing to make that claim." Ibid.. Thus, the Fifth Circuit's opinion is best understood as
holding only that affrmance of the claim that respondents appealed -- that
Chapter 64 violates due process by barring defendants from seeking post-
conviction DNA testing to establish innocence of the death penalty -- 
would not redress Gutierrez's injury. And in any event, the redressability
inquiry had to be limited in that way because Gutierrez did not cross-
appeal the District Court's rejection of his other claims.
Attempting to evade the cross-appeal rule, the majority characterizes
this case as one in which an appellee merely wishes to defend a judgment
whose "scope" did not reach the entirety of his claim. Ante, at 318,.
But the District Court did not simply fail to award Gutierrez complete
relief on the one claim on which he prevailed. Rather, it entered judg-
ment against him on different claims.
 Cite as: (2025) 349

Alito, J., dissenting

Gutierrez, 2020 WL 918669, *5 -- *8. Second, both the trial
court and the TCCA have concluded that even favorable
DNA test results would not help Gutierrez because he would
still be responsible for the murder and would still satisfy
the Enmund/Tison Eighth Amendment requirements. See
Ex parte Gutierrez, 337 S. W. 3d, at 901; Gutierrez, 2020
WL 918669, *8. Third, the trial court found that Gutierrez's
application for DNA testing was made for the purpose of
delay. See id., at *5. This fnding of fact was not addressed
by the TCCA. See id., at *9.
Contrary to the majority's suggestion, a favorable declara-
tory judgment respecting the frst of these reasons (Chapter
64 does not allow post-conviction DNA testing to prove ineli-
gibility for the death penalty) would not remove "the...
barrier Article 64 erected between Gutierrez and the re-
quested testing"; it would remove a barrier. Ante, at 319. The District Court's declaratory judg-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ment regarding the constitutionality of Chapter 64's limited
grounds for post-conviction DNA testing, even if upheld by
the Fifth Circuit and this Court, would affect only that rea-
son and not the other two. And even if the TCCA did not
accept the trial court's fnding that Gutierrez fled his Chap-
ter 64 motion for the purpose of delay, the TCCA would al-
most certainly adhere to its prior decisions holding that fa-
vorable DNA results would not show that Gutierrez was
innocent of the crime or ineligible for the death penalty. As
a result, the only relief Gutierrez can possibly get in this case
would not result in court-ordered testing unless the TCCA
reverses course in an utterly unforeseeable way.
Gutierrez argues, however, that even if the declaratory
judgment would not lead the Texas courts to grant DNA
testing, respondent Saenz would still have discretion to turn
over the items and might do so. See Brief for Petitioner 37 -- 
38. But Gutierrez does not spell out why Saenz might do
that. His argument is based on rank speculation, and that
is not enough to support redressability. See Lujan, 504
U. S., at 561.
350 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Alito, J., dissenting

Furthermore, nothing in the record suggests that there is
any likelihood that Saenz would do what Gutierrez wants.
The declaratory judgment would not require Saenz to order
testing. And he would know that the testing would be
pointless because even if the items were tested and revealed
what Gutierrez hopes for, the Texas courts would not disturb
his conviction or sentence.
Not only is there no reason to think that Saenz -- for some
unknown reason -- might nevertheless order DNA testing,
but his conduct to date strongly suggests the opposite.
Even after the District Court issued its declaratory judg-
ment, he refused to order testing. And Gutierrez cannot ex-
plain why Saenz has steadfastly declined to allow testing
ever since. If he had any inclination to allow testing, he
could have done that at any point during this litigation -- for
example, when Gutierrez fled his petition, when this Court
granted review, at any point during the briefng process, be-
Page Proof Pending Publication
fore or after argument, or yesterday. Not only has he not
done so, he has steadfastly maintained that he will not do so.
His position is that this case should be dismissed!
Unable to explain why affrmance of the District Court's
declaratory judgment might change Saenz's mind, the major-
ity contends that a favorable decision on other constitutional
claims asserted in Gutierrez's complaint might do the trick.
And it criticizes the Fifth Circuit for "bas[ing] its assessment
of redressability on the declaratory judgment the District
Court later issued, rather than Gutierrez's complaint. "
Ante, at 317.
This reasoning is fundamentally wrong and, if allowed to
stand, will corrupt our Article III case law. Our standing
requirements "persist throughout all stages of litigation."
Hollingsworth v. Perry, (2013). "That
means that standing `must be met by persons seeking appel-
late review, just as it must be met by persons appearing in
courts of frst instance.' " Ibid. ). The con-
 Cite as: (2025) 351

Alito, J., dissenting

stitutional claims on which the majority relies were rejected
by the District Court, and Gutierrez did not appeal that part
of the judgment. As a result, the best relief that Gutierrez
could now obtain in this case is an affrmance of the District
Court's declaratory judgment -- and for the reasons already
discussed, that relief would not make DNA testing substan-
tially likely.
For all these the reasons, Gutierrez cannot satisfy Reed's
real test for redressability.
B
The majority treats this case as indistinguishable from
Reed, but that is not correct. An examination of the situa-
tion in that case provides a clear explanation for the Reed
Court's conclusion that its test for redressability was met.
And once that is understood, it is clear that the present case
is different.

Page Proof Pending Publication
1
Rodney Reed was convicted and sentenced to death for the
murder of Stacey Lee Stites, whose body was found partially
clothed and abandoned near a back country road. Reed v.
State, 541 S. W. 3d 759, 762 (Tex. Crim. App. 2017). Based
on an examination of her body, the police concluded that she
had been sexually assaulted and strangled with a belt found
at the scene. Ibid. DNA found on semen in Stites's body
matched Reed's genetic profle, and Reed was subsequently
arrested and charged with her murder. See id., at 763. At
trial, Reed argued (among other things) that he and Stites
were in a romantic relationship, that they had engaged in
consensual intercourse, and that the real culprit was Stites's
fance, Jimmy Fennell. Ex parte Reed, 271 S. W. 3d 698, 710
(Tex. Crim. App. 2008). The jury was not persuaded, and
Reed was convicted of capital murder and sentenced to
death. Id., at 712.
Reed fled a Chapter 64 motion seeking DNA testing of
the belt and more than 35 other items that were found either
352 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Alito, J., dissenting

on Stites's body, at the scene of the crime, or in or near the
truck she shared with Fennell. Reed, 541 S. W. 3d, at 764 -- 
765. Applying Chapter 64, the TCCA ruled out consider-
ation of evidence that fell into either of two categories. See
id., at 773. First, the TCCA refused to consider 21 items on
the ground that they did not satisfy Chapter 64's chain-of-
custody requirement.8 Id., at 769 -- 770. Among these were
the strap and buckle from the belt with which Stites had
apparently been strangled. Id., at 769. Second, the TCCA
excluded other items on the ground that they were not rea-
sonably likely to contain biological material suitable for test-
ing. Id., at 772. Eight items remained for the TCCA to
consider, and fve of them were found in or near the truck,
not at the crime scene. Id., at 774 -- 775. The court then
found that favorable results with respect to these eight items
would not have shown by a preponderance of the evidence
that Reed was not guilty. Id., at 773 -- 777.

Page Proof Pending
2 Publication
Once the role that the chain-of-custody rule played in the
TCCA's analysis is understood, the support for this Court's
redressability fnding in Reed is easy to understand. The
declaratory judgment that Reed sought -- striking down the
chain-of-custody rule -- would have critically undermined the
TCCA's holding with respect to the potential impact of DNA
testing. Twenty-one additional items, including the belt,
could have been considered. If Fennell's DNA, but not
Reed's, had been detected on the belt and perhaps other
items found at the scene, that would have provided signif-
cant support for Reed's theory that Fennell was the mur-
derer. As a result, the declaratory judgment might well
have led to a state-court decision ordering DNA testing, and
that possibility would have given the district attorney a rea-
son to turn over the items even before such a state-court

8
See Tex. Code Crim. Proc. Ann., Art. 64.03(a)(1)(A)(ii).
 Cite as: (2025) 353

Alito, J., dissenting

decision was handed down. The result would have been "a
signifcant increase in the likelihood that the state prosecu-
tor would grant access to the requested evidence." Reed,
598 U. S., at 234 (emphasis added; internal quotation marks
omitted).
In response, the majority argues that even if the chain of
custody rule were held to be unconstitutional, the district
attorney could have denied Reed's request for another rea-
son. Ante, at 318 -- 319. That is true but beside the point.
Under this Court's decision in Reed, all that was required to
show redressability was "a signifcant increase in the likeli-
hood" that the district attorney would allow testing.

C
Gutierrez's case presents a far different situation. Here,
the TCCA has held that, even if DNA testing failed to detect
Gutierrez's DNA and detected the presence of Cuellar's
Page Proof Pending Publication
DNA, Gutierrez could not establish that he was not guilty of
murder or that he is ineligible for a death sentence. The
TCCA noted that, since Cuellar lived with Harrison in the
same trailer home and was the person who found her dead
body, detecting his DNA on many items in the house would
not necessarily be incriminating. See Gutierrez, 2020 WL
918669, *7 -- *8. And more important, even if Cuellar's DNA
was detected on the most important items, such as the mate-
rial found under Harrison's fngernails, that would be of little
value to Gutierrez. It would suggest that Cuellar was one
of the individuals who stabbed Harrison -- but that would not
affect Gutierrez's culpability or his sentence. Whether the
fatal blows were administered by Garcia, Gracia, Cuellar, or
some combination of these men, Gutierrez would still be
guilty of murder under the law of parties because he partici-
pated in the scheme. See Tex. Penal Code Ann..01(a).
And because he had reason to know that the execution of his
scheme could well result in the loss of life, he would still be
eligible for the death penalty. See Enmund v. Florida, 458
354 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Alito, J., dissenting

U. S. 782, 797 (1982); Tison v. Arizona, -- 
158 (1987). Thus, a favorable decision on Gutierrez's consti-
tutional argument would not bolster his challenge to his
sentence.
Gutierrez responds that favorable DNA results might
change the TCCA's thinking because that court's holding on
the effect of DNA evidence did not take into account newly
discovered evidence that he wants to introduce. See Brief
for Petitioner 38 -- 42. The majority suggests that, in assess-
ing whether Gutierrez's injury of not receiving DNA testing
is redressable, the Fifth Circuit should have considered Gu-
tierrez's assertion in his complaint that favorable DNA re-
sults along with the new evidence could render him ineligi-
ble for the death penalty. See ante, at 317. But the TCCA
has held that only evidence in the trial record may be consid-
ered in determining whether post-conviction DNA testing is
allowed. See Holberg v. State, 425 S. W. 3d 282, 285 (Tex.

Page Proof Pending Publication
Crim. App. 2014) ("[T]his Court will not consider post-trial
evidence when deciding whether or not the appellant has car-
ried her burden to establish by a preponderance of the evi-
dence that she would not have been convicted had exculpa-
tory results been obtained through DNA testing.").9 We
have no basis for disregarding that limitation here. We are,
of course, bound by the TCCA's interpretation of Texas law,
and no question regarding the constitutionality of this fea-
ture of Texas law is now before us.10
9
A similar limitation applies in federal habeas proceedings. See Cullen
v. Pinholster, (2011) (holding that habeas review of a
state-court conviction pursuant to 28 U. S. C. (1) "is limited to
the record that was before the state court that adjudicated the claim on
the merits").
10
This is so for three reasons. First, if Gutierrez wanted to challenge
those parts of the District Court's judgment, he needed to fle a cross-
appeal, but he did not do so. See, e. g., Northwest Airlines, Inc. v. County
of Kent, (1994) (collecting cases). Second, the constitu-
tionality of this provision is not within the question on which we granted
 Cite as: (2025) 355

Alito, J., dissenting

Not only does the majority's redressability analysis take
into account evidence that this binding state-law rule ex-
cludes, but the majority seems to think it is relevant that
"Gutierrez has long maintained that the police coerced him
into confessing that he was in Harrison's home on the night
of the murder." Ante, at 310.
The majority does not see ft to mention that the state
courts have defnitively rejected Gutierrez's argument that
the confession was coerced, that Texas law would almost cer-
tainly bar him from raising the same claim again in a post-
conviction proceeding,11 and that the federal habeas statute
would likewise bar consideration of the claim.12

* * *
This decision's only practical effect will be to aid and abet
Gutierrez's efforts to run out the clock on the execution of

Page Proof
certiorari. And
parties.
third, the Pending Publication
question was not briefed or argued by the

11
See Tex. Code Crim. Proc. Ann., Art. 11.071, (1) -- (a)(3) (Vernon
Cum. Supp. 2024) (providing that a defendant can only fle a second habeas
petition challenging his death sentence if "the current claims and issues
have not been and could not have been presented previously," no rational
juror would have found the defendant guilty but for a constitutional viola-
tion, or no rational juror would have answered one or more of the special
issues in the State's favor but for a constitutional violation); Ex parte
Blue, 230 S. W. 3d 151, 161 (Tex. Crim. App. 2007) (noting that a state
habeas applicant can only succeed on his claim under Art. 11.071, (3),
in the "rare" case when "constitutional error... so permeated the State's
evidence relevant to one of the special issues upon which it carries the
burden of proof that, absent the error, it is practically inconceivable that
any rational juror would actually answer the special issues in a way that
mandates the death penalty" ).
12
Because a claim regarding the admissibility of Gutierrez's confession
would constitute an attack on his conviction, it cannot be raised in a suit
under. See Heck v. Humphrey, -- 487 (1994). And
any attempt to raise the issue in a federal habeas petition would almost
certainly fail. See 28 U. S. C. (2), 2254(d).
356 GUTIERREZ v. SAENZ

Alito, J., dissenting

his sentence. And if the decision is taken seriously as a
precedent on Article III standing, it will do serious damage.
I therefore dissent.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR delivered the opinion of the Court.
Congress has created a comprehensive scheme to address
when and how state and federal prisoners can seek postcon-
viction relief in federal courts. A state prisoner can file an
application for a writ of habeas corpus under 28 U. S. C.. A federal prisoner, by contrast, can file a motion to
vacate, set aside, or correct a sentence under. Each
provision contains its own procedural and substantive re-
quirements that an individual must satisfy.
This case concerns the more complicated situation when
a prisoner returns to federal court after a prior attempt for
relief has failed. In this situation, Congress has enlisted
the courts of appeals to play a gatekeeping role in the con-
sideration of second or successive filings brought by federal
and state prisoners. Under this system, before a prisoner
can bring such a filing in a district court, a court of appeals
must certify that the filing meets certain threshold condi-
tions. Section 2244 governs authorization requests made
by state prisoners, and, in turn, governs requests
made by federal prisoners. The two have distinct require-
ments, but through a limited cross-reference in to
for how a filing is "certified" by a "panel," Congress
2 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

has borrowed certain of the procedures that apply to state
prisoners and applies them to federal prisoners too.
This case presents two questions regarding which aspects
of fall within the scope of 's cross-reference.
The first is whether (3)(E), which prohibits the "de-
nial of an authorization by a court of appeals to file a second
or successive application" from being the "subject of a peti-
tion for... a writ of certiorari," bars this Court's review of
authorization decisions concerning the motions of federal
prisoners. If it does, this Court would lack jurisdiction to
hear this case. The Court holds that it does not. In the
narrow cross-reference to the procedures in, Con-
gress has not clearly indicated that it intended to incorpo-
rate (3)(E)'s certiorari bar.
The second question is whether (1), which directs
courts to dismiss a claim "presented in a second or succes-
sive habeas corpus application under section 2254 that was
presented in a prior application," applies to motions filed by
federal prisoners. It does not: Section 2244(b)(1), by its ex-
press terms, applies only to state prisoners' habeas applica-
tions under, not to federal prisoners' motions under.
I
Petitioner Michael S. Bowe is in federal custody. In 2008,
he pleaded guilty to three offenses: (1) conspiracy to commit
Hobbs Act robbery, 18 U. S. C. ; (2) attempt to com-
mit Hobbs Act robbery, ibid.; and (3) the use, carrying,
brandishing, or discharge of a firearm in relation to a crime
of violence, (1)(A). Bowe received a 24-year sen-
tence; 10 of those years were imposed because of the 
conviction, which carried a mandatory 10-year sentence
consecutive to the sentence for the predicate robbery of-
fenses. See (1)(D)(ii). Bowe did not appeal.
In the decade since, this Court has issued several deci-
sions that have called Bowe's conviction into
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

question. To appreciate the implications of those decisions,
it is important first to understand how operates.
Section 924(c) applies if, as relevant here, an individual
commits a qualifying "crime of violence" with a firearm. A
"crime of violence," in turn, is defined in two ways. Under
the "elements clause," it is a "felony" that "has as an ele-
ment the use, attempted use, or threatened use of physical
force against the person or property of another."
(3)(A). Under the "residual clause," it is a felony
"that by its nature, involves a substantial risk that physical
force against the person or property of another may be used
in the course of committing the offense." (3)(B). For
Bowe to have been properly convicted under -- and
thus to have received the accompanying 10-year consecu-
tive sentence -- his conviction for either conspiracy or at-
tempt to commit Hobbs Act robbery must qualify as a crime
of violence under either the elements or residual clause.
Today, it is likely that neither clause would permissibly
support Bowe's conviction. In United States v. Da-
vis, (2019), this Court held that the residual
clause is unconstitutionally vague. Id., at 470. In United
States v. Taylor, (2022), the Court held that
attempted Hobbs Act robbery does not qualify as a crime of
violence under the elements clause. Id., at 860. Eleventh
Circuit precedent is also clear that conspiracy to commit
Hobbs Act robbery does not satisfy the elements clause. See
Brown v. United States, 942 F. 3d 1069, 1075 (2019) (per cu-
riam). If sentenced today, therefore, Bowe likely would not
be subject to the 10-year mandatory consecutive sentence
that he is now serving.
Nevertheless, the timing of this Court's decisions, cou-
pled with the timing of Bowe's efforts to take advantage of
them, have produced procedural complications that have so
far prevented relief, leading to this appeal.
Bowe, acting pro se, initially sought postconviction relief
under in 2016, before the Court decided Davis,
4 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

arguing that the residual clause is unconstitutionally
vague. A District Court rejected Bowe's claim, in part, be-
cause regardless of the residual clause's constitutionality,
attempted Hobbs Act robbery qualified as a crime of vio-
lence under 's elements clause. App. 43.
After Davis was decided in 2019, Bowe sought permission
from the Eleventh Circuit to file a second or successive mo-
tion. See. A three-judge panel declined to author-
ize Bowe's motion. Although the panel acknowledged that
Davis had announced a new, retroactive rule of constitu-
tional law, which is one of two grounds on which a second
or successive motion can proceed, see (2), it held
that Bowe could not "make a prima facie showing that his
conviction and sentence [were] unconstitutional"
because under then-prevailing Eleventh Circuit precedent,
"attempted Hobbs Act robbery" still qualified as a crime of
violence under the elements clause, App. 52 -- 54.
Then, after Taylor was decided in 2022, Bowe once again
sought permission from the Eleventh Circuit to file a second
or successive motion. This time, Bowe argued that under
Davis and Taylor, none of his convictions qualified as a
predicate "crime of violence." A three-judge panel dis-
missed the part of Bowe's request that rested on Davis, rea-
soning that because the claim was "presented in a prior ap-
plication" to file a second or successive motion, the panel
lacked jurisdiction over it under (1). App. 59 -- 60.
The panel also denied the part of Bowe's request that rested
on Taylor, concluding that Taylor did not announce a new
constitutional rule as needed to secure relief under
(2). App. 59 -- 60.
Bowe did not stop there. A few months later, he again
sought authorization to file a second or successive motion,
again relying on Davis and Taylor. This time, Bowe also
moved for initial hearing en banc. As relevant, he asked
the Eleventh Circuit to overturn its precedent holding that
(1)'s old-claim bar applies to federal prisoners'
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

successive motions. In Bowe's view, that bar applies
only to state prisoners, not federal prisoners like him. A
three-judge panel dismissed Bowe's request for authoriza-
tion, citing (1), and the Eleventh Circuit denied
Bowe's motion for initial hearing en banc.
Bowe then moved for an original writ of habeas corpus in
this Court. It was denied. In re Bowe, 601 U. S. ___ (2024).
Bowe returned to the Eleventh Circuit, seeking authoriza-
tion, initial hearing en banc, and certification of the ques-
tion whether (1) applies to federal prisoners. See
(allowing courts of appeals to certify questions of
law to the Supreme Court). As before, a three-judge panel
dismissed Bowe's request for authorization, relying on
(1). The panel also declined to certify the question
Bowe requested, and the full Eleventh Circuit denied his
motion for initial hearing en banc.
Finally, Bowe filed a petition for a writ of certiorari. The
Eleventh Circuit is one of six Circuits that apply
(1)'s old-claim bar to federal prisoners. Three Cir-
cuits do not.1 The Court granted certiorari to resolve the
issue. See (2025).
II
As a threshold matter, the Government argues that the
Court cannot resolve the Circuit split concerning
(1)'s old-claim bar because the Court lacks jurisdic-
tion to hear the case under (3)(E). That provision
states that the "denial of an authorization by a court of ap-
peals to file a second or successive application... shall not
be the subject of a petition for... a writ of certiorari." See
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Compare Winarske v. United States, 913 F. 3d 765 (CA8 2019); In re

Bourgeois, 902 F. 3d 446 (CA5 2018); In re Baptiste, 828 F. 3d 1337 (CA11
2016); United States v. Winkelman, 746 F. 3d 134 (CA3 2014); Gallagher
v. United States, 711 F. 3d 315 (CA2 2013) (per curiam); and Brannigan
v. United States, 249 F. 3d 584 (CA7 2001), with In re Graham, 61 F. 4th
433 (CA4 2023); Jones v. United States, 36 F. 4th 974 (CA9 2022); and
Williams v. United States, 927 F. 3d 427 (CA6 2019).
6 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Hawaii v. Office of Hawaiian Affairs, 
(2009) ("Before turning to the merits, we first must address
our jurisdiction"). If Bowe were in state custody, then the
Government would be correct. See Stewart v. Martinez-Vil-
lareal, (1998). He is not. Section
2244(b)(3)(E) does not prevent the Court's review because
the certiorari bar does not clearly apply to motions filed by
federal prisoners like Bowe.
A
In the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of
1996 (AEDPA), "Congress established a 'gatekeeping'
mechanism for the consideration of 'second or successive' "
filings "in the federal courts." Id., at 641 ). The associated proce-
dural and substantive requirements are "stringent." Bur-
ton v. Stewart, (2007) (per curiam).
State prisoners looking to file a second or successive ap-
plication must comply with, which provides in rel-
evant part:
"(3)(A) Before a second or successive application per-
mitted by this section is filed in the district court, the
applicant shall move in the appropriate court of ap-
peals for an order authorizing the district court to con-
sider the application.
"(B) A motion in the court of appeals for an order au-
thorizing the district court to consider a second or suc-
cessive application shall be determined by a three-
judge panel of the court of appeals.
"(C) The court of appeals may authorize the filing of
a second or successive application only if it determines
that the application makes a prima facie showing that
the application satisfies the requirements of this sub-
section.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

"(D) The court of appeals shall grant or deny the au-
thorization to file a second or successive application not
later than 30 days after the filing of the motion.
"(E) The grant or denial of an authorization by a
court of appeals to file a second or successive applica-
tion shall not be appealable and shall not be the subject
of a petition for rehearing or for a writ of certiorari.
"(4) A district court shall dismiss any claim pre-
sented in a second or successive application that the
court of appeals has authorized to be filed unless the
applicant shows that the claim satisfies the require-
ments of this section."
By comparison, a federal prisoner seeking to file a second
or successive motion must satisfy. Jones v. Hen-
drix, -- 478 (2023). That provision states
in full:
"A second or successive motion must be certified as
provided in section 2244 by a panel of the appropriate
court of appeals to contain -- 
"(1) newly discovered evidence that, if proven and
viewed in light of the evidence as a whole, would be suf-
ficient to establish by clear and convincing evidence
that no reasonable factfinder would have found the mo-
vant guilty of the offense; or
"(2) a new rule of constitutional law, made retroactive
to cases on collateral review by the Supreme Court,
that was previously unavailable."
Unlike the provisions governing authorization decisions
for state prisoners, does not mention this Court's
certiorari jurisdiction, let alone purport to limit it. Nor does
(3)(E) readily apply to federal prisoners on its face:
Section 2244, overall, imposes several strict requirements
that apply only to state prisoners with the aim of
8 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

facilitating finality,2 and the certiorari bar in particular
speaks to "second or successive applications," which federal
prisoners do not file, see (federal prisoners must
file "motions" for habeas relief, not applications). Whether
the Court has jurisdiction therefore turns on the scope of
's cross-reference to.
In the Government's view, the cross-reference captures
all of (3) and (b)(4), including the certiorari bar in
(3)(E). Although the Government is correct that
the cross-reference incorporates some of the provisions it
identifies, the Government is wrong that it also incorpo-
rates the certiorari bar. That is because the cross-
reference, coupled with its context, does not provide the
clear indication needed to strip this Court of jurisdiction.
B
1
This Court has certiorari jurisdiction over any "[c]as[e] in
the courts of appeals... upon the petition of any party to
any civil or criminal case, before or after rendition of judg-
ment or decree.". Given that broad grant of juris-
diction, Congress must speak clearly if it seeks to impose
exceptions to that jurisdiction.
In Castro v. United States, (2003), Castro
(a federal prisoner) filed a motion for postconviction relief
in Federal District Court. He had previously filed a motion,
pro se, attacking his conviction, but he had not specifically
labeled it as a motion. The District Court construed
Castro's previous filing as his first motion and the
second filing before it as a second motion. Because
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 See, e.g., 28 U. S. C. (1) ("[a] claim presented in a second or

successive habeas corpus application under section 2254"); (2)
(same); ("[i]n a habeas corpus proceeding brought in behalf of a
person in custody pursuant to the judgment of a State court");
(1) ("application for a writ of habeas corpus by a person in cus-
tody pursuant to the judgment of a State court"); see also (2)
("application for State post-conviction or other collateral review").
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

Castro did not receive authorization from the Court of Ap-
peals before filing the second motion, the court dismissed it.
The court, however, granted Castro a certificate of appeal-
ability as to its determination that the motion was his sec-
ond one. See. The Court of Appeals later affirmed
the dismissal.
This Court granted certiorari to address the recharacter-
ization of Castro's first filing. The Court also asked the par-
ties whether (3)(E) barred its review. Like here,
the Government argued that it did. In the Government's
view, the Court of Appeals had denied Castro authorization
when it affirmed the District Court's dismissal, making
that "denial" the "subject" of his "petition for... certiorari"
for the purposes of (3)(E). The Court accepted that
characterization of the proceedings below for the sake of ar-
gument, yet disagreed that (3)(E) posed a bar to its
review. Castro, 540 U. S., at 380. That was because the
"subject" of Castro's petition was not the denial of authori-
zation, but rather "the lower courts' refusal to recognize
that [the] motion [was] his first, not his second."
Ibid.3
As relevant here, the Court stressed a fatal flaw with the
Government's argument. As it explained, "reading the stat-
ute as the Government suggest[ed]" to bar jurisdiction in
that case "would close our doors to a class of habeas peti-
tioners seeking review without any clear indication that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The Government stresses, and the dissent echoes, that the Castro

Court "took as a given" that (3)(E) applies to federal prisoners
by concluding that it had jurisdiction because the subject of the certiorari
petition fell outside of the provision's scope, not because the provision
applied to state prisoners alone. Brief for United States 18, 30 -- 31. As
the Government elsewhere acknowledges, however, the Court did not ad-
dress the threshold question whether (3)(E) applies to federal
prisoners. Id., at 31 (observing that Castro "did not even comment on
the issue"). Thus, at most, the Court assumed for the sake of its analysis
that (3)(E) applied. That assumption is not a holding to which
the Court is now bound.
10 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

such was Congress' intent." Id., at 381; cf. Hertz Corp. v.
Friend, -- 84 (2010) (declining to read "si-
lence or ambiguous language as modifying or limiting [the
Court's] pre-existing [certiorari] jurisdiction"). That conclu-
sion was also "difficult to reconcile with the basic principle
that 'we read limitations on our jurisdiction to review nar-
rowly.' " Castro, 540 U. S., at 381 ).4
Because a "clear indication" was necessary in Castro to
strip the Court of jurisdiction, a "clear indication" is re-
quired here: The issue arises in the same context and the
Government argues that the very same provision bars the
Court's review in this case. This clear indication, im-
portantly, is not a so-called "magic words" requirement. It
simply asks whether the text and structure support the un-
ambiguous understanding that Congress intended to pre-
vent this Court's exercise of its certiorari jurisdiction. If a
provision can reasonably be read multiple ways given its
content and context, it is not sufficiently clear.
The dissent contends that this clear-indication require-
ment comes from "thin air." Post, at 11 -- 16 (opinion of
GORSUCH, J.). As just explained, however, it comes from
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The dissent's rendition of Castro is mistaken. It suggests that the

clear-indication requirement was tied to the "troublesome resul[t]" that,
under the Government's interpretation, a prisoner could not appeal a
panel decision characterizing a filing as his first, not his second, even
though the Court had previously allowed the Government to appeal a
decision reaching the opposite result. See Castro, 540 U. S., at 380; Stew-
art v. Martinez-Villareal, -- 642 (1998); see also post, at
6 -- 7, 14 -- 15 (opinion of GORSUCH, J.). That was one troubling result of the
Government's position, but Castro also listed two more troubling results:
the "clos[ing of] our doors to a class of habeas petitioners seeking review
without any clear indication that such was Congress' intent," and the
difficulty in "reconcil[ing]" that outcome "with the basic principle that we
'read limitations on our jurisdiction to review narrowly.' " 540 U. S., at
380 -- 381. The latter two concerns arise here, and thus Castro requires a
clear indication before we will "close our doors" to this distinct class of
prisoners seeking habeas relief.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

Castro itself. It also draws support from this Court's histor-
ical practice of declining to read ambiguous statutes to limit
its certiorari jurisdiction, which even the dissent acknowl-
edges. See post, at 15 -- 16.
The dissent also argues that this clear-indication require-
ment must be mistaken because it is not derived from prin-
ciples of constitutional avoidance. Constitutional avoid-
ance, however, is not the only possible source of a rule like
Castro's. This Court also has required Congress to speak
clearly in other contexts when Congress wishes to do some-
thing that the Constitution allows. For example, the Court
will interpret a "procedural requirement as jurisdictional
only if Congress 'clearly states' that it is." Boechler v. Com-
missioner, (2022). In that context, "Con-
gress need not 'incant magic words,' but the 'traditional
tools of statutory construction must plainly show that Con-
gress imbued a procedural bar with jurisdictional conse-
quences.' " Ibid. (citation omitted). Requiring this showing
is driven by the harsh consequences of finding a procedural
requirement jurisdictional, even though Congress, of
course, maintains the power to impose such consequences.
See Arbaugh v. Y & H Corp., -- 516 (2006);
Henderson v. Shinseki, -- 435 (2011). A
similar logic drives the clarity required here, when reading
as the Government and the dissent do would "close
our doors to a class of habeas petitioners." Castro, 540
U. S., at 381.5

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 No one contends that Boechler controls this case. But see post, at 13 -- 

14. The Boechler line of cases simply demonstrates that this Court re-
quires clarity in some contexts even absent constitutional concerns, un-
dermining any suggestion that constitutional avoidance is the only per-
missible source of Castro's rule or other interpretative rules like it. Nor
does this line of cases stand alone. See, e.g., Morrison v. National Aus-
tralia Bank Ltd., (2010) (describing the presumption
against extraterritoriality, which requires a "clear indication of an extra-
territorial application" for a statute to reach beyond domestic affairs, as
12 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

2
Section 2255(h)'s cross-reference does not provide the
clear indication required to bar this Court's review. The
language of the cross-reference is both narrow and specific.
It says that a second or successive motion "must be
certified as provided in section 2244 by a panel of the ap-
propriate court of appeals to contain" one of two threshold
content requirements. (The text of the cross-reference does
not end at " 'certified as provided in section 2244,' " as the
dissent would have it. See post, at 5, 8, 10 -- 11.) The cross-
reference thus appears to incorporate only the provisions in
that "provid[e]" for how a "panel of the appropriate
court of appeals" "certifie[s]" a second or successive filing
and directs that those procedures be used to evaluate
whether the filing "contain[s]" the content requirements
listed in. Section 2244(b)(3)(E) is not one of those
provisions, and it has nothing to do with the content re-
quirements in.
First, the cross-reference speaks to how a "panel" of the
court of appeals certifies a filing. But this Court is not "a
panel of the appropriate court of appeals,", so the
cross-reference does not speak to this Court's jurisdiction.
Second, this Court's review (or lack thereof ) is not part of
how a panel certifies a second or successive filing. Section
2244(b)(3)(A) identifies that the filing must be certified in
the court of appeals before an individual can proceed in the
district court. Section 2244(b)(3)(B) requires that a three-
judge panel make the certification decision. Section
2244(b)(3)(C) tells the panel that the filing must make a
prima facie showing that it satisfies the relevant gatekeep-
ing requirements. Finally, (3)(D) instructs the
panel to decide whether to certify a filing within 30 days of
receiving the request. These provisions all describe the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
reflecting "a canon of construction,... rather than a limit upon Con-
gress's power to legislate").
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

procedures that a panel must follow in certifying a second
or successive filing, and are therefore incorporated by
's cross-reference.
In stark contrast, the certiorari bar in (3)(E) says
nothing about how the motion must be certified. It
instead speaks to what happens after a panel has acted on
a certification request: specifically, whether an individual
can appeal the panel's certification decision. If the certio-
rari bar did not exist, no aspect of how the panel certifies a
filing would change.6 Put simply, "the certiorari bar ad-
dresses an entirely different act (filing a certiorari petition,
not certifying a successive motion) by an entirely different
actor (the prisoner, not the panel) in an entirely different
court (this Court, not the court of appeals)." Brief for Peti-
tioner 33. If Congress intended to incorporate this
postcertification orange alongside all the panel-certification
apples in (3), it did not say so clearly.
Of course, as the Government and the dissent point out,
barring appeals of certification decisions has an effect on
the panel's decision by making it conclusive. Brief for
United States 47; post, at 9 -- 10. That effect, however, has
little to do with how the "motion [is] certified... by a
panel.". Section 2255(h)'s reference to how the
"motion must be certified" under thus does not incor-
porate (3)(E)'s postcertification bar in the clear
manner that Castro requires.
Contrary to the dissent's framing, Hohn v. United States,
(1998), does not support a different conclu-
sion. That case concerned whether the Court had jurisdic-
tion over a decision by a three-judge panel to deny a pris-
oner a certificate of appealability under, and held
that the Court does have such jurisdiction. Id., at 253.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The dissent asks "[w]hat would be the point" of subparagraph (B)

without the certiorari bar in subparagraph (E). Post, at 9. The point of
(B) is still apparent. It identifies who makes the authorization determi-
nation in the first instance: a "three-judge panel of the court of appeals."
14 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Section 2253(c) applies to federal and state prisoners and
dictates that, before an individual can appeal from a district
court's denial of a habeas petition, he must secure permis-
sion from "a circuit justice or judge."
Court-appointed amicus in Hohn argued that the decision
denying permission was not a "case" in the Court of Appeals
for the purposes of this Court's jurisdiction under.
The Court rejected that construction, however, in part be-
cause it would have rendered (3)(E) (which the
Court suggested was a requirement for "state prisoners fil-
ing second or successive habeas applications under ")
as superfluous. See 524 U. S., at 249. That was because all
the reasons amicus gave for why a decision denying a cer-
tificate of appealability did not constitute a "case" for the
purposes of would equally have applied to a deci-
sion denying authorization to bring a second or successive
filing. Ibid. The Court nowhere held that (3)(E)
applied to federal prisoners. (That is not surprising because
the case did not present that question.) Nor does the
Court's holding today render (3)(E) superfluous: As
all agree, it bars this Court's review of panel authorization
decisions concerning motions to file second or successive ap-
plications by state prisoners.
The dissent also relies on Hohn to argue that it already
stands for the proposition that (3)(E) imposes "a
'clear limit' on our jurisdiction" in this case. Post, at 7, 11 -- 
12; see also post, at 15. Not so. No one disputes that the
certiorari bar clearly deprives the Court of jurisdiction over
classes of cases to which it applies. See Hohn, 524 U. S., at
250. What is not clear is whether, through the cross-refer-
ence in, Congress intended for that bar to extend
to federal prisoners -- a point Hohn simply did not address.
B
For these reasons, whether (3)(E)'s certiorari bar
falls within the scope of 's cross-reference is at
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

most ambiguous. Ambiguous language, however, cannot
provide the required clear indication, and the Government's
and the dissent's remaining arguments do not supply the
necessary clarity that the text lacks.
To begin, the Government contends that there is textual
support in (3)(E) for the understanding that the
certiorari bar applies to federal prisoners through the cross-
reference. On this score, the Government points to how
(3)(A) -- (E) each use the term "second or successive
application" instead of referring to specifically or
state prisoners more generally. This stands in contrast to
nearly all the other provisions in. In the Govern-
ment's view, this textual variation means that Congress in-
tended for 's cross-reference to incorporate any pro-
vision in that uses the term "second or successive
application" and the breadth of the cross-reference there-
fore must be understood on those terms.
If that were so, 's cross-reference would also in-
corporate (4). That provision directs district courts
to review and "dismiss any claim presented in a second or
successive application that the court of appeals has author-
ized... unless the applicant shows that the claim satisfies
the requirements of ". Put differently, once a second
or successive application is certified, (4) tells a dis-
trict court to doublecheck that the application satisfies, including its gatekeeping requirements. Section
2244(b)(4), however, plainly falls outside the scope of
's cross-reference because (4) has nothing
to do with how a filing is "certified as provided in section
2244 by a panel of the appropriate court of appeals.". Thus, accepting the Government's argument that
's cross-reference should be understood to incorpo-
rate any provision in that uses "second or successive
application" would essentially require interpreting
to mean a federal prisoner's second or successive
motion "must conform to all provisions in section 2244 that
16 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

are not expressly limited to state prisoners." That, of
course, is not what says.
The Government also points to part of (3)(E) that
does speak to a "panel" of "a court of appeals." Specifically,
(3)(E) says that an authorization decision "shall
not be the subject of a petition for rehearing," thereby bar-
ring panel rehearing. According to the Government, be-
cause (3)(E) speaks to the panel in some regard,
must have intended to incorporate that provision
in its entirety. The Government is wrong, however, that
the certiorari bar is incorporated in this way. Whether
(3)(E)'s panel-rehearing bar applies to federal pris-
oners says little, and certainly nothing clear, about whether
Congress intended (3)(E)'s separate certiorari bar
to extend to authorization decisions concerning federal pris-
oners. Using the former to incorporate the latter is the kind
of jurisdiction stripping by implication that cannot suffice.
Cf. Felker, 518 U. S., at 660 ("Repeals [of jurisdiction] by
implication are not favored").
Next, the Government and the dissent argue that allow-
ing appeals from a panel's certification decision to this
Court is inconsistent with (3)(D). Post, at 20; Brief
for United States 27 -- 28. That provision, which all agree is
covered by 's cross-reference, imposes a 30-day
clock on a panel's certification decision after a litigant seeks
authorization (though most Courts of Appeals view that re-
quirement as advisory, see In re Williams, 898 F. 3d 1098,
1102, (CA11 2018) (Wilson, J., specially concurring)
(collecting cases); see also infra, at 23 -- 24, and ). When
an individual seeks certiorari, on the other hand, he has 90
days from the date of decision to file a petition in this Court.
This Court's Rule 13.1. The Government suggests that the
30-day limit for panel review indicates that Congress
wanted the certification decision to occur quickly, and that
allowing prisoners to seek certiorari for an additional 90
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

Opinion of the Court

days after the panel review concludes would thwart that in-
tention.
The Government's argument is misguided. Nothing
about the Court's decision today undermines
(3)(D)'s timeline for the panel's authorization deci-
sion. Nor is this inference so compelling as to provide the
needed clarity to cut off the Court's jurisdiction: It is en-
tirely plausible that Congress intended to require panels to
move quickly, while still preserving the prisoner's ability to
seek further review in the rare case that warrants this
Court's attention. See (placing time limits on the in-
itial review of capital cases in the lower courts but placing
no limits on this Court's review). Panels will still have the
tools needed, moreover, to facilitate that quick review un-
der the Court's interpretation of 's cross-reference.
See infra, at 23 -- 24, and.7
From here, the Government resorts to another structural
argument. The certiorari bar is found in (3)'s fifth
subparagraph. Everyone agrees that 's cross-
reference incorporates the preceding four subparagraphs.
The Government maintains that it would be odd that Con-
gress intended to incorporate four of those subparagraphs
and not all five. Brief for United States 17, 23. If Congress
had intended for all five to travel together, however, it did
not say so explicitly. That would have been easy to do: Con-
gress simply could have referenced (3) specifically,
rather than broadly referencing with a narrow cross-
reference only specifying how a second or successive filing
is "certified" by a "panel." Congress did not. The language
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 Nor does the Court's decision today risk unduly opening the flood-

gates to frivolous appeals from authorization decisions concerning fed-
eral prisoners. Such appeals will be governed by the ordinary rules that
prevent abuses of the Court's certiorari docket in every other circum-
stance. See, e.g., this Court's Rules 39.8, 42.2. If Congress thought it
best to strip the Court of jurisdiction to keep these appeals away from
the Court's docket nonetheless, it failed to convey that intent sufficiently.
18 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

it used instead supports the understanding that the provi-
sions the cross-reference incorporates turn on their sub-
stance, not where they sit in a list. As explained, supra, at
12 -- 14, the certiorari bar does not clearly fall within the
scope of the cross-reference on its own terms.
Finally, the Government invokes a practical concern.
The Government suggests that it would make little sense to
bar certiorari review of authorization decisions concerning
state prisoners but not federal ones. That argument carries
little weight when the governing standard requires Con-
gress to speak clearly. It also misses the mark. Congress
treated state and federal prisoners differently across
AEDPA, with state prisoners often facing far higher hur-
dles to relief. To name a few examples: The statutory re-
quirements for second or successive filings for federal and
state prisoners are "not identical." Gonzalez v. Crosby, (2005); compare (1) -- (2) with
(1) -- (2). Indeed, the requirements for federal pris-
oners are more lenient, as explained in detail below. See
infra, at 21 -- 22. Further, for state prisoners alone, Con-
gress requires exhaustion, -- (c), and then, once in
federal court, mandates deference to both the state court's
application of federal law and its factual determinations,.
This differential treatment exists for good reason. Con-
gress enacted AEDPA "to further the principles of comity,
finality, and federalism." Williams v. Taylor, (2000). The Act "recognizes a foundational principle of
our federal system: State courts are adequate forums for
the vindication of federal rights." Burt v. Titlow, (2013). Out of respect for state courts and their abil-
ity "to adjudicate claims of constitutional wrong, AEDPA
erect[ed] a formidable barrier to federal habeas relief for
[state] prisoners." Ibid. Federal courts "will not lightly con-
clude that a State's criminal justice system has experienced
the 'extreme malfunctio[n]' for which federal habeas relief
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

Opinion of the Court

is the remedy." Id., at 20; see also Greene v. Fisher, (2011) (observing that "the purpose of AEDPA
is to ensure that federal habeas" review of state-court pro-
ceedings does not function as a "means of error correction").
Comity and federalism, however, fall away when a fed-
eral court reviews a federal judgment. By the time a federal
prisoner looks to file a second or successive motion, moreo-
ver, he will have had fewer bites at the apple, and fewer
courts reviewing his case, than most state prisoners in the
same position. See (1)(A); In re Graham, 61 F. 4th
433, 441 (CA4 2023). Although the Federal Government
has an interest in finality too, Mayle v. Felix, (2005), " '[n]o legislation pursues its purposes at all
costs,' " Mohamad v. Palestinian Authority, (2012). Allowing further review in this Court is thus
consistent with both AEDPA's purposes and practical con-
siderations.
At bottom, the Government's arguments suggest that
's cross-reference might include (3)(E)'s
certiorari bar. They do not, however, provide the necessary
"clear indication" that Congress intended to "close our doors
to a class of habeas petitioners seeking review." Castro, 540
U. S., at 381. Absent such clear indication, federal prison-
ers are not prohibited from seeking certiorari from a panel's
denial of authorization to file a second or successive motion.
III
Turning now to the merits upon which the Court granted
certiorari, Bowe and the Government agree that the Elev-
enth Circuit erred by applying (1) to Bowe's re-
quest for authorization to file a second or successive motion
to vacate under. The Court appointed Kasdin M.
Mitchell as amicus curiae to argue in support of the Elev-
enth Circuit's position. 604 U. S. ___ (2025). She has ably
discharged her responsibilities. The Court nevertheless
agrees with the parties and holds that (1) does not
20 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

apply to motions filed by federal prisoners under.
The contrary decision of the Eleventh Circuit is reversed.
A
Begin with the text. Section 2244(b)(1) states that "[a]
claim presented in a second or successive habeas corpus ap-
plication under section 2254 that was presented in a prior
application shall be dismissed." State prisoners alone file
habeas corpus applications under. See (not-
ing that is limited to "a person in custody pursuant
to the judgment of a State court"); see also Magwood v. Pat-
terson, (2010) ("The requirement of cus-
tody pursuant to a state court-judgment distinguishes 
from other statutory provisions authorizing relief from con-
stitutional violations -- such as, which allows chal-
lenges to the judgments of federal courts").
This specific reference to was deliberate: Else-
where in this very section, acknowledges. See
(referencing ); see also (1)(A) -- (B)
(distinguishing a "final order" in a "habeas corpus proceed-
ing in which the detention complained of arises out of pro-
cess issued by a State court" from one "in a proceeding un-
der section 2255"); (distinguishing an "application
under section 2254" from a "motion under section 2255"). A
cardinal rule of statutory interpretation teaches that "when
we're engaged in the business of interpreting statutes[,] we
presume differences in language like this convey differ-
ences in meaning." Henson v. Santander Consumer USA
Inc., (2017). Thus, by its plain terms,
(1)'s old-claim bar applies only to state prisoners.
Nor does 's cross-reference to otherwise
make (1) applicable to second or successive motions
filed by federal prisoners. Amicus, as well as the dissent,
however, argues that it does. As they see it, incor-
porates, including (3)(C). Section
2244(b)(3)(C), in turn, requires a panel to determine that
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 21

Opinion of the Court

"the application makes a prima facie showing that [it] sat-
isfies the requirements of this subsection." From here, one
of the "requirements of... subsection" (b) is (1).
Following this chain of cross-references where it leads, ami-
cus and the dissent say, (1) must apply to federal
prisoners.
The reasoning why this Court has jurisdiction also shows
the error in this position. See supra, at 12 -- 14. Section
2255(h)'s cross-reference incorporates the procedures in
only as they relate to how a panel certifies a second
or successive filing. It then tells the panel to use those pro-
cedures to evaluate whether the federal prisoner's second
or successive motion "contain[s]" either newly discovered
evidence, (1), or a new rule of constitutional law,
(2). Nothing in suggests that it incorpo-
rates for any other purposes. Thus, by its terms,
's cross-reference does not incorporate the content
requirements contained in, like (1)'s old-
claim bar.
Amicus and the dissent's broad reading of (3)(C)
would also put on a collision course with. Sec-
tion 2244(b) imposes two limitations on the content of a sec-
ond or successive habeas application: (1), which
bars old claims; and (2), which prescribes "two
grounds" in which a claim "not previously raised" can pro-
ceed in a "second or successive application." Burton, 549
U. S., at 153. Section 2244(b)(3)(C), on which amicus relies,
requires individuals to satisfy all the "requirements of this
subsection," including both (1) and (b)(2). The up-
shot of amicus's argument would therefore be that 
incorporates not only (1)'s old-claim bar, but also
(2)'s substantive gatekeeping requirements for
new claims. Section 2255(h), however, contains its own
substantive requirements that are irreconcilable with those
in.
22 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

In particular, (1) permits a second or successive
motion if the petitioner identifies "newly discovered
evidence that, if proven and viewed in light of the evidence
as a whole, would be sufficient to establish by clear and con-
vincing evidence that no reasonable factfinder would have
found the movant guilty of the offense." Section
2244(b)(2)(B) also concerns claims based on new facts, but
it is more limited than 's in two ways. First, it con-
fines the new-facts exception to scenarios in which the new
facts "could not have been discovered previously through
the exercise of due diligence." (2)(B)(i). Second, it
requires that the movant show "by clear and convincing ev-
idence that, but for constitutional error, no reasonable fact-
finder would have found the applicant guilty of the under-
lying offense." (2)(B)(ii).
If Congress had incorporated (2)(B)'s more strin-
gent exception into, then (1)'s more leni-
ent exception would become a dead letter. Because " 'Con-
gress presumably does not enact useless laws,' " Garland v.
Cargill, (2024), it makes no sense to read
's cross-reference in this way.
Recognizing the problem with this position, amicus and
the dissent attempt to limit the scope of "requirements of
this subsection" in (3)(C) to capture only those con-
tent requirements in (1) and (b)(2) that do not con-
flict with. In their view, Congress intended for the
substantive gatekeeping requirements in to apply
to federal prisoners by default, unless they deviated from
those requirements in. To amicus, the new-facts
exception illustrates this approach. This argument, how-
ever, is undercut by the fact that in (2)(A) and
(2), Congress repeated verbatim the standard for
when a second or successive filing can proceed based on a
new, retroactive rule of constitutional law. If (2)(A)
already provided the default rule, there would have been no
need for Congress to repeat it in (2), rendering its
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 23

Opinion of the Court

inclusion mere surplusage. Hohn, 524 U. S., at 249 (declin-
ing "to adopt a construction making another statutory pro-
vision superfluous").
At bottom, the best textual reading of both and
is that, when a federal prisoner moves for author-
ization, a panel can authorize the filing if it satisfies one of
the two grounds in, the "two -- and only two -- con-
ditions in which a second or successive motion may
proceed." Jones, 599 U. S., at 477.
B
Amicus's remaining nontextual arguments do not change
this conclusion. She contends that (1) is a neces-
sary tool, indeed "central," for panels to meet
(3)(D)'s 30-day deadline, and that Congress there-
fore must have intended for it to apply in all cases in which
authorization is needed. Brief for Court-Appointed Amicus
Curiae 12, 23 -- 26. That logical leap lacks sufficient founda-
tion.
For one, it is not clear why searching through case files
to see if the litigant has raised a claim before is any easier
than determining whether the litigant has identified new
evidence or a new rule of constitutional law that is retroac-
tive. As the parties explain, it seems just as likely that the
panel's obligation to assess only whether a filing has made
a prima facie showing that it satisfies 's content re-
quirements, and not to undertake a more searching inquiry
on the merits, is what facilitates the 30-day deadline. See
Reply Brief for Petitioner 9 -- 10; Reply Brief for United
States 9; see also Tyler v. Cain, 661, 
(2001). Amicus certainly provides no evidence to suggest
that her hypothesis is the more plausible one.8 Regardless,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 For support, amicus relies on the fact that the three Circuits that do

not apply (1) to federal prisoners do not consider the 30-day
deadline binding, suggesting that the failure to apply (1)'s old-
claim bar is the reason for their failure to comply with the 30-day
24 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

amicus's "speculation as to Congress' intent" in enacting
the old-claim bar and 30-day deadline "cannot replace the
actual text" Congress enacted. Magwood, 561 U. S., at 334.
Amicus further argues that Congress meant for AEDPA
to treat second or successive filings by federal and state
prisoners the same. As already explained, however,
AEDPA is replete with examples of Congress treating state
and federal prisoners differently -- including in the context
of limitations on second or successive filings. Supra, at 18 -- 
19.9
Some courts, including the Eleventh Circuit below, have
relied on this policy justification and others like it in apply-
ing (1) to bar second or successive motions filed by
federal prisoners under. See, e.g., In re Baptiste,
828 F. 3d 1337, 1339 (2016) ("[I]t would be odd indeed if
Congress had intended to allow federal prisoners to refile
precisely the same non-meritorious motions over and over
again while denying that right to state prisoners"). Those
courts erred: "[P]urposive argument simply cannot over-
come the force of the plain text." Mohamad, 566 U. S., at
460. Any concern associated with Congress allowing old-
claim repeat litigation for federal prisoners, moreover, is
overstated: All claims, even the repeat ones, must meet the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
deadline in all cases. Brief for Court-Appointed Amicus Curiae 24 -- 25.
Amicus overlooks, however, that three out of the six Circuits that apply
(1) to federal prisoners also do not treat that deadline as bind-
ing. Compare In re Williams, 898 F. 3d 1098, 1102, (CA11 2018)
(Wilson, J., specially concurring) (noting that the Second, Third, and Sev-
enth Circuits do not treat the 30-day deadline as binding, and that the
Eighth Circuit has not yet "opined on the issue"), with supra, at 5, 
(collecting those Circuits on the side of the Circuit split applying
(1) to federal prisoners).
9 This is not the only way in which Congress has treated old claims filed

by federal and state prisoners differently. Section 2244(c) bars state pris-
oners from raising a claim or challenging facts in the federal postconvic-
tion setting that were adjudicated by this Court on direct review. This
bar does not apply to federal prisoners, even though this Court can also
exercise jurisdiction over appeals on direct review of federal convictions.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 25

Opinion of the Court

"strictly limited" threshold requirements of,
Jones, 599 U. S., at 476, and should they survive that re-
view, they must still conform with the demanding statute
of limitations contained in, Dodd v. United States,
(2005). Very few claims will satisfy ei-
ther, let alone both. Ultimately, there is "no reason to
doubt" that "Congress said what it meant and meant what
it said" in (1) and. Loughrin v. United
States, (2014).10
* * *
For these reasons, (1) does not apply to second or
successive motions filed by federal prisoners challenging
their convictions or sentences under. The Court
leaves it to the Eleventh Circuit to determine in the first
instance whether Bowe should receive authorization to file
a second or successive motion under the correct standard.
The judgment below is vacated, and the case is remanded
for further proceedings consistent with this opinion.

It is so ordered.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
10 Although the common law did not apply traditional res judicata prin-

ciples to habeas petitions, courts developed different equitable doctrines
to address abuses of the writ. See McCleskey v. Zant, -- 
489 (1991). Congress can displace those doctrines, but in the absence of
evidence of that intent, federal courts can continue to use those common-
law tools. Cf. Banister v. Davis, (2020) (concluding
that AEDPA did not displace the historical practice of applying Federal
Rule of Civil Procedure 59(e) in habeas). Section 2244(b) codified a "mod-
ified res judicata rule" for second or successive petitions. Felker v. Tur-
pin, (1996). As the Government argues here, AEDPA
may not have displaced other practices that courts can still use to ad-
dress repetitive filings made by federal prisoners in the absence of
(1). See Brief for United States 48 -- 50.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

JACKSON, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 5438
_________________

MICHAEL BOWE, PETITIONER v. UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
[January 9, 2026]

JUSTICE JACKSON, concurring.
I agree with the Court that, under our precedents, Con-
gress was required to say more if it wanted 28 U. S. C.
(3)(E) to strip our jurisdiction over federal prison-
ers' requests for review of panel-certification decisions. See
ante, at 10. I likewise agree with the Court's conclusion
that (1)'s bar on do-over claims in second or succes-
sive applications applies only to state prisoners. See ante,
at 20 -- 21. I write separately to offer my view of what Con-
gress likely sought to accomplish with (3)(E): insu-
lating a three-judge panel's properly made (even if errone-
ous) gatekeeping determination from further review. The
provision's language, our decision in Castro v. United
States, (2003), and the broader statute's
detailed gatekeeping scheme all support this interpreta-
tion. Because the three-judge panel here did not deny
Bowe's petition pursuant to the statutorily prescribed pro-
cedures, I think it did not make the sort of determination
Congress intended to insulate.
I
Section 2244(b)(3)(E) provides that "[t]he grant or denial
of an authorization by a court of appeals to file a second or
successive application shall not be appealable and shall not
be the subject of a petition for rehearing or for a writ of cer-
tiorari." This provision thus prevents our Court from
2 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

JACKSON, J., concurring

reviewing a certiorari petition whose "subject" is the "grant"
or "denial" of a request for "authorization... to file a second
or successive application." That proscription does not cover
Bowe's petition.
In its decision below, the Court of Appeals did not grant
or deny Bowe authorization to proceed on his successive
claim. Rather, it "dismissed" his proposed claim "for lack of
jurisdiction." In re Bowe, Civ. No. 24 -- 11704 (CA11, June
27, 2024), App. 79. True, "the label attached to an order"
does not erase its "practical effect." Abbott v. Perez, (2018) ;
see also post, at 17, (GORSUCH, J., dissenting). But, in
this case, the distinction between a denial and a dismissal
is practical, not semantic.
As I read (3)(E), a "grant or denial" occurs when
a three-judge panel goes through the screening procedures
Congress has prescribed and applies the appropriate crite-
ria for second or successive claims.1 Here, the three-judge
panel never actually applied the relevant criteria to Bowe's
motion -- that is, the criteria for federal prisoners under
(1) and (h)(2). Instead, the panel reflexively dis-
missed Bowe's authorization request, holding that
(1)'s bar on do-over claims deprived it of jurisdic-
tion, even though (1) applies only to state prison-
ers, for the reasons the Court explains. Ante, at 23.
As a result, a three-judge panel never undertook the re-
quired process for evaluating -- i.e., for granting or deny-
ing -- Bowe's authorization request. Put differently,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Today's dispute encompasses a disagreement about which set of stat-

utory criteria applies to federal prisoners: (1) or. Ac-
cording to JUSTICE GORSUCH, "[e]veryone agrees" that (3)(E)
"precludes us from exercising certiorari jurisdiction to review an appel-
late panel's decision granting or denying certification to state prisoners."
Post, at 3 (dissenting opinion). I agree with that as-
sertion, but, as I will explain, only insofar as it refers to appellate-panel
decisions that actually apply the statutory criteria and specified proce-
dures for granting or denying state prisoners' authorization requests.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

JACKSON, J., concurring

because the panel dismissed Bowe's petition, there was no
"grant or denial" of his "authorization" request that could
be challenged in a petition for certiorari, as (3)(E)
requires.
This reading of (3)(E) finds support in Castro.
That case, like this one, came to us in a distinct posture.
Castro, a federal prisoner, filed a motion in the District
Court to vacate his sentence under. See 540 U. S., at
378. Because Castro did not understand his motion to be
second or successive, he did not first seek authorization
from a three-judge panel in the Court of Appeals. See id.,
at 378 -- 379; see also 28 U. S. C. (3)(A) ("Before a
second or successive application... is filed in the district
court, the applicant shall move in the appropriate court of
appeals for an order authorizing the district court to con-
sider the application"). Taking a different view than Cas-
tro, the District Court "dismissed the motion for failure to
comply with" the statutory restrictions on second or succes-
sive claims. 540 U. S., at 379. On appeal, the Eleventh Cir-
cuit agreed with the District Court's analysis and affirmed
without evaluating Castro's motion on the merits. Castro
subsequently filed a petition for a writ of certiorari, seeking
to challenge the Eleventh Circuit's second or successive de-
termination. But the Government contended that we
lacked jurisdiction under (3)(E). See id., at 379 -- 
380.
We ultimately held that (3)(E) did not bar our re-
view of Castro's petition. In so holding, we emphasized that
Castro had not "asked the Court of Appeals to grant, and it
nowhere denied, any 'authorization... to file a second or
successive application.' " Id., at 380 (3)(E)). Instead, the case came to the Eleventh Cir-
cuit on appeal, after the District Court had already made
its own determination about the viability of Castro's mo-
tion. In that posture, we explained, the Eleventh Circuit
had not made a "statutorily relevant 'denial' of a request"
4 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

JACKSON, J., concurring

for authorization -- even though the court's conclusion "had
the effect of denying 'authorization' " to Castro. Id., at 380.
Against that procedural background, the " 'subject' " of Cas-
tro's certiorari petition was "not the Court of Appeals' 'de-
nial of an authorization,' " so we retained our jurisdiction
despite (3)(E). Ibid.
So too here. To be sure, unlike Castro, Bowe's case has
moved through the initial procedure for second or succes-
sive motions -- that is, Bowe comes to us after first request-
ing authorization from a three-judge panel in the Court of
Appeals. But, just like Castro, the three-judge panel never
made a "statutorily relevant" denial of Bowe's authorization
request. To do so, the panel would have had to go through
the applicable statutory criteria and determine whether
Bowe's successive motion satisfied the conditions of
(1) and (h)(2). Because the panel never made such
a determination, it neither granted nor denied Bowe's au-
thorization request, as required to bar our review under
(3)(E).2

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Because Castro's analysis calls for a "statutorily relevant" denial, 540

U. S., at 380, it lays bare JUSTICE GORSUCH's mistaken contention that
"[a] denial is a denial" for (3)(E) purposes, post, at 17,. Read-
ing the statute as I do also resolves the purported tension in the Court's
opinion that JUSTICE GORSUCH elsewhere identifies: Why would the
Court "take the trouble to show" that Castro, a federal prisoner, "wasn't
pursuing a second or successive attack subject to subparagraph (E)" if
that provision had "no bearing whatsoever on federal prisoners in the
first place?" Post, at 7. The answer, of course, is that the Court had no
need to resolve subparagraph (E)'s application to all federal prisoners
when the provision so clearly did not apply to Castro. In other words,
the Court left open the question whether subparagraph (E) prevented
our review of a certiorari petition whose " 'subject' " actually is a "statu-
torily relevant 'denial' of a request" for authorization to file a successive
claim under 28 U. S. C.. 540 U. S., at 380. I agree with today's
conclusion that subparagraph (E) does not prevent our review under
those circumstances. This separate writing observes only that Castro's
logic likewise authorizes our review of Bowe's petition.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

JACKSON, J., concurring

II
One might reasonably question why Congress would have
crafted (3)(E) to achieve such a technical distinc-
tion: barring further review of denials on the merits while
permitting further review of the panel's use of the wrong
criteria or procedures. As JUSTICE GORSUCH points out, the
effect is the same; either way, the prisoner may not file his
second or successive motion. Post, at 17,. But in my
view, the distinction is not a technical (or meaningless) one.
Instead, it fits neatly within, and advances, the gatekeep-
ing scheme Congress established.
For evidence, look no further than (3)'s other
subparagraphs, which set forth a multipart gatekeeping
process for second or successive claims. First, a prisoner
"move[s] in the appropriate court of appeals for an order
authorizing" a second or successive claim. (3)(A).
Second, "a three-judge panel" considers the request for au-
thorization. (3)(B). Third, the panel "determines"
whether the prisoner has made "a prima facie showing" of
satisfying the relevant statutory "requirements."
(3)(C). Fourth, the panel issues its determination
in no more than "30 days." (3)(D).
With (3), Congress plainly erected a specific
screening process for second or successive petitions. And
with subparagraph (E), in particular, Congress afforded
that process finality -- but only if the prescribed procedures
have been properly followed.
By contrast, consider a panel that completely ignores the
statute's specified gatekeeping requirements when making
the authorization determination. Maybe the panel consists
of five judges instead of three. Or maybe the panel auto-
matically and arbitrarily denies all requests for authoriza-
tion, refusing to evaluate whether the prisoner has satisfied
the relevant statutory criteria. It would be exceedingly
strange for us to conclude that Congress meant to insulate
a rogue panel's actions from further review. Indeed, why
6 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

JACKSON, J., concurring

would Congress devise such a detailed gatekeeping scheme
while foreclosing review of its evasion?
At bottom, then, (3)(E) rationally operates as a
finality provision, designed to give a three-judge panel the
last say when the panel properly performs its gatekeeping
function. But when the panel goes through the wrong pro-
cedures (as it did in Castro) or applies the wrong criteria (as
it did here), it has not made the requisite "grant or denial
of an authorization" that (3)(E) insulates from fur-
ther review.
For that reason, in my view, even if Congress had spoken
more clearly about (3)(E)'s application to federal
prisoners, the panel's mistaken dismissal -- instead of de-
nial -- of Bowe's petition makes (3)(E) patently in-
applicable.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 5438
_________________

MICHAEL BOWE, PETITIONER v. UNITED STATES
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
[January 9, 2026]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom JUSTICE THOMAS and
JUSTICE ALITO join, and with whom JUSTICE BARRETT joins
as to Part I, dissenting.
Under the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act
of 1996 (AEDPA), courts of appeals serve an important
gatekeeping function. When a state prisoner seeks to chal-
lenge his conviction or sentence in federal court for the first
time, he normally proceeds directly to district court under
28 U. S. C.. But before a state prisoner may bring a
second or successive attack in district court, AEDPA re-
quires him to obtain a certificate from a panel of the rele-
vant federal court of appeals. And under, an appel-
late panel may certify a case to proceed only subject to
certain demanding rules.
Two are relevant here. First, an appellate panel may not
authorize do-over claims -- claims the prisoner already "pre-
sented in a prior" federal challenge. (1). Second,
neither a state prisoner nor state authorities may file a pe-
tition for rehearing or seek "a writ of certiorari" to contest
an appellate panel's decision granting or denying certifica-
tion. (3)(E).
AEDPA contains parallel directions for federal prisoners.
When a federal prisoner seeks to challenge his conviction or
sentence collaterally for the first time, he usually proceeds
directly to district court under. But before he can
pursue a second or successive challenge, it "must be
2 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

certified as provided in section 2244 by a panel of the ap-
propriate court of appeals.". Through that cross-
reference, then, federal prisoners seeking to bring second or
successive collateral attacks are generally subject to the
same rules as their state counterparts.
That brings us to Michael Bowe. After shooting two
guards while trying to rob an armored vehicle in 2008, he
pleaded guilty to three federal crimes. Since then, he has
pursued five nearly identical postconviction challenges. In
each, Mr. Bowe has asserted that one of the statutes under
which he was convicted, 18 U. S. C., is unconstitu-
tional under our void-for-vagueness doctrine. And in all but
the first of his challenges, Mr. Bowe has centered his argu-
ment around the same case: United States v. Davis, (2019).
When Mr. Bowe sought permission to bring his latest col-
lateral attack, the Eleventh Circuit demurred. Because he
had pursued his Davis claim three times before, the court
held that his latest filing represented an impermissible do-
over claim barred by (1). Now, Mr. Bowe asks us
to reverse the Eleventh Circuit's decision. Yes, he concedes,
AEDPA bars state prisoners from pursuing do-over claims.
But, he insists, federal prisoners are different. They (and
they alone) are free to bring the same claim in district court
over and over again.
Before we can take up that question, however, we must
answer another. Under (3)(E), Mr. Bowe acknowl-
edges, this Court lacks certiorari jurisdiction to review an
appellate panel's decision denying a state prisoner leave to
file a second or successive collateral challenge. But here
again, Mr. Bowe argues federal prisoners are different. He
submits that they (and, once more, they alone) are free to
challenge adverse certification decisions on writ of certio-
rari.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Because I do not believe that either of Mr. Bowe's pleas
for federal-prisoner exceptionalism can be squared with
AEDPA's text, I respectfully dissent.
I
I understand my colleagues' eagerness to reach the mer-
its of this case. As they observe, the courts of appeals are
divided on the question whether federal prisoners like Mr.
Bowe may pursue do-over claims. Ante, at 5. Doubtless,
too, it is often this Court's job to resolve circuit splits and
bring nationwide uniformity to the application of federal
law.
But it is also one of our paramount responsibilities to re-
spect the limits on our jurisdiction. And, to my eyes,
AEDPA precludes us from exercising certiorari jurisdiction
here. Section 2244 instructs that "the grant or denial of an
authorization by a court of appeals to file a second or suc-
cessive" collateral attack "shall not be the subject of a peti-
tion... for a writ of certiorari." (3)(E). Everyone
agrees this provision precludes us from exercising certiorari
jurisdiction to review an appellate panel's decision granting
or denying certification to state prisoners. And because
tells us that the same rules apply to federal pris-
oners, exactly the same outcome follows for federal prison-
ers like Mr. Bowe.
Importantly, though, that does not mean we lack for ways
to resolve the circuit split my colleagues worry over.
AEDPA may prevent us from exercising certiorari jurisdic-
tion under. But AEDPA not only leaves untouched
our power to entertain original habeas petitions filed di-
rectly in this Court. Felker v. Turpin, -- 
661 (1996). AEDPA also leaves untouched our power to ac-
cept certified "question[s] of law" from the federal courts of
appeals and provide them with "binding instructions" on
how to answer those questions under, a provision
4 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

found right next door to the one governing our certiorari ju-
risdiction.
Accustomed as we are to proceeding by way of certiorari
under, it's true that we have rarely accepted certi-
fied questions under. But a rare procedure befits
rare circumstances. And this case involves a rare circum-
stance indeed -- a circuit split that would otherwise stagger
on forever. Rather than ignore 's express constraint
on our certiorari jurisdiction, then, we might have simply
signaled to the courts of appeals our willingness to accept
certification in this or a similar case. Cf. United States v.
Rice, -- 747 (1946) (accepting certification
in the uncommon situation of a "circuit court of appeals...
equally divided on" questions of law).
A
To appreciate why we lack certiorari jurisdiction, it helps
to start with a bird's eye view of how AEDPA addresses sec-
ond or successive collateral attacks.
AEDPA seeks "to advance the finality of criminal convic-
tions." Mayle v. Felix, (2005). It does so,
in part, by imposing "stric[t] limit[s]" on the ability of fed-
eral and state prisoners to bring multiple postconviction at-
tacks in federal court. See Jones v. Hendrix, (2023). So, for example, a federal prisoner's second or
successive collateral attack "must be certified... to con-
tain" a showing of either new facts or new law..
The new-facts route requires the prisoner to show that he
possesses newly discovered evidence that, if proved, would
establish his innocence clearly and convincingly. See
(1). The new-law route requires him to argue that
his conviction or sentence is unlawful in light of a new rule
of constitutional law that this Court has made retroactively
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

applicable to cases on collateral review. See (2).
Similar rules apply to state prisoners under (2).1
Even beyond those constraints, AEDPA imposes others.
A federal prisoner's second or successive attack not
only must "contain" either new facts or new law; it also
"must be certified as provided in section 2244.".
Everyone agrees this cross-reference directs us to
(3). That paragraph provides these instructions:
"(A) Before a second or successive application per-
mitted by this section is filed in the district court, the
applicant shall move in the appropriate court of ap-
peals for an order authorizing the district court to con-
sider the application.
"(B) A motion in the court of appeals... shall be de-
termined by a three-judge panel of the court of appeals.
"(C) The court of appeals may authorize the filing of
a second or successive application only if it determines
that the application makes a prima facie showing that
the application satisfies the requirements of this sub-
section.
"(D) The court of appeals shall grant or deny the au-
thorization... not later than 30 days after the filing of
the motion.
"(E) The grant or denial of an authorization... shall
not be appealable and shall not be the subject of a peti-
tion for rehearing or for a writ of certiorari."
With this overview in hand, our lack of certiorari juris-
diction quickly becomes clear. Section 2244(b)(3)(E) prohib-
its a state prisoner from invoking our certiorari jurisdiction
to challenge an order denying him leave to file a second or
successive collateral attack. Indeed, this Court has already
held as much. Felker, 518 U. S., at 658 -- 659. And 
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Put aside for the moment AEDPA's additional instructions about do-

over claims -- they become relevant only when we come to the merits. See
Part II, infra.
6 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

tells us that a federal prisoner seeking to pursue a second
or successive collateral attack must obtain certification "as
provided in section 2244" for state prisoners. Accordingly,
the same bar on certiorari applies.
That commonsense conclusion finds unanimous support
in the courts of appeals. Just as (3)(E) bars certio-
rari petitions, it also bars petitions for panel or en banc re-
hearing. Since AEDPA's adoption in 1996, a great many
federal prisoners have sought rehearing on the theory that
this rule applies only to state prisoners, not them. Yet
every circuit to consider that approach has rejected it, rec-
ognizing instead that subparagraph (E) applies to federal
prisoners no less than their state counterparts, and thus
prohibits them from petitioning for panel or en banc rehear-
ing. See, e.g., In re Clark, 837 F. 3d 1080, 1082 -- 1083 (CA10
2016) (collecting cases); In re Baptiste, 828 F. 3d 1337, 1340
(CA11 2016); Págan-San Miguel v. United States, 736 F. 3d
44, 46, (CA1 2013) (per curiam); In re Sonshine, 132
F. 3d 1133, 1134 (CA6 1997).
Our own precedent carries the same message. In Castro
v. United States, (2003), the government ar-
gued that subparagraph (E) precluded this Court from con-
sidering a federal prisoner's challenge to an appellate panel
decision denying him leave to file a second or successive at-
tack. At the same time, the government contended, the
terms of subparagraph (E) leave it free to challenge many
appellate panel decisions granting a federal prisoner per-
mission to proceed. Id., at 380 -- 381. The Court rejected
both submissions. First, after conducting a painstakingly
detailed analysis of the filing history of the particular pris-
oner before it, the Court concluded that his challenge was
not in fact second or successive. So subparagraph (E) -- 
which applies only to second or successive challenges -- 
simply was not implicated in the case at hand. See id., at
379 -- 380. Second, the Court rejected the government's
"anomal[ou]s" suggestion that subparagraph (E) might
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

allow it, but not a prisoner, to challenge an adverse appel-
late panel decision regarding a second or successive filing.
Id., at 380 -- 381.
Neither holding makes sense unless subparagraph (E)
applies to federal prisoners pursuing second or successive
collateral attacks. Why take the trouble to show this fed-
eral prisoner wasn't pursuing a second or successive attack
subject to subparagraph (E) -- and why bother rejecting the
government's lopsided argument about how subpara-
graph (E) works -- if subparagraph (E) has no bearing what-
soever on federal prisoners in the first place? While Castro
may not have announced a "holding" that subparagraph (E)
applies to federal prisoners pursuing second or successive
collateral attacks, ante, at 9, all of its work was surely
grounded on that premise.
Our decision in Hohn v. United States, 
(1998), is equally telling. That case concerned 28 U. S. C., which requires a federal prisoner to obtain a cer-
tificate of appealability (COA) before he may appeal a dis-
trict court's adverse decision in a proceeding. The
jurisdictional question before the Court was whether a
court of appeals' denial of a COA is a "case" within the
meaning of and thus reviewable on certiorari. 524
U. S., at 241. Concluding that it is, the Court leaned heav-
ily on a comparison between and (3)(E).
The latter provision, the Court said, imposes a "clear limit"
on our jurisdiction. Id., at 250. And, the Court reasoned,
the existence of that "clear limit," coupled with the absence
of comparable language in, suggested that federal
prisoners may seek certiorari to challenge an adverse COA
decision. See id., at 249 -- 250. Much as in Castro, the Court
in Hohn may not have expressly reached a holding about
(3)(E)'s meaning. But its work only makes sense if
that provision "clear[ly]" precludes certiorari jurisdiction
for federal prisoners.
8 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Really, the idea that (3)(E) applies to federal
prisoners and bars them from seeking certiorari has been
uncontroversial since AEDPA's adoption three decades ago.
So much so that, until recently, even the author of today's
majority opinion accepted it. In another case involving Mr.
Bowe (yes, the same Mr. Bowe), our colleague urged the
Court to consider accepting an original habeas petition to
resolve the very same do-over circuit split now before us.
In re Bowe, 601 U. S. ___ (2024) (SOTOMAYOR, J., statement
respecting denial of habeas corpus). Invoking that unusual
procedure, our colleague insisted, was necessary precisely
because "(3)(E)'s bar on petitioning for review"
would preclude Mr. Bowe from invoking our certiorari ju-
risdiction. Id., at ___. That was right then,
and it is right still.
B
How does Mr. Bowe respond? He does not dispute that
all the rules laid out in (3)(A) through (E) apply to
state prisoners. As a result, he acknowledges, neither state
prisoners nor state officials may challenge an appellate
panel's certification decision on certiorari. Accordingly,
there are only two ways to resolve circuit splits about 
in the state-prisoner context: original habeas writs and cer-
tification under.
Even when it comes to federal prisoners, Mr. Bowe cedes
much ground. He admits that subjects federal
prisoners to the same rules that apply to state prisoners in
(3)(A), (B), (C), and (D). Brief for Petitioner 32.
He concedes, too, that every court of appeals to consider the
issue has held that subparagraph (E) also applies to federal
prisoners. Tr. of Oral Arg. 15. Still, Mr. Bowe insists, he's
discovered something all those courts (and this one) have
missed for the past 30 years: Subparagraph (E) -- and it
alone -- doesn't apply to federal prisoners.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

His theory runs this way. Section 2255(h) instructs that
a federal prisoner's second or successive attack "must be
certified as provided in section 2244." That language, Mr.
Bowe submits, sweeps in only those parts of that ad-
dress how an appellate panel goes about certifying a second
or successive filing. And it does not sweep in subpara-
graph (E) because -- unlike all of (3)'s other subpar-
agraphs -- it does not "provide" for certification.
It may be a wonderfully convenient theory for Mr. Bowe,
but no court has adopted it for good reason. Just look again
at the block quotation of statutory text above. Each and
every one of (3)'s subparagraphs "provide[s]" for
how a second or successive collateral attack "must be certi-
fied" by a "panel of the appropriate court of appeals.". Subparagraph (A) routes the certification deci-
sion to a court of appeals. Subparagraph (B) directs that
the decision must be made by a three-judge panel. Subpar-
agraph (C) sets forth the standard the panel must use when
deciding whether to certify. Subparagraph (D) specifies the
timing for a decision. And subparagraph (E) provides that
panel certification is the exclusive avenue for certification
decisions (without foreclosing the panel from asking this
Court, via, for "instructions" on "question[s] of
law" along the way). What begins with an application to a
three-judge panel under subparagraph (A) ends with its
disposition by that same panel under subparagraph (E).
Notice, too, the hash Mr. Bowe's interpretation makes of
the rest of the statute. Subparagraph (B) mandates that a
certification motion "shall be determined by a three-judge
panel of the court of appeals." What would be the point of
that direction if, as Mr. Bowe suggests, a prisoner could pe-
tition a court of appeals (en banc) or this Court (on certio-
rari) to certify a second or successive collateral attack in-
stead? Plainly, subparagraph (E) works in tandem with
subparagraph (B) to ensure that the certification decision
10 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

comes from, and only from, a three-judge panel. Ignoring
(E) undermines (B).
Ignoring (E) also makes a nonsense of subparagraph (D)'s
instruction requiring a panel to grant or deny certification
within 30 days. That mandate is perfectly sensible if, as
subparagraph (E) provides, the decision of a three-judge
panel is final. But it is wholly insensible if, as Mr. Bowe
supposes, any prisoner can seek panel rehearing, then en
banc rehearing, and certiorari too. The entire point of
AEDPA and its certification process was to "reduce delays,"
Rhines v. Weber, (2005) (internal quota-
tion marks omitted), and "advance the finality of criminal
convictions," Mayle, 545 U. S., at 662. Yet on Mr. Bowe's
reading, the certification process alone would typically take
not 30 days but many multiples of that.2
C
Mr. Bowe's line of argument, understandably, causes my
colleagues some discomfort. Thankfully, they are unwilling
to say -- as Mr. Bowe does -- that every court of appeals to
have reached the issue has erred in holding that subpara-
graph (E) bars federal prisoners from seeking panel or en
banc rehearing. Ante, at 16. To avoid calling those sound
decisions into question, the majority pivots in a different
direction. On its theory, even if subparagraph (E) bars fed-
eral prisoners from pursuing petitions for panel and en
banc rehearing, the statute does not bar them from seeking
certiorari.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Mr. Bowe suggests this is no problem because subparagraph (E) al-

lows courts of appeals to order rehearing sua sponte. And having discov-
ered porosity in this otherwise solid subparagraph, Mr. Bowe wonders
why we need to worry about finality at all. But even if AEDPA tolerates
sua sponte rehearing, that is no threat to finality because sua sponte re-
hearing is rare, and judges do not call for it needlessly. The same is true
of certification under, for that matter. These modest, rarely
employed, and judicially initiated procedures are hardly camels' noses
poking under AEDPA's tent.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

There is an obvious reason Mr. Bowe did not press that
eccentric theory before us: It cannot be squared with the
statutory text. Section 2255 instructs that a federal pris-
oner's second or successive attack "must be certified as pro-
vided in section 2244." And what subparagraph (E) "pro-
vide[s]" is a package deal. The statute bars rehearing
petitions and certiorari petitions in a single breath: It pro-
vides that a panel's certification decision "shall not be the
subject of a petition for rehearing or for a writ of certiorari."
(3)(E). The notion that all of subparagraph (E)
might apply to federal prisoners minus the six words "or for
a writ of certiorari" is utterly implausible as a textual mat-
ter.
One might think this problem would cause the majority
to hesitate. Instead, my colleagues plow on, conjuring up a
clear-statement rule to support their course. Yes, the ma-
jority admits, a fair reading of 's cross-reference to
"might include" (3)(E)'s certiorari bar. Ante,
at 19. But, my colleagues insist, Congress "must speak
clearly" when it wishes to withdraw our certiorari jurisdic-
tion, ante, at 8, and the language Congress employed here
is not "clear" enough to be worth following, ante, at 12 -- 14.
There's no avoiding the odd contours of the majority's
clear-statement rule. Apparently, Congress may restrict
and channel collateral review in the lower courts, as it has
done in subparagraphs (A) through (D). Congress may also
bar petitions for panel or en banc rehearing, as it has done
in subparagraph (E), cutting off the usual method by which
a court of appeals "reconcile[s] its internal difficulties."
Wisniewski v. United States, (1957)
(per curiam). Seemingly, Congress can do all that without
having to satisfy any clear-statement rule. The only work
the majority's rule performs concerns certiorari petitions -- 
and the only effect that rule has is to pencil out subpara-
graph (E)'s six words "or for a writ of certiorari" in cases
12 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

involving federal prisoners. All while leaving those same
six words in force when it comes to state prisoners.
That gerrymandered rule may suit Mr. Bowe's present
needs and appeal to our vanity. But it is pointless. Even if
a clear statement were required here, Congress gave us one.
For all the reasons explored above, AEDPA's certiorari bar
imposes, in Hohn's words, a "clear limit" on our jurisdiction.
See Part I -- A, supra. Nor, again, is there any need to pre-
tend otherwise just to address the circuit split Mr. Bowe
identifies, for we can just as easily reach it through certifi-
cation under as we can through certiorari under. Indeed, the Eleventh Circuit refused to invoke
only because it believed we would deny certifica-
tion -- a belief we could easily dispel in this case simply by
saying it isn't so. See App. 78 -- 79.
Worse still, the majority's bespoke certiorari-for-federal-
prisoners-clear-statement rule lacks any grounding in law.
Just ask yourself: If not from thin air, where could such a
rule possibly come from?
Perhaps the most obvious candidate would be the Consti-
tution. Sometimes, after all, when faced with two compet-
ing statutory interpretations this Court invokes the canon
of constitutional avoidance to choose the one that avoids,
rather than implicates, a constitutional problem. See, e.g.,
Clark v. Martinez, -- 382 (2005). But the
majority does not rest its clear-statement rule on that doc-
trine. Nor could it. This Court has already expressly re-
jected the notion that (3)'s limitations violate the
Suspension Clause or the Exceptions Clause, the two con-
stitutional provisions most obviously relevant to cases like
this one. See Felker, 518 U. S., at 661 -- 664.
That should come as no surprise either. The writ of ha-
beas corpus traditionally addressed cases of executive de-
tention without trial. Accordingly, a federal prisoner was
ineligible for habeas corpus if he had been convicted by a
court of competent jurisdiction. See id., at 663; Brown v.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Davenport, -- 129 (2022). It was not until
the 20th century that this Court began allowing federal
prisoners to mount collateral attacks on jurisdictionally
sound convictions. Cf. Glasgow v. Moyer, 
(1912) ("The principle of the cases is the simple one that if
a court has jurisdiction of the case the writ of habeas corpus
cannot be employed to re-try the issues, whether of law,
constitutional or other, or of fact"). Put simply, for much of
our Nation's history, there was no collateral review of the
vast majority of convictions, much less a right to certiorari
in such cases.
With constitutional avoidance off the table, the majority
advances an unbriefed theory to prop up its novel clear-
statement rule. Citing Boechler v. Commissioner, (2022), the majority observes that this Court generally
reads statutorily prescribed procedural requirements as
forfeitable claim-processing rules rather than unwavering
jurisdictional mandates unless Congress "clearly" indicates
otherwise. Ante, at 11. And, the majority insists, it is doing
something similar here. See ibid. Hardly. No one disputes
that AEDPA's certiorari bar at issue here is jurisdictional.
So Boechler not only does not "contro[l] this case," ante, at
11, it has nothing to say about this case at all.
The majority's invocation of Boechler is not just inapt, it
is unfortunate. Two years ago, in an obscure administra-
tive law case, this Court expressly refused to treat Boechler
as a permission slip for creating any manner of new inter-
pretive presumptions that may happen to suit our tastes
but that do not "approximat[e] rea[l]" statutory meaning.
Compare Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, (2024) (KAGAN, J., dissenting) (arguing that,
in light of cases like Boechler, we may as well accept other
interpretive fictions like Chevron), with 603 U. S., at 399
(majority opinion) (holding otherwise). Yet that is exactly
how the majority treats Boechler today.
14 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

The picture does not improve from there. The Boechler
clear-statement rule operates only in a particular context
and exists only for particular reasons. Treating too many
rules as jurisdictional rather than as claim-processing
rules, this Court has said, would "result in the waste of ju-
dicial resources and may unfairly prejudice litigants." Hen-
derson v. Shinseki, (2011). Yet neither
of those rationales applies here. If anything, it is the ma-
jority's new rule that promises to waste judicial resources
by undermining finality. And there is no colorable argu-
ment that Congress acts unfairly by preventing both pris-
oners and governments from appealing adverse certifica-
tion decisions. Far from respecting Boechler, then, the
majority more nearly defies it.
With Boechler a dry hole, the majority finds itself forced
to prospect elsewhere for legal authority. Its next stop is
Castro. Ante, at 8 -- 10. But the majority's quote mining of
that decision only winds up highlighting just how unprece-
dented its course today really is.
In Castro, remember, the government advocated for a lop-
sided construction of (3)(E). On the government's
view, the statute permitted it to seek certiorari to challenge
a circuit decision granting certification, but precluded a fed-
eral prisoner from seeking certiorari to challenge a circuit
decision denying certification. 540 U. S., at 380. As we
have seen, the Court rejected that submission for two rea-
sons. First, the prisoner there did not seek to pursue a sec-
ond or successive attack subject to subparagraph (E). Sec-
ond, the government's reading would have "close[d] our
doors to a class of habeas petitioners seeking review" while
leaving those same doors open to the government. Id., at
381. Expanding on the second rationale, the Court said it
would not endorse such an "anomal[ous]" reading of subpar-
agraph (E) "without any clear indication that such was Con-
gress' intent." Id., at 380 -- 381. Doubtless, this commentary
reflected an intuition that Congress would not lightly treat
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

similarly situated litigants differently. But none of that
speaks to the situation before us, where the construction of
subparagraph (E) at issue is fair and square: no certiorari
review of certification decisions, no matter who won below.
If anything, and as we have seen, Castro does more to
hurt than help the majority's cause. See Part I -- A, supra.
Throughout that decision, the Court took as given that sub-
paragraph (E) does bar federal prisoners from seeking cer-
tiorari to challenge adverse certification decisions regard-
ing their second or successive filings. Why (again) would
Castro take the trouble to explain that the challenge there
wasn't a second or successive one if subparagraph (E)
doesn't apply to federal prisoners anyway? And why would
Castro worry about the anomalous possibility that only the
government may seek certiorari when, in fact, federal pris-
oners can too?
The majority offers no colorable answers to these ques-
tions because none can be had. Just like Hohn and our col-
league's opinion two years ago in In re Bowe, Castro fully
appreciated that subparagraph (E) imposes a "clear limit"
on our certiorari jurisdiction, one applicable to federal and
state prisoners alike. Hohn, 524 U. S., at 250 ; see also In re Bowe, 601 U. S., at ___ 
(acknowledging that "(3)(E)'s bar on petitioning for
review" would preclude Mr. Bowe himself from seeking cer-
tiorari).3

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Attempting to wring more yet from Castro, the majority points to its

citation of Utah v. Evans, (2002), for the "principle that we
read limitations on our jurisdiction to review narrowly." Ante, at 10 (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted). But Evans simply applied the anodyne
presumption that federal agency action is amenable to some form of ju-
dicial review. See 536 U. S., at 463, and Bowen v. Michigan Academy of Family Physicians, (1986)). That presumption speaks not at all to the postconviction
setting, let alone second or successive collateral attacks like this one. In
this context, a litigant has already enjoyed extensive judicial review,
16 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Unable to identify any plausible authority in existing law
for its clear-statement rule, the majority is ultimately left
to summon it from the ether. To be sure, my colleagues
begin by pointing to the (unremarkable) principle that this
Court does not read "statutory silence as implicitly modify-
ing or limiting... jurisdiction that another statute specifi-
cally grants." Hertz Corp. v. Friend, (2010);
Felker, 518 U. S., at 660 -- 661. But from there, the majority
engages in pure invention, devising a broad new legal rule
that even express limitations on our certiorari jurisdiction
are unenforceable absent a clear statement. See ante, at 8.
What a leap that is. This case is nothing like those in
which we have historically declined to infer limitations on
our certiorari jurisdiction based on statutory silence. All
agree that expressly incorporates portions of
(3). All agree that (3)(E) expressly bars
"petition[s] for... writ[s] of certiorari." The only point of
disagreement concerns how those explicit provisions fit to-
gether. I believe they fit together in a way that deprives us
of jurisdiction. But even if I am wrong about that, this is
hardly a case of "silen[t] or ambiguous" text, Hertz, 559
U. S., at 83 -- 84, nor one involving provisions that "mak[e]
no mention of our authority," Felker, 518 U. S., at 661.
Truly, the majority's clear-statement rule comes from no-
where at all.
In the end, neither Mr. Bowe's textual arguments nor the
majority's atextual theory can obscure AEDPA's message,
one every court of appeals (and this Court) has understood
since 1996. A litigant like Mr. Bowe may seek to pursue an
original habeas petition in this Court. A court of appeals
may certify questions to us. But bars state prisoners
(and governments) from invoking our certiorari jurisdiction
to challenge adverse certification decisions. Section 2255
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
including at least two opportunities to seek certiorari from us -- first on
direct review, and again in a first postconviction challenge.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

extends that bar to federal prisoners. And because that bar
applies here, we lack jurisdiction to decide this case. The
majority's conclusion otherwise is as improbable as it is
novel.4
II
Because the majority concludes that we have jurisdiction
to reach the merits, I offer my views too. The question here,
recall, concerns the Eleventh Circuit's refusal to certify Mr.
Bowe's latest collateral attack. Like most other circuits, the
Eleventh Circuit has held that (1) bars do-over
claims by both state and federal prisoners. And that provi-
sion, the court reasoned, barred Mr. Bowe's present chal-
lenge because he has already pursued the same challenge
many times before.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 In a final foray, Mr. Bowe and JUSTICE JACKSON contend that, even if

subparagraph (E)'s certiorari bar generally applies to federal prisoners,
it still does not apply in this particular case. Mr. Bowe's version of the
argument goes like this. Subparagraph (E) bars certiorari petitions from
appellate orders that "grant or den[y]" certification to pursue a second or
successive attack. And, Mr. Bowe submits, that language doesn't apply
to him because the Eleventh Circuit "dismissed" rather than "denied" his
certification request. See App. 79. This argument fails, though, because
"the label attached to an order is not dispositive"; its " 'practical effect' "
is. Abbott v. Perez, (2018). And here, the practical
effect of the Eleventh Circuit's "dismissal" order was to deny Mr. Bowe
permission to pursue his second or successive attack.
JUSTICE JACKSON's version of the argument proceeds differently. She
admits that a dismissal may have the practical effect of a denial. Ante,
at 2 (concurring opinion). But, she insists, that doesn't hold true here
because, by applying (1)'s do-over bar, the Eleventh Circuit ap-
plied the wrong "statutory criteria" to Mr. Bowe. Ante, at 4. There is
just one problem. The statute bars review of any "grant or denial," not
any "grant or denial made after applying the correct statutory criteria."
JUSTICE JACKSON identifies nothing in the statute's terms that might al-
low us to turn the Eleventh Circuit's (supposed) merits error into a juris-
dictionally decisive event. A denial is a denial. Recognizing the flaws of
both versions of the argument, the majority rightly adopts neither.
18 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

In reversing the Eleventh Circuit, my colleagues do not
question that (1) prohibits state prisoners' do-over
claims. Nor do my colleagues question that Mr. Bowe seeks
to pursue a do-over claim in this case. Instead, they hold
that federal prisoners like him are free to file in district
court as many do-over claims as they please. Once more, I
disagree because I see nothing in AEDPA's text that sup-
ports that kind of special treatment for federal prisoners.
A
Begin by walking through the relevant statutory provi-
sions. Section 2255 requires a federal prisoner to satisfy
two essential requirements before he can pursue a second
or successive challenge. First, his filing must "contain" ei-
ther new facts or new law sufficient to satisfy (1)
or (h)(2). Second, his filing "must be certified" by a court of
appeals under the rules outlined in. And to win cer-
tification under, everyone accepts, a federal prisoner
must satisfy at least (3)(A), (B), (C), and (D). Ante,
at 12 -- 13. (With jurisdiction now out of the picture, we can
set aside the dispute over (E).)
From there the right answer lies only a few steps away.
Section 2244(b)(3)(C) states that "[t]he court of appeals may
authorize the filing of a second or successive application
only if it determines that the application makes a prima fa-
cie showing that the application satisfies the requirements
of this subsection." (Emphasis added.) No one questions
that this provision applies to state and federal prisoners
equally. Brief for Petitioner 32; Brief for United States 25 -- 
26; ante, at 12 -- 13. So by its terms, this provision means a
federal prisoner must make "a prima facie showing" in a
court of appeals that his second or successive filing satisfies
the requirements of "this subsection" -- namely, subsec-
tion (b) of.
That tells us all we need to know. The very first provision
of subsection (b) prohibits do-over claims. In the words of
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

(1), any claim presented in a prior application
"shall be dismissed." As a result, AEDPA no more tolerates
repetitive litigation by federal prisoners than it does by
state prisoners. And the Eleventh Circuit was right to deny
Mr. Bowe leave to file again the same claim he had already
pursued many times before.
What the statutory language teaches on this point, con-
text confirms. Next to subsection (b)(1) sits subsec-
tion (b)(2). There, Congress addressed second or successive
filings presenting new (as opposed to do-over) claims. As
laid out in the margin, subsection (b)(2)'s rules for state
prisoners' new claims are similar to, but different from,
's rules for federal prisoners' new claims.5 And be-
cause applies particularly to federal prisoners, its
specific requirements displace (2)'s more generally
applicable ones. See Baltimore Nat. Bank v. State Tax
Comm'n of Md., (1936). So when a court
of appeals asks whether a federal prisoner has made a
"prima facie showing" that his proposed filing "satisfies the
requirements of this subsection" under (3)(C), the
requirements of (1) -- (2) step into the shoes that
(2) would otherwise fill. Tellingly, however,
contains no such federal-prisoner-specific lan-
guage when it comes to do-over claims. Instead, it leaves
(1)'s generally applicable language in place. All of
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 Section 2244(b)(2)(B)'s new-facts provision requires that

"(i) the factual predicate for the claim could not have been discovered
previously through the exercise of due diligence; and
"(ii) the facts underlying the claim, if proven and viewed in light of the
evidence as a whole, would be sufficient to establish by clear and con-
vincing evidence that, but for constitutional error, no reasonable fact-
finder would have found the applicant guilty of the underlying offense."
In contrast, (1)'s new-facts provision requires
"newly discovered evidence that, if proven and viewed in light of the
evidence as a whole, would be sufficient to establish by clear and con-
vincing evidence that no reasonable factfinder would have found the mo-
vant guilty of the offense."
20 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

which suggests that (1) applies no less to federal
prisoners than to state prisoners -- just as the text says.6
Another contextual clue comes from the 30-day clock.
Just as with (3)(C), no one questions that
(3)(D) applies to both federal and state prisoners.
Under that provision, a federal court of appeals has just 30
days to issue a certification decision. Complying with that
tight deadline is possible if courts of appeals can dispose of
do-over claims without further inquiry. But complying is a
good deal harder if panels must ask whether each and every
proposed collateral attack involves new evidence of inno-
cence or a retroactively applicable rule of constitutional
law. In this case, for example, it took me five minutes to
appreciate that Mr. Bowe has already advanced, many
times before, the same claim he proposes to pursue here. I
do not know, nor would it be so easy to determine, whether
Mr. Bowe's latest filing makes a compelling showing of new
facts or new law. Contra, ante, at 23 (majority erroneously
suggesting that determining whether a litigant "has raised
a claim before" is no easier than determining whether he
has identified compelling new facts or law).
Statutory structure and history, too, have something to
say. Before AEDPA, separate provisions addressed do-over
claims by state prisoners and federal prisoners. Back then,
permitted (but did not require) a court to deny relief
to a state prisoner who "present[ed] no new ground not
heretofore presented and determined" in a prior
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The majority claims my understanding of how (2) and

interact renders (2) "mere surplusage." Ante, at 22 -- 
23. But that claim is easily falsified. If (2) really were "mere
surplusage," then it could be struck out of the statute with no change.
So, then, imagine a version of without subsection (h)(2). That
imaginary provision would require every "second or successive motion...
to contain... newly discovered evidence" capable of satisfying subsec-
tion (h)(1)'s new-facts requirement. That is very different from the real, which allows a prisoner to show either new facts, (1),
or new law, (2).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 21

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

application. 28 U. S. C. (1988 ed.); 62 Stat. 965 -- 
966. Similarly, said that a court "shall not be re-
quired to entertain a second or successive motion for similar
relief " by a federal prisoner. See 28 U. S. C. (1988
ed.). In AEDPA, Congress amended both provisions. Now,
channels second or successive motions
through the rules applicable to state prisoners. And
AEDPA added to a new mandatory (no longer per-
missive) bar against do-over claims, flatly directing that
they "shall be dismissed." (1); 110 Stat. 1220 -- 
1221.
Exactly nothing in this history or AEDPA's structure sug-
gests Congress sought to loosen do-over restrictions for an-
yone -- let alone completely do away with those restrictions
for federal prisoners. To the contrary, the statute's history
and structure suggest, as we have long observed, that
AEDPA imposed new and "strict[er] limit[s]" on postconvic-
tion relief. Jones, 599 U. S., at 476. All of which indicates,
once again, that Congress meant what it said in
(3)(C): The "requirements of this subsection" apply
to federal and state prisoners alike -- and those require-
ments include subsection (b)(1)'s bar on do-over claims.
B
Seeking some way to justify a rule prohibiting state pris-
oners from pursuing do-over claims -- but also allowing fed-
eral prisoners to do just that -- Mr. Bowe and the majority
offer a grab bag of unpersuasive theories.
First, the majority observes that specifically ref-
erences "section 2255," the provision governing federal pris-
oners' collateral attacks, while (1) contains no such
reference. Because "we presume differences in language...
convey differences in meaning," the majority submits, it
must follow that (1)'s bar on do-over claims "ap-
plies only to state prisoners." Ante, at 20 (internal quota-
tion marks omitted). But that cannot be right.
22 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Section 2244 mentions "section 2255" only one time, in. If its absence elsewhere mattered, then none of
the rules in (3)(A) through (D) would apply to fed-
eral prisoners. Yet not even the majority or Mr. Bowe
thinks that. To the contrary, both concede that the whole
point of 's cross-reference to is to ensure fed-
eral prisoners, just like their state counterparts, must fol-
low each of those provisions. Ante, at 12 -- 13; Brief for Peti-
tioner 32.
Second, and in a similar vein, Mr. Bowe stresses that sub-
section (b)(1) prohibits do-over claims "in a second or suc-
cessive habeas corpus application under section 2254."
(Emphasis added.) Seeking to capitalize on the italicized
language, Mr. Bowe notes that governs postconvic-
tion "applications" by state prisoners, while federal prison-
ers proceed by way of "motions." Given that differ-
ence in nomenclature, Mr. Bowe contends, subsection (b)(1)
must apply only to state prisoners because that provision
addresses "applications" and not "motions." The majority
briefly nods in the same direction. See ante, at 20.
This argument fails for much the same reason as its pre-
decessor. If the absence of the word "motion" in made
all the difference, then none of (3)(A) through (D)'s
rules would apply to federal prisoners because each of those
provisions speaks only of "applications." Yet, no one be-
lieves that. Instead, everyone appreciates, routes
federal prisoners' "motions" through all those provisions. In
each, then, the word "applications" is best read as inter-
changeable with "motions," just as most circuits have un-
derstood. Cf. Magwood v. Patterson, (2010) ("Although 28 U. S. C. refers to a habeas
'application,' we use the word 'petition' interchangeably").
Third, Mr. Bowe replies that there's something else spe-
cial about subsection (b)(1). Unlike (3)(A)
through (D), he says, subsection (b)(1) doesn't just speak of
"applications," but "application[s] under section 2254."
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 23

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

(Emphasis added.) And that more specific reference, Mr.
Bowe insists, means subsection (b)(1) cannot apply to fed-
eral prisoners proceeding under. But this argument
doesn't move the needle either. If (as it must be and as no
one seriously disputes) the term "application" in is
best read as embracing a federal "motion," then the
phrase "application under section 2254" in should
likewise be understood to embrace a "motion under sec-
tion 2255."7
Fourth, the majority suggests that 's cross-refer-
ence to captures only the latter's "procedures" gov-
erning "how a panel certifies a second or successive filing."
Ante, at 21. And, the argument goes, (1)'s bar on
do-over claims is no mere "procedure" but instead a sub-
stantive rule about what a filing may "contai[n]." Ibid. This
theory fails too. Section 2255's cross-reference does not
speak of a procedure/substance distinction. Instead,
directs courts to "certif[y]" motions "as provided
in". Even the majority acknowledges that this lan-
guage makes (3)(C) applicable to federal prisoners.
Ante, at 12 -- 13. And subparagraph (C) explicitly says "the
requirements of this subsection" -- which include
(1) -- must be satisfied before certification. It's
more than a little telling that the majority finds itself forced
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 That is not to say that subsection (b)(1)'s specific reference to 

applications, rather than to applications simpliciter, is superfluous. It
has considerable work to do -- just not the work Mr. Bowe supposes. By
referencing, the statute makes plain that the do-over bar applies
only to applications (or motions, as the case may be) by prisoners seeking
postconviction relief. That renders it inapplicable to habeas applications
from state prisoners in preconviction executive detention, because those
applications are filed under rather than. And that distinc-
tion (unlike the one Mr. Bowe proposes between state and federal pris-
oners) makes sense. Convicted prisoners, by definition, have already re-
ceived a great deal of judicial process, so a do-over bar makes sense as to
them. Prisoners who haven't been convicted, meanwhile, stand in very
different shoes, so Congress decided to exempt them.
24 BOWE v. UNITED STATES

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

both to rewrite 's terms and to ignore
(3)(C)'s directions.
Finally, Mr. Bowe retreats to the position that federal
prisoners must be exempt from subsection (b)(1) because
AEDPA was designed to treat state prisoners more harshly
than federal prisoners. But, in fact, AEDPA often treats
the two groups the same, and not just when it comes to sec-
ond or successive filings. To take just one example, 
requires a prisoner to secure a "certificate of appealability"
before appealing from a habeas or loss in federal dis-
trict court. State and federal prisoners alike thus must sat-
isfy that provision's demands. See ; cf. (re-
quiring identical treatment for certain state- and federal-
prisoner filings). And it should shock no one that Congress
might proceed similarly here and exhibit an intolerance for
do-over claims no matter who seeks to pursue them.8
*
The majority today commits two serious mistakes. First,
in its zeal to resolve a circuit split, the majority asserts ju-
risdiction where we have none. With statutory text and 30
years of case law in this Court and lower courts aligned
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 The government offers two additional theories for Mr. Bowe on the

merits. But the majority pursues neither theory, and rightly so. For one,
the government appears to suggest that subsection (b)(1) never applies
during a court of appeals' certification proceeding for any prisoner -- state
or federal. Only after certification, on this view, may a district court
weed out do-over claims under subsection (b)(1). See Brief for United
States 44 -- 45. But, among other defects, the government's view would
imply that not only (b)(1) but also (b)(2) is inapplicable during certifica-
tion. And, of course, that would render the whole certification process
pointless. For another, the government suggests that, even if
(1)'s do-over bar applies to federal prisoners, that rule does not
apply in this particular case because Mr. Bowe never actually filed a pre-
vious collateral attack containing a Davis claim; he only sought leave to
do so. Reply Brief 10 -- 11. But we did not take this case to address that
case-specific argument, nor did Mr. Bowe himself clearly advance it be-
fore us.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 25

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

against it, the majority bases its claim of jurisdiction on a
new and curiously contoured clear-statement rule that is as
needless as it is unprecedented. Second, and compounding
its jurisdictional overreach, the majority adopts an implau-
sible view on the merits. AEDPA didn't suddenly free fed-
eral prisoners from pre-existing restrictions on do-over
claims. Just the opposite: It imposed additional "carefully
crafted limits" on collateral attacks by federal and state
prisoners alike. Jones, 599 U. S., at 482. And, quite unsur-
prisingly, one of those limits includes an unmistakable and
absolute bar on do-over claims. Because neither of the ma-
jority's innovations are compatible with Congress's direc-
tions in AEDPA, I respectfully dissent.