Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

THOMAS, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
FLORIDA v. CALIFORNIA AND WASHINGTON
ON MOTION FOR LEAVE TO FILE A BILL OF COMPLAINT
No. 162, Orig. Decided May 26, 2026

The motion for leave to file a bill of complaint is denied.
JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE ALITO joins, dis-
senting from the denial of motion for leave to file complaint.
The State of Florida moved for leave to file a complaint
against Washington and California for defying federal law
by providing commercial driver's licenses to illegal aliens
who cannot read English. The result of this practice, Flor-
ida alleges, is the disturbing phenomenon of illegal-alien
truck drivers causing fatal accidents on the road. I respect-
fully dissent from the Court's denial of Florida's motion be-
cause we cannot refuse to hear suits between States.
I
On August 12, 2025, Harjinder Singh crashed a tractor-
trailer into a minivan on the Florida Turnpike. While driv-
ing on the highway, Singh approached a sign clearly pro-
hibiting U-turns and marking the turnaround area for "of-
ficial use only." Singh inexplicably attempted a U-turn
across the median anyway. Singh's U-turn swung his
trailer across both lanes of the highway, where it could not
be avoided by a minivan traveling behind him. All three
passengers in the minivan died. Singh was arrested for ve-
hicular homicide.
Law enforcement soon discovered that Singh, an Indian
who had crossed the Mexican border illegally, likely could
not read the road signs. After the crash, the Federal Motor
Carrier Safety Administration tested Singh's English profi-
ciency: It found that Singh could not correctly answer most
2 FLORIDA v. CALIFORNIA

THOMAS, J., dissenting

of its verbal questions and that he could identify only one
out of four highway signs.
An illegal alien who cannot read English road signs can-
not drive an 80,000-pound tractor-trailer. Federal law and
regulations prohibit States from providing commercial
driver's licenses to applicants unless they pass a driver's
test, sufficiently understand the English language, and
show appropriate immigration status. See 49 U. S. C., 31311; 49 CFR.71, 383.73, 383.111, 391.11
(2024); see also 90 Fed. Reg. 46523 (2025) (to be codified in
49 CFR.71); 91 Fed. Reg. 7102 (2026) (to be codified in
49 CFR.73). Although Singh failed his test at least ten
times in Washington and at least one time in California,
both Washington and California provided Singh with
CDLs.*
Crashes like Singh's are disturbingly common. See Press
Release, Dept. of Transportation, Trump's Transportation
Secretary Sean P. Duffy Puts Safety First, Finalizes Rule
To Stop Unqualified Foreign Drivers From Driving Big Rigs
on American Roadways (Feb. 11, 2026) (collecting exam-
ples). The Department of Transportation seems to partly
attribute this trend to "systemic non-compliance" with fed-
eral CDL standards in several States, including California.
Ibid.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Washington eventually admitted that it had erred when it licensed
Singh. See A. Lockie, Washington Admits Mistake in Issuing Harjinder
Singh and 685 Other Non-Citizens Full-Term CDLs, Overdrive, Oct. 1,
2025; Failed CDL Test 10 Times: New Details on Indian-Origin
Harjinder Singh Who Took Wrong U-Turn in Florida, Killed 3, The
Times of India, Oct. 25, 2025. California, for its part, issued Singh a
nondomiciled CDL, a short-term license for immigrants who lack lawful-
permanent-resident status. Under federal rules as they existed at the
time, Singh had to show a valid work authorization. See 49
CFR.71(a)(5), (b)(9), (f )(2)(i) (2024). California now explains that,
although Singh failed his initial driver's test, it issued the nondomiciled
CDL only after he eventually passed.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

THOMAS, J., dissenting

After Singh's crash, Florida sought permission from this
Court to file a lawsuit against Washington and California
based on how those States provide CDLs to foreign drivers.
Florida claims that Washington and California laws are
preempted by federal law to the extent that they prohibit
licensing officials from asking applicants about immigra-
tion status. Florida also claims that both States' disregard
of federal commercial licensing standards constituted an
actionable public nuisance. According to Florida, enforce-
ment data suggest that neither State is adequately check-
ing CDL holders for English proficiency.
Without explanation, the Court today denies Florida
leave to file its suit and proceed to the motion-to-dismiss
stage.
II
This Court has exclusive original jurisdiction over Flor-
ida's suit because it involves one State suing other States.
Article III establishes that "[i]n all Cases... in which a
State shall be [a] Party, the supreme Court shall have orig-
inal Jurisdiction.", cl. 2. Congress has made our original
jurisdiction "exclusive" in "all controversies between two or
more States," meaning that no other court can hear this
case. 28 U. S. C..
I doubt this Court has discretion to refuse to hear cases
within its exclusive original jurisdiction. "We have no more
right to decline the exercise of jurisdiction which is given,
than to usurp that which is not given." Cohens v. Virginia,
6 Wheat. 264, 404 (1821) (Marshall, C. J., for the Court). "If
this Court does not exercise jurisdiction over a controversy
between two States, then the complaining State has no ju-
dicial forum in which to seek relief." Nebraska v. Colorado,
(2016) (THOMAS, J., dissenting from
denial of motion for leave to file complaint). The only stat-
ute addressing this Court's jurisdiction over these kinds of
cases nowhere contemplates a process of discretionary
4 FLORIDA v. CALIFORNIA

THOMAS, J., dissenting

review. See. Nonetheless, this Court has adopted
a discretionary approach to its exclusive original jurisdic-
tion based on "policy judgments that are in conflict with the
policy choices that Congress made in the statutory text
specifying the Court's original jurisdiction." Id., at 1213.
Thus, both JUSTICE ALITO and I have repeatedly called for
revisiting the Court's precedents in this area. See, e.g.,
Texas v. California, 593 U. S. ___ (2021) (ALITO, J., dissent-
ing from denial of motion for leave to file complaint); Ala-
bama v. California, 604 U. S. ___ (2025) (THOMAS, J., dis-
senting from denial of motion for leave to file complaint).
Even under the Court's discretionary approach, it likely
should have granted Florida leave to file its complaint. The
Court considers two factors: "the nature of the interest of
the complaining State, focusing on the seriousness and dig-
nity of the claim" and "the availability of an alternative fo-
rum in which the issue tendered can be resolved." Missis-
sippi v. Louisiana, (1992) (internal
quotation marks and citation omitted). As to the first fac-
tor, this Court has described as a "model case" a dispute
that "would amount to casus belli if the States were fully
sovereign." Ibid.. In
other words, the Court asks whether the dispute would be
a matter of diplomatic concern in the international arena.
This case appears to meet that standard. A dispute over
one nation sending dangerous people into another "would
be the source of considerable international tension." Texas,
593 U. S., at ___ (opinion of ALITO, J.). If
Florida were an independent nation, it "might resolve [this]
dispute by diplomacy, by submitting it to international ar-
bitration, or by self-help measures." Ibid. By entering the
Union, States agree to instead have such disputes resolved
by this Court. As to the second factor, all appear to agree
that Florida cannot sue Washington and California in any
other forum. Even the Federal Government's enforcement
authority over these matters contemplates judicial review
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

THOMAS, J., dissenting

only in limited circumstances, so it may not result in the
declaration of legal obligations that Florida seeks. See 49
CFR.307(e), 384.405(g).
III
This Court declines to even hear Florida's claims, even
though it has nowhere else to bring them. Because I would
allow Florida to file its complaint, I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE THOMAS delivered the opinion of the Court.
In 1996, Congress enacted the Cuban Liberty and Demo-
cratic Solidarity Act. The Act seeks to deter trafficking in
property that the Cuban Government confiscated from
Americans after the Communist Revolution of 1959. 22
U. S. C. (B), (11). To that end, the Act generally
imposes liability on those who use confiscated property to
which an American entity owns a claim. (1)(A),
6023(13)(A)(i), (ii).
This case concerns whether the Act imposes liability on
four cruise lines that used docks that the Cuban Govern-
ment took from an American company in 1960. Before the
Communist Revolution, petitioner Havana Docks Corpora-
tion built, operated, and held a time-limited property inter-
est in docks at the Port of Havana. After the Communist
Revolution, the Cuban Government seized control of those
docks. Then, between 2016 and 2019, four commercial
cruise lines used those same docks to embark and disem-
bark nearly a million passengers. Havana Docks sued the
cruise lines under the Act and won judgments against each
of them in the District Court.
2 HAVANA DOCKS CORP. v. ROYAL CARIBBEAN
CRUISES, LTD.
Opinion of the Court

The Court of Appeals reversed. In its view, a defendant
is liable for trafficking in confiscated property only if its ac-
tions would have interfered with the plaintiff 's property in-
terest had there been no confiscation. The court held that
the cruise lines were not liable because Havana Docks'
property interest in the docks would have expired before
2016 had the Cuban Government not confiscated the docks.
We disagree. The Act generally makes those who use
property tainted by a past confiscation liable to any United
States national who owns a claim to that property. Havana
Docks did not have to prove that the cruise lines interfered
with a property interest that would have existed in the
counterfactual scenario in which the Cuban Government
did not confiscate it. Instead, Havana Docks had to prove
only that the cruise lines used confiscated property -- such
as the docks -- to which Havana Docks owns a claim. We
therefore vacate the Court of Appeals' decision.
I
A
In 1928, the United States-based Havana Docks Corpo-
ration acquired a property interest, specifically a "usufruc-
tuary concession," that allowed it to develop and operate
dock facilities at the state-owned Port of Havana. A usu-
fruct is a right to use, enjoy, or profit from another's prop-
erty, 2 G. Cabanellas de las Cuevas & E. Hoague, Butter-
worths Spanish/English Legal Dictionary 659 (1991); F.
Moore, The Cyclopedic Law Dictionary 1141 (3d ed. 1940),
and a concession is a privilege granted by the government,
Black's Law Dictionary 361 (rev. 4th ed. 1968). Relying on
this usufructuary concession from the Cuban Government,
Havana Docks completed a large terminal building and
three piers -- which we collectively refer to as the "docks" -- 
at the Port of Havana.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

Havana Docks acquired this property interest with cer-
tain conditions and guarantees. It enjoyed the right to op-
erate and profit from the docks that it completed. Its prop-
erty interest was time-limited and set to expire in 2004.
Havana Docks therefore expected to control, operate, and
profit from the docks for 76 years. At the end of the conces-
sion's term, the Cuban Government would "replace the con-
cessionaire in possession of the works," and Havana Docks'
"enjoyment of it and its proceeds" would come to an end. 1
App. 454 -- 455. The Cuban Government agreed that, if it
"expropriated" the docks before 2004, it "w[ould] compen-
sate [Havana Docks] for the value of all works constructed
by it." Id., at 449.
The Communist Revolution cut Havana Docks' conces-
sion short without that compensation. After Fidel Castro
seized power in 1959, he declared that "it is fundamental
for the liberation and economic development of our country
to liquidate the [American] commercial or industrial enter-
prises" operating in Cuba. Id., at 483. To that end, the new
Cuban Government decreed that it would forcibly take
American "properties and enterprises located" in Cuba, tar-
geting Havana Docks by name. Id., at 483, 487. Under the
decree, government forces seized the docks in 1960 and con-
fiscated "all" of Havana Docks' "assets." Id., at 497 -- 498; see
also id., at 257. These assets included, as relevant here, the
docks that Havana Docks had constructed and its property
interest in those docks. All agree that this action prema-
turely destroyed Havana Docks' concession in 1960 and, by
extension, its ability to benefit from the docks that it built.
Brief for Respondents 21; 119 F. 4th 1276, 1286 (CA11
2024) (opinion below). The Cuban Government has never
compensated Havana Docks for "the taking of its property,"
and it continues to operate parts of the docks to this day.
Id., at 1283.
4 HAVANA DOCKS CORP. v. ROYAL CARIBBEAN
CRUISES, LTD.
Opinion of the Court

Havana Docks filed a claim with the Foreign Claims Set-
tlement Commission. Congress had authorized the Com-
mission to determine "the amount and validity of claims...
for losses resulting from the nationalization, expropriation,
intervention, or other taking of " "any property, right, or in-
terest" by the Cuban Government. 22 U. S. C.,
1643b(a). The Commission concluded that Havana Docks
had "a concession for the construction and operation of " the
docks and "real property with all improvements and appur-
tenances located" at the Port. 1 App. 256 -- 257. It also con-
firmed that "the facilities of the company were physically
occupied by agents of the Cuban Government" and that the
Cuban Government had expropriated Havana Docks' as-
sets. Id., at 257. It therefore certified about $9 million in
losses, plus six percent annual interest. But, despite its cer-
tified losses, Havana Docks lacked any means to obtain
compensation.
B
That began to change in 1996. On February 24 of that
year, Cuban fighter jets shot down two unarmed American
civilian airplanes over international waters. 61 Fed. Reg.
8843 (1996). In response, Congress promptly enacted the
Cuban Liberty and Democratic Solidarity (LIBERTAD) Act
of 1996, 22 U. S. C. et seq. Among other things, the
Act codified the longstanding embargo against Cuba and
set conditions for the normalization of relations between
the two countries., 6061, 6064, 6067(d).
As relevant here, the Act also sought to "deter trafficking
in wrongfully confiscated property.". Congress
found that the Cuban Government had allowed foreign in-
vestors to use confiscated property to secure "badly needed
financial benefit" for the regime, contrary to the American
foreign policy goals of undermining the Castro regime and
compensating United States nationals., (6). Con-
gress further found that the "international judicial system"
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

failed to provide "fully effective remedies... for unjust en-
richment from the use of wrongfully confiscated property by... private entities.". So, in Title III of the Act,
Congress "endowed" American victims of confiscation "with
a judicial remedy in the courts of the United States.".
Under Title III, any entity that "traffics in property which
was confiscated by the Cuban Government on or after Jan-
uary 1, 1959, shall be liable to any United States national
who owns the claim to such property.",
6082(a)(1)(A). Subject to certain exceptions, someone " 'traf-
fics' in confiscated property if " he "knowingly and inten-
tionally" "sells," "purchases," or "uses" the confiscated prop-
erty or "engages in a commercial activity using or otherwise
benefiting from confiscated property" without authorization
from the claimholder. (A)(i), (ii). "Property" in-
cludes "any property," including "real, personal, or mixed,
and any present, future, or contingent right, security, or
other interest therein, including any leasehold interest."
(A). And, "confiscated" refers to the "nationaliza-
tion, expropriation, or other seizure by the Cuban Govern-
ment of ownership or control of property" without compen-
sation, settlement, or return of the property. (A).
To prevail, then, a plaintiff must show that (1) the Cuban
Government confiscated property on or after January 1,
1959; (2) the defendant trafficked in the property, such as
by knowingly and intentionally using it without authoriza-
tion; and (3) the plaintiff is a United States national who
owns a claim to the property.1

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The definition of "traffics" in Title III includes several exceptions, in-

cluding one for "transactions and uses of property incident to lawful
travel to Cuba, to the extent that such transactions and uses of property
are necessary to the conduct of such travel." (B)(iii). These
exceptions are not at issue before this Court. See, infra, at 12.
6 HAVANA DOCKS CORP. v. ROYAL CARIBBEAN
CRUISES, LTD.
Opinion of the Court

An entity that traffics in confiscated property is liable for
"money damages." (1)(A). Those damages are pre-
sumptively equal to the amount certified by the Commis-
sion if the plaintiff has a certified claim.
(1)(A)(i)(I), (2). Title III trebles those damages "if
a United States national owns a claim with respect to that
property which was certified by the" Commission.
(3).
This right of action lay dormant for more than two dec-
ades. The Act authorizes the President to "suspend" the
Title III right of action based on a determination that the
suspension is in the national interest and will "expedite a
transition to democracy in Cuba." (1), (2). Presi-
dents Clinton, Bush, and Obama continuously suspended
the right of action from its effective date onward. But, in
May of 2019, President Trump allowed the suspension to
expire, permitting the right of action to go into effect for the
first time. That policy change exposed traffickers in confis-
cated property of United States nationals to Title III liabil-
ity.
C
From 2016 to 2019, respondents -- Royal Caribbean
Cruises, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings, Carnival Corpo-
ration, and MSC Cruises -- transported nearly a million
paid passengers to Cuba. These cruise lines paid entities
affiliated with the Cuban Government tens of millions of
dollars to do business in Cuba. They collectively earned
hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue from voyages that
included a stop in Havana. As part of this enterprise, their
cruise ships arrived at the docks that Havana Docks built,
where they embarked and disembarked their passengers.
They continued to do so even after receiving notice of Ha-
vana Docks' certified claim to the docks.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

D
Shortly after President Trump allowed the suspension of
the right of action to expire in May 2019, Havana Docks
filed lawsuits against these four cruise lines in the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Florida.
Havana Docks alleged that, between 2016 and 2019, the
cruise lines had trafficked in confiscated property to which
Havana Docks owned a claim.2 The cruise lines did not dis-
pute that they used the docks in question "without the au-
thorization of " Havana Docks. (A). Instead, the
cruise lines argued they are not liable because Havana
Docks' property interest in those docks would have expired
in 2004 even if there had been no confiscation, and the
cruise lines "could not have trafficked in a time-limited con-
cession that expired in 2004." Havana Docks Corp. v. Car-
nival Corp., 592 F. Supp. 3d 1088, 1194 (2022).
The District Court rejected that argument, and, after re-
jecting other defenses not at issue here, entered summary
judgment against all four cruise lines. Id., at 1202 -- 1203.
Because the cruise lines had independently trafficked in the
confiscated property, they were independently liable under
Title III, and the District Court awarded Havana Docks
more than $100 million from each of the cruise lines.
A divided panel of the United States Court of Appeals for
the Eleventh Circuit reversed. It held that the cruise lines
had not trafficked in confiscated property to which Havana
Docks owned a claim. In its view, courts must "view the
property interest at issue in a Title III action as if there had
been no expropriation and then determine whether the al-
leged conduct constituted trafficking in that interest." 119

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 Havana Docks also alleged that Carnival had trafficked in its confis-

cated property from 1996 to 2001, but these allegations are not at issue
here because the Court of Appeals did not address them and instead left
them for the District Court to consider on remand. 119 F. 4th 1276, 1290
(CA11 2024).
8 HAVANA DOCKS CORP. v. ROYAL CARIBBEAN
CRUISES, LTD.
Opinion of the Court

F. 4th, at 1287. Applying that test, it concluded that, be-
cause "any property interest that Havana Docks had by vir-
tue of th[e] concession ended" in 2004, "the cruise lines' con-
duct from 2016 to 2019" would not have constituted
trafficking if there had been no confiscation. Id., at 1288.
Its analysis assumed that Havana Docks had to establish
trafficking in the time-limited property interest that had
permitted it to build and operate the docks.
Judge Brasher dissented. In his view, Havana Docks
could establish liability based on the cruise lines' trafficking
in the underlying physical property, "the docks -- which still
exist, are still in use, and have not expired, ended, or fallen
into the sea." Id., at 1294. And, he explained, the "major-
ity's counterfactual analysis -- asking what would have hap-
pened to Havana Docks' docks if they had not been confis-
cated in 1960 -- is incompatible with the text of the Act." Id.,
at 1291. Instead, the analysis Title III requires here is
"very simple": "The Cuban Government stole Havana
Docks' property -- its docks, piers, and other things that it
had the right to operate under its concession." Id., at 1292.
"And the cruise lines have -- all agree -- commercially bene-
fited by depositing paying customers on those docks and
piers." Ibid. So, "the cruise lines trafficked in confiscated
property to which Havana Docks owns a claim." Ibid.
We granted certiorari. (2025).
II
Title III generally makes any person who "traffics in
property which was confiscated by the Cuban Government... liable to any United States national who owns the claim
to such property." (1)(A). The cruise lines argue
that "[t]he Act demands a one-to-one correspondence be-
tween the property interest confiscated and the property in-
terest trafficked." Brief for Respondents 20. Havana Docks, meanwhile, argues that the Act im-
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

poses liability for trafficking in underlying physical prop-
erty, not just interests in property. Reply Brief 1, 3 -- 5. The
dispute before us thus turns on whether the relevant "prop-
erty which was confiscated" must be Havana Docks' prop-
erty interest in the docks, or whether it could instead be the
docks themselves. We hold that the cruise lines' use of the
docks is sufficient to establish that they used "property
which was confiscated by the Cuban Government."
(1)(A). Havana Docks is not required to establish
that the cruise lines used its property interest.
A
Under the plain text of Title III, "property which was con-
fiscated" can be the physical property in which the plaintiff
had an interest, and not just the interest itself. Title III
makes entities liable for trafficking in "any property... and
any... interest therein" that the Cuban Government con-
fiscated. (A), 6082(a)(1)(A). The Act's definition
of "property" thus makes clear that the Act imposes liability
for trafficking in both the physical property and the prop-
erty interests. Accord, post, at 4 (KAGAN, J., dissenting).
Ordinary meaning reinforces that conclusion. The term
"any property," of course, includes physical things. "Any
external thing over which the rights of possession, use, and
enjoyment are exercised" can be "property." Black's Law
Dictionary 1232 (7th ed. 1999) (Black's). Title III itself pro-
vides examples, including "real" property, (A),
which includes "[l]and and anything... attached to" it, id.,
at 1234, and "personal" property, (A), which in-
cludes movable things, id., at 1233.
This Court has recognized that "property" ordinarily can
refer to physical things in which people can have property
interests. When this Court previously considered Castro's
expropriations, it recognized that "property" can refer to
both physical things and interests in them, noting that the
Cuban Government "nationalize[d] by forced expropriation
10 HAVANA DOCKS CORP. v. ROYAL CARIBBEAN
CRUISES, LTD.
Opinion of the Court

property... in which American nationals had an interest."
Banco Nacional de Cuba v. Sabbatino, 
(1964). For that reason, the Cuban Gov-
ernment could, for example, expropriate "sugar itself " in
addition to, or "rather than," "merely contractual rights" re-
lated to the sugar. Id., at 413.
Construing "property which was confiscated" to refer only
to the plaintiff 's interest in the property would read out of
the Act obvious ways in which people can traffic in confis-
cated property. One traffics, for example, by "us[ing]" con-
fiscated property. (A)(i), (ii). This form of "traf-
ficking" ordinarily concerns things, not property interests:
One uses land or other physical property, but one does not
ordinarily use someone else's property interests. If, for ex-
ample, your car is stolen and the thief lets another drive it,
the other uses your car, but he does not use your property
interest in your car. So, requiring "a one-to-one correspond-
ence between the property interest confiscated and the
property interest trafficked," Brief for Respondents 20 (em-
phasis added), would lead to the surprising result that en-
tities could freely "us[e]" many kinds of confiscated property
without exposure under Title III, contra, (A)(i),
(ii).
This case illustrates the point. The Court of Appeals
agreed that, if the cruise lines had used the docks before
Havana Docks' property interest was set to expire, they
could have been liable under the Act. 119 F. 4th, at 1288,
1290. The dissent seems to agree. Post, at 3 (opinion of
KAGAN, J.). Yet no matter when Havana Docks' property
interest was set to expire, the cruise lines would not have
"used" (or otherwise trafficked in) Havana Docks' conces-
sion. The cruise lines would have "used" -- and trafficked
in -- "the docks" themselves. Ibid. But, the use of the docks
would not be enough for liability on the Court of Appeals'
and the dissent's view. See post, at 4 ("where the only 'prop-
erty' confiscated from the plaintiff is an intangible property
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

interest, the defendant is liable only if he has trafficked in
that interest").
We thus conclude that the relevant "property which was
confiscated" is not limited to the plaintiff 's interest in that
property. "[P]roperty which was confiscated,"
(1)(A), can refer to the physical property in which
the plaintiff had an interest when the Cuban Government
"seiz[ed]... control of " it after January 1, 1959,
(A). Knowingly and intentionally "traffic[king]" in
that physical property by, for example, using it, can lead to
liability under the Act. (A)(i), 6082(a)(1)(A). In
that way, confiscated property is, as it were, tainted -- off
limits -- such that anyone who uses the property can be lia-
ble to those who had an interest in the tainted property.3
B
On that understanding of "property," Havana Docks has
shown that the cruise lines used confiscated property in
which Havana Docks had a property interest and to which
it owns a claim.
The docks are "property which was confiscated."
(1)(A); 119 F. 4th, at 1294 (Brasher, J., dissenting).
Havana Docks has established that the Cuban Government
confiscated those docks without compensation. In 1960, the
Castro regime expropriated American property, specifically
targeting Havana Docks. 1 App. 483, 487. Then, Castro's
forces physically took possession of the docks and expelled
Havana Docks' agents. Id., at 257. The Cuban Government
therefore "seiz[ed]... control of " the docks, (A) -- 
the physical property in which Havana Docks had an inter-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 This is not to say that property interests are irrelevant for Title III.

A plaintiff can argue that the defendant trafficked in a confiscated prop-
erty interest by, for example, purchasing, selling, or transferring the in-
terest. See (A)(i).
12 HAVANA DOCKS CORP. v. ROYAL CARIBBEAN
CRUISES, LTD.
Opinion of the Court

est. It follows that the docks are "property which was con-
fiscated by the Cuban Government" after January 1, 1959.
(1)(A). See also infra, at 13 -- 16.
The cruise lines "use[d]" or "engage[d] in commercial ac-
tivity using" the docks. (A)(i), (ii). It is undis-
puted that when they transported nearly a million paying
passengers to Cuba, the cruise lines "used the docks." Brief
for Respondents 23; see also Tr. of Oral Arg. 72 ("We have
used the docks"). It is likewise undisputed that they did so
"without the authorization of " Havana Docks.
(A). So, if the cruise lines did so knowingly and
intentionally, the cruise lines "traffic[ked] in property" -- 
the docks -- "which was confiscated by the Cuban Govern-
ment." (A)(i), (ii), 6082(a)(1)(A).4
Finally, Havana Docks is a "United States national who
owns the claim" to the confiscated docks.5 (1)(A).
Although a plaintiff need not have a Commission-certified
claim, (2); Brief for Respondents 24, Havana Docks
has such a certified claim, which is "conclusive proof " that
Havana Docks has satisfied this element, (1). The
Commission found that Havana Docks had acquired "a con-
cession for the construction and operation of " the docks and
"the real property with all improvements and appurte-
nances located" at the Port. 1 App. 256 -- 257. And, the Com-
mission found "that the facilities of [Havana Docks] were
physically occupied by agents of the Cuban Government"
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The cruise lines have argued that their use of the docks fell within

the exception to Title III's definition of "traffics" for "uses of property in-
cident to lawful travel," (B)(iii), an argument that the District
Court rejected based on the general ban against travel to Cuba for tourist
activities, see 22 U. S. C. (1). Havana Docks Corp. v. Carnival
Corp., 592 F. Supp. 3d 1088, 1173 -- 1174 (SD Fla. 2022). The Court of
Appeals did not reach this issue because of its primary holding, and we
do not address it here. 119 F. 4th, at 1279,.
5 The Court of Appeals rejected the cruise lines' argument that Havana

Docks is not a United States national within the meaning of the Act, see
id., at 1281, a holding that is not before us here.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

after the Cuban Government had nationalized Havana
Docks' assets in 1960. Id., at 257.
* * *
In sum, the Cuban Government seized control of "prop-
erty" -- the docks that Havana Docks built -- in 1960. At
that point, the docks were tainted as confiscated property,
the "the use of " which the United States sought to "deter.", (11). The cruise lines later used the confiscated
docks -- property to which Havana Docks owns a certified
claim -- when they transported nearly a million passengers
to Cuba between 2016 and 2019. The Court of Appeals
therefore erred in concluding that Havana Docks failed to
establish these requirements for Title III liability.
III
The Court of Appeals' analysis below, as well as the
cruise lines' and dissent's arguments here, conflict with Ti-
tle III's text.
A
The Court of Appeals interpreted the Act to demand a
counterfactual analysis. "[T]he way to give effect to the
statutory language ('traffics in property which was confis-
cated')," the court said, "is to view the property interest at
issue in a Title III action as if there had been no expropria-
tion and then determine whether the alleged conduct con-
stituted trafficking in that interest." 119 F. 4th, at 1287.
This approach rested on the premise that "property"
could refer only to present property interests. But, no "Title
III plaintiff " owns a present property interest "because that
property now belongs to the Cuban Government." Id., at
1286. After all, the Cuban Government expropriated those
property interests in 1960. See 1 App. 483. In order to re-
solve this tension and "give effect" to its understanding of
the statute, the Court of Appeals had to eliminate the "dis-
torting effect of the confiscation" by assuming that there
14 HAVANA DOCKS CORP. v. ROYAL CARIBBEAN
CRUISES, LTD.
Opinion of the Court

had been no confiscation and then asking whether the de-
fendant's use of the property would have interfered with the
owner's property interest absent the confiscation. 119
F. 4th, at 1287 -- 1288. In this case, the court posited a coun-
terfactual scenario in which the Cuban Government "had
never expropriated" Havana Docks' concession and then an-
alyzed the defendants' conduct in that scenario. Id., at
1288. Because the "concession expired in 2004" in this
counterfactual scenario, and Havana Docks would have had
to hand the docks over at that point anyway, the court rea-
soned that the cruise lines' conduct from 2016 to 2019 did
not violate Havana Docks' rights and therefore cannot con-
stitute trafficking under Title III. Ibid.
This counterfactual approach is difficult to understand
and apply. If the approach requires courts to assume that
the original rightsholder retained his legal rights, it would
foreclose liability in cases where the text demands it. Sup-
pose that an American owned land; the Cuban Government
expropriated his property interest in the land; the Cuban
Government transferred the property interest to a com-
pany; and the company sold it to another company. There
should be no doubt that both companies are liable under
Title III for "traffick[ing] in property which was confis-
cated" from an American, (1)(A): the first, by
"sell[ing]" the property interest, and the second, by "pur-
chas[ing]" it, (A)(i). But if, as the Court of Appeals
suggested, we "treat" the property interest "as if the Cuban
Government had never expropriated it," id., at 1288, then
the American would still own it, in which case the other
companies could not have sold or purchased it. It makes
little sense to "determine whether the alleged conduct con-
stituted trafficking in that interest" because the alleged
conduct -- selling and purchasing -- cannot occur in the
counterfactual scenario. Id., at 1287. We decline to adopt
an approach that appears to read out of the Act cases of
trafficking that should be in the heartland of Title III.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

On the other hand, if all that the Court of Appeals meant
is that the Act requires that the defendant traffic in the
same property interest that the plaintiff held, then it still
misunderstood the Act. In that case, the Court of Appeals'
analysis simply rested on the assumption that the relevant
confiscated and trafficked-in "property" must be the plain-
tiff 's original property interest -- here, the usufructuary
concession. Id., at 1287 -- 1288. But, as Judge Brasher ex-
plained, "Havana Docks' theory is that the cruise lines are
using the docks" -- the physical property -- not that they are
using the property interest. Id., at 1294. And, as we have
explained, the Act allows Havana Docks to proceed on that
theory. See supra, at 9 -- 13. This understanding explains
why a cruise line could have been liable under Title III for
using the docks in 1997, 2001, or 2021, even though the
cruise line would not have used Havana Docks' interest in
the docks at any of those times.
Title III is simply an antitrafficking right of action. It
recognizes that the effect of the Cuban Government's expro-
priation was the destruction of the plaintiff 's interest in the
property. See Black's 602 ("expropriation" is a "governmen-
tal taking or modification of an individual's property
rights"); accord, 119 F. 4th, at 1286. It then provides a right
to compensation based on the plaintiff 's former property in-
terest from those who later traffic in the property and
thereby help to support the Communist Cuban Govern-
ment.
B
The cruise lines make an additional argument for affir-
mance. Havana Docks' suit fails, the cruise lines contend,
because "the Cuban government did not confiscate the
docks"; it confiscated only the concession. Brief for Re-
spondents 31. The dissent agrees. Post, at 4 -- 5 (opinion of
KAGAN, J.).
16 HAVANA DOCKS CORP. v. ROYAL CARIBBEAN
CRUISES, LTD.
Opinion of the Court

This assertion would have surprised anyone present in
1960 Havana. As explained, the Act defines "confiscat[ion]"
to include the seizure of "ownership or control of property."
(A). When armed agents physi-
cally occupied the docks facilities, they seized control of the
docks even if "Cuba owned the docks." Post, at 4 (opinion of
KAGAN, J.). Before that seizure, the "concessionaire" -- Ha-
vana Docks -- was "in possession of the works." 1 App. 454;
Brief for Respondents 32. After the seizure, the Cuban Gov-
ernment stopped Havana Docks from operating, using, en-
joying, possessing, or otherwise "control[ling] the [docks]."
Id., at 23. The Cuban Government thereby extinguished
Havana Docks' concession and "physically occupied" the
docks, as the Commission found. 1 App. 257. Those actions
constitute confiscation of the docks under Title III.6
IV
We conclude that the cruise lines used confiscated prop-
erty to which Havana Docks owns the claim. Because the
Court of Appeals concluded otherwise, it did not reach the
cruise lines' remaining arguments against liability. Those
arguments are not before us and we do not address them.
Accordingly, we vacate the judgment of the Court of Ap-
peals and remand for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 The dissent seemingly does not dispute that the Cuban Government

seized control of the docks. See, post, at 4 -- 5. After all, Havana Docks
controlled the docks, then "armed officers" took them over. Post, at 4.
Congress defined "confiscat[ion]" in the statute to include "seizure by the
Cuban Government of... control of property." (A). "When a
statute includes an explicit definition, we must follow that definition."
Tanzin v. Tanvir, (2020) (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). Under the statutory definition, the dissent's theory has the surpris-
ing consequence that it is not "possible" for a landlord to prematurely
seize control of "property it always owned" from a "renter with a lease."
Post, at 2, 5.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 983
_________________

HAVANA DOCKS CORPORATION, PETITIONER v.
ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES, LTD., ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
[May 21, 2026]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE KAVANAUGH
joins, concurring.
I agree with the Court's resolution of the narrow question
before it and join the majority opinion in full. I write to
highlight two issues that the Court does not reach but that
raise significant concerns for remand or in other future Ti-
tle III cases.
First, petitioner's reading of Title III, if adopted, could al-
low it to recover a potentially unlimited amount of money
from an unlimited number of people who use the confiscated
docks at issue. Here, the Foreign Claims Settlement Com-
mission (Commission) certified that, in 1960, petitioner lost
around $9 million from the confiscation of the docks. Ante,
at 4. The District Court determined that, under Title III,
each of the four cruise lines in this case was liable to peti-
tioner for $110 million (after trebling the certified loss plus
more than a half-century's worth of interest, and awarding
additional legal fees and costs).
On petitioner's interpretation of Title III, however, those
awards could be just the beginning. Title III specifies that
"any person that... traffics in property which was confis-
cated by the Cuban Government... shall be liable" for no
less than the value of the claim certified by the Commission,
plus interest. 22 U. S. C. (1)(A)(i). Below, peti-
tioner defended the District Court's awards by arguing, in
2 HAVANA DOCKS CORP. v. ROYAL CARIBBEAN
CRUISES, LTD.
SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

essence, that "any person" really means "each person," so
that each cruise line is liable for the full amount.
If petitioner is correct, then petitioner potentially could
recover $110 million from every person who uses the docks
in any way. Here, petitioner sued four cruise lines who used
the docks, but on its theory, nothing would prevent it from
recovering even more if other cruise lines had used the
docks in the past or if any cruise line uses them again in the
future. Nor would petitioner necessarily be limited to one
recovery against each cruise line. It could possibly seek to
recover the full $110 million against respondents for each
individual cruise; each docking, after all, was potentially an
independent instance of trafficking. See 28 U. S. C.
(defining "commercial activity" to mean "either a
regular course of commercial conduct or a particular com-
mercial transaction or act"); 22 U. S. C. (incorpo-
rating that definition); see also (A)(ii); but see
(1)(A) (appearing to limit plaintiffs to one suit per
"subject matter"). Liability could even theoretically extend
to third-party retailers aboard respondents' ships, mainte-
nance contractors at respondents' dockyards, and even the
nearly one million passengers who paid respondents to sail
to Cuba, all of whom arguably "engage[d] in a commercial
activity using or otherwise benefiting from" the confiscated
docks or "participate[d] in" respondents' commercial activi-
ties. (A)(ii) -- (iii). In short, this limitless reading
of the statute could permit petitioner to recover millions, if
not billions, of dollars over and over again, so long as any-
one continues to make any commercial use of the docks.
It is unlikely that Congress intended for someone who
suffered a finite loss to reap infinite recoveries. Congress
defined "confiscated" property to mean property that was
seized by the Cuban Government "without the property
having been returned or adequate and effective compensa-
tion provided." (A)(i). Congress also created the
Commission and tasked it with assessing the value of
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

claims stemming from the Cuban Government's confisca-
tions and made the Commission-certified value a presump-
tive measure of a Title III plaintiff 's recovery. Ante, at 4, 6;
see (1)(A)(i). That statutory scheme suggests that
Congress intended for the Commission's certification to
supply a benchmark for adequate compensation; it does not
expressly authorize repeatedly recovering the Commission-
certified amount. Furthermore, if the statute is read the
way petitioner suggests, then Title III's remedies could po-
tentially violate the Due Process Clause to the extent that
the statute imposes penalties against individual defend-
ants that are "so severe and oppressive as to be wholly dis-
proportioned to the offense and obviously unreasonable."
St. Louis, I. M. & S. R. Co. v. Williams, -- 67
(1919).
Second, there is a significant question as to whether re-
spondents' conduct fell within a statutory exception to Title
III liability for "transactions and uses of property incident
to lawful travel to Cuba." (B)(iii); see ante, at 5, 12, (declining to address this exception). Indeed,
the Federal Government appears to have previously taken
the position that these cruises were lawful and beneficial to
both Cuba and the United States.
For example, in 2016, President Obama announced at a
joint press conference with Cuban President Raúl Castro
that the United States Government had "removed the last
major hurdle to resuming cruises and ferry service," which
would "mean even more Americans visiting Cuba in the
years ahead and appreciating the incredible history and
culture of the Cuban people."* The Office of Foreign Assets
Control (OFAC), which administers and enforces sanctions
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Remarks by President Obama and President Raúl Castro of Cuba in
a Joint Press Conference, The Obama White House (Mar. 21, 2016),
https://obamawhitehouse. archives. gov / the - press - office / 2016 / 03 / 21/
remarks-president-obama-and-president-raul-castro-cuba-joint-press
(archived at perma.cc/2JA3-NTP7).
4 HAVANA DOCKS CORP. v. ROYAL CARIBBEAN
CRUISES, LTD.
SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

by the United States against Cuba, also granted one re-
spondent a license that specifically authorized "carrier ser-
vices by vessel to, from, or within Cuba in connection with
travel or transportation between the United States and
Cuba." App. 570. OFAC later amended its regulations "to
authorize persons subject to U. S. jurisdiction to provide
carrier services by vessel, without the need for specific li-
censes." 80 Fed. Reg. 56916 (2015). Further, the State De-
partment previously informed petitioner that it would not
bring enforcement actions against respondents because of
"the clear exclusion" from the definition of " 'traffics' " that
shields "transactions and uses of property incident to lawful
travel to Cuba." App. 834.
To be sure, as petitioner argued below, at the same time
the Government made these statements, it also warned re-
spondents that their activities had to comply with any ap-
plicable regulations and could not exceed the scope of the
licenses provided to them. See, e.g., id., at 570 -- 572 (em-
phasizing additional restrictions on cruises); id., at 869 -- 875
(cautionary letter issued by OFAC). Even so, as the United
States explained at argument, "[t]o the extent that Re-
spondents received assurances from appropriate govern-
ment officials that what they were doing was lawful and
authorized," holding them liable for that conduct could
"raise due process concerns." Tr. of Oral Arg. 57 -- 58.
As neither the infinite-recovery issue nor the lawful-
travel issue was fairly included within the question pre-
sented, the Court appropriately does not address either one
here. See this Court's Rule 14.1(a). The Court also cor-
rectly expresses no view as to other issues unaddressed by
the Eleventh Circuit, such as respondents' argument that
petitioner's concession was nonexclusive and limited to
cargo services, Brief for Respondents 34, and respondents'
argument that the Commission's certification violates due
process or the Seventh Amendment, id., at 40 -- 42. To the
extent any of these or other issues remain and are properly
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring

preserved, the Eleventh Circuit should address them in the
first instance on remand.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

KAGAN, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 983
_________________

HAVANA DOCKS CORPORATION, PETITIONER v.
ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES, LTD., ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE ELEVENTH CIRCUIT
[May 21, 2026]

JUSTICE KAGAN, dissenting.
Today the Court misconstrues the Cuban Liberty and
Democratic Solidarity Act to allow plaintiffs to recover for
trafficking in property that was not theirs. Title III of that
Act provides that "any person" that "traffics in property
which was confiscated by the Cuban Government on or af-
ter January 1, 1959, shall be liable to any United States
national who owns the claim to such property." 22 U. S. C.
(1)(A). The majority holds that because four com-
mercial cruise lines used docks in the Port of Havana be-
tween 2016 and 2019, they can be held liable to Havana
Docks Corporation, a U. S. company that built, operated,
and once held a property interest in those docks. That may
seem sensible at first blush. But there is a problem: The
docks are not "property which was confiscated by the Cuban
Government" within the meaning of Title III. Why? Be-
cause the docks belonged to the Cuban Government -- not
Havana Docks -- all along. What Havana Docks owned was
only a property interest allowing it to use those docks for a
specified time. And that time-limited interest expired in
2004 -- more than a decade before the cruise lines ever used
the docks.
The key to getting this case right is understanding the
nature of the property interest that Havana Docks once
held in the docks. In 1905, the Cuban Government granted
2 HAVANA DOCKS CORP. v. ROYAL CARIBBEAN
CRUISES, LTD.
KAGAN, J., dissenting

Compañia del Puerto a 50-year "usufructuary concession"
so that it could build and then operate docks at the Port of
Havana. See 119 F. 4th 1276, 1278, 1281 (CA11 2024). As
the majority explains, a "usufruct" is a "right to use, enjoy,
or profit from another's property" (here, Cuba's property in
the Port), and a "concession" is a "privilege granted by the
government" (here, the Cuban Government). Ante, at 2. So
the deal struck was this: Compañia del Puerto would build
docks for Cuba at the Port and, in exchange, Cuba would let
the company operate those docks for a limited time. Later,
that usufructuary concession was assigned to Havana
Docks and extended to 99 years, meaning that it would ex-
pire in 2004. So Havana Docks' property interest in the
docks, like its predecessor's, was a time-limited one. Before
2004, Havana Docks had a right to make use of the docks,
even though they belonged to Cuba; after 2004, the com-
pany had no right to anything. You might think of Havana
Docks as a renter with a lease set to expire in 2004.
Everyone agrees that Havana Docks did not get all it was
promised. That is because in 1960, 44 years before the con-
cession was to expire, Cuba issued a decree nationalizing
Havana Docks' assets and sent armed agents to physically
occupy the docks. Those actions "prematurely destroyed
Havana Docks' concession" and, "by extension, its ability to
benefit from the docks." Ante, at 3. The Foreign Claims
Settlement Commission confirmed as much, finding that
Cuba had seized from Havana Docks a concession for the
"operation of wharves and warehouses in the harbor of Ha-
vana," which was "to expire in the year 2004," as well as
associated "equipment, furniture and fixtures." App. to Pet.
for Cert. 138a, 141a. The Commission thus certified about
$9 million in losses, plus six percent annual interest. Cuba
has never compensated Havana Docks for that harm.
But the question in this case is not whether Cuba should
pay Havana Docks for depriving it of 44 years of its conces-
sion; the question is instead whether cruise lines using the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

KAGAN, J., dissenting

docks twelve years after the concession's expiration date
are liable to Havana Docks under Title III. And the answer
to that question is no. Recall what the statute says: "[A]ny
person" that "traffics in property which was confiscated by
the Cuban Government on or after January 1, 1959, shall
be liable to any United States national who owns the claim
to such property." (1)(A). The
"property which was confiscated" from Havana Docks is a
time-limited concession. We know that is the "property
which was confiscated" because that is the only property
Havana Docks ever owned -- and thus the only property
Cuba could have confiscated from it. So to hold the cruise
lines liable, Havana Docks must show that they "traf-
fic[ked] in" its time-limited concession. Had the cruise lines
used the docks before 2004, Havana Docks would have a
good argument that they did so. But the cruise lines did not
use the docks until 2016 -- years after Havana Docks' con-
cession was scheduled to expire. Given that fact, the cruise
lines did not "traffic in" the "property which was confis-
cated" from Havana Docks and so are not liable to it under
Title III.
The Court reaches the opposite conclusion because it be-
lieves that the "property which was confiscated" in this case
includes the physical docks themselves. See ante, at 11.
The majority believes that not because it thinks the physi-
cal docks ever belonged to Havana Docks. On the contrary,
the majority acknowledges that Havana Docks' sole "prop-
erty interest was time-limited and set to expire in 2004."
Ante, at 3. But as the majority sees it, when Title III says
"property which was confiscated," it means not just the
property interest that was actually confiscated from the
plaintiff (here, the time-limited concession), but also "the
physical property in which the plaintiff had an interest"
(here, the physical docks). Ante, at 9, 10 -- 11. There are
three related problems with that theory of the case.
4 HAVANA DOCKS CORP. v. ROYAL CARIBBEAN
CRUISES, LTD.
KAGAN, J., dissenting

First, it misreads the statute Congress wrote. Congress
could have imposed liability on "any person" that "traffics
in property in which a United States national held an inter-
est which was confiscated." If so, the majority's result
would follow. But that is not what Title III says. Instead,
the statute imposes liability on "any person" that "traffics
in property which was confiscated," period. (1)(A).
So, where the only "property" confiscated from the plaintiff
is an intangible property interest, the defendant is liable
only if he has trafficked in that interest. Trafficking in the
underlying physical thing is not enough, because doing so
is not trafficking in the "property which was confiscated."
Of course, the majority is right that, by defining "property"
to include both physical things and intangible interests, the
Act "makes clear" that liability can be imposed for traffick-
ing in either. Ante, at 9; see (A) ("The term 'prop-
erty' means any property..., whether real, personal, or
mixed, and any present, future, or contingent right, secu-
rity, or other interest therein, including any leasehold in-
terest"). But that fact does not help the majority's cause. It
means that where the "property" confiscated from the plain-
tiff is a physical thing, liability can attach for trafficking in
that thing. It does not mean (as the majority seems to
think) that where the "property" confiscated from the plain-
tiff is an intangible interest, liability can attach for traffick-
ing in something other than that interest -- that is, in the
underlying physical thing. Always, according to the stat-
ute, trafficking can give rise to liability only when it is in
the actual "property which was confiscated."
Second, the docks are not "property which was confis-
cated by the Cuban Government" because they were not, in
fact, confiscated by the Cuban Government; rather, Cuba
owned the docks all along. True enough that in 1960, the
Cuban Government issued a decree expropriating Havana
Docks' assets and sent armed officers to physically occupy
the docks. That is how Cuba confiscated Havana Docks'
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

KAGAN, J., dissenting

usufructuary concession. But in taking those measures,
Cuba did not somehow confiscate the docks, because the
docks already belonged to Cuba. The majority emphasizes
that the Act defines "confiscat[ion]" to include seizing "con-
trol of property" and argues that Cuba's actions fit that de-
scription because Cuba seized "control" of the docks. See
ante, at 15 -- 16. But nothing in the Act's definition -- more
fully stated, "the nationalization, expropriation, or other
seizure by the Cuban Government of ownership or control
of property, on or after January 1, 1959," (A) -- 
makes it possible for Cuba to confiscate property it always
owned (and Havana Docks never did). The definition's in-
clusion of seizure of "control" just means that Cuba can
"confiscate" property belonging to someone else by seizing
"control" of it, even if ownership does not change hands. So,
for example, if Havana Docks had owned the docks and
Cuba had taken "control" of them without obtaining title,
that would still have counted as "confiscat[ion]." But that
is not what happened here -- because, again, Havana Docks
owned not the docks themselves, but only a time-limited in-
terest in using them.*
Finally, the majority's approach ignores basic principles
of property law. As every first-year law student learns,
"property" is defined by reference not just to spatial bound-
aries, but also to temporal ones. Cf. Tahoe-Sierra Preserva-
tion Council, Inc. v. Tahoe Regional Planning Agency, -- 332 (2002) ("An interest in real property is
defined by the metes and bounds that describe its

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*The majority is wrong to say that this view "has the surprising con-
sequence that it is not 'possible' for a landlord to prematurely seize con-
trol of 'property it always owned' from a 'renter with a lease.' " Ante, at
16,. A landlord could of course prematurely take control of physical
property (say, a house) that he owns but is leasing to a renter. It is just
that, when the landlord does so, what he confiscates is not the house -- 
which he already owns -- but the lease alone, with its scheduled expira-
tion date.
6 HAVANA DOCKS CORP. v. ROYAL CARIBBEAN
CRUISES, LTD.
KAGAN, J., dissenting

geographic dimensions and the term of years that describes
the temporal aspect of the owner's interest.... Both dimen-
sions must be considered if the interest is to be viewed in
its entirety"). Yet the majority inexplicably privileges the
spatial. It is obvious that a plaintiff cannot recover under
Title III for trafficking in property that falls outside its own
property's spatial boundaries. Suppose Havana Docks had
a concession of unlimited duration, but only in the red
dock -- not in the blue dock next to it. Havana Docks could
then recover from a defendant who uses the red dock, but
not from a defendant who uses the blue dock because that
dock lies outside its property interest. And if that is so, why
should it be different when the boundary is temporal, ra-
ther than spatial? Havana Docks had a concession in the
docks until 2004, so it could get compensation from a de-
fendant who used the docks before that date. But just as
Havana Docks could not recover from the user of the blue
dock, so too it should not recover from someone who used
the docks after 2004, when its concession was due to expire.
In either case, the trafficking would be in a thing falling
outside Havana Docks' property interest -- and whether it
falls outside the interest's spatial boundaries, or instead its
temporal ones, should make no difference to the outcome.
At the end of the day, the Court's interpretation of Title
III treats all property interests as if they were perpetual
ones. Like the Eleventh Circuit, I "do not believe that Con-
gress, in enacting Title III, meant to convert property inter-
ests which were temporally limited at the time of their con-
fiscation into fee simple interests in perpetuity such that
the holders of such limited interests could assert trafficking
claims through what Buzz Lightyear called 'infinity and be-
yond.' " 119 F. 4th, at 1287 ). Instead, I
would hold that a plaintiff can recover under Title III only
when the defendant traffics in the actual property that was
confiscated from the plaintiff. Here, that means Havana
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

KAGAN, J., dissenting

Docks' claim should fail, because the cruise lines did not
traffic in Havana Docks' time-limited -- and long-ago ex-
pired -- concession. I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE THOMAS delivered the opinion of the Court.
In 2016, a Taliban operative working for respondent
Fluor Corporation, a military contractor, carried out a sui-
cide-bomb attack at Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan. After
then-Army Specialist Winston T. Hencely confronted him,
the bomber detonated his suicide vest. As a result of the
injuries he received, Hencely is now permanently disabled.
In an effort to recover damages for his injuries, Hencely
sued Fluor, bringing state-law tort claims for negligently
retaining and supervising the attacker. According to
Hencely and the United States military, Fluor's conduct
was not authorized by the military and even violated in-
structions the military had given it as a condition of oper-
ating on the base.
Fluor argues that federal law preempts Hencely's suit.
But, no statute or constitutional provision expressly does
so. And, our precedent suggests that state law is generally
not preempted when the "contractor could comply with both
its contractual obligations" to the military and state law -- 
unlike when the state-imposed duty "is precisely contrary
to the duty imposed by the Government contract." Boyle v.
2 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

Opinion of the Court

United Technologies Corp., (1988). How-
ever, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit held that federal law preempts Hencely's suit based on
a different rule: During wartime, all state-law claims
against military contractors under military command aris-
ing out of combatant activities are preempted regardless of
whether any conflict exists between the military's instruc-
tions and state law. 120 F. 4th 412, 426 (2024). We disa-
gree. The preemption rule on which the Fourth Circuit re-
lied lacks any foundation in the Constitution, federal
statutes, or our precedents.
I
A
Hencely, a former Army specialist, was seriously injured
in a Taliban suicide attack on Veteran's Day 2016 at
Bagram Airfield, then the largest U. S. base in Afghani-
stan. Hencely saw the perpetrator, Taliban operative Ah-
mad Nayeb, as Nayeb was walking toward a Veteran's Day
5K race. When Hencely attempted to question him, Nayeb
detonated his suicide vest. The explosion killed 5 and
wounded 17. Hencely, then just 20 years old, suffered a
fractured skull and brain injuries. The Army concluded
that Hencely's intervention "likely prevent[ed] a far greater
tragedy." App. to Pet. for Cert. 156.
Nayeb worked as a "Local National" contractor at
Bagram as part of the military's "Afghan First" program.
120 F. 4th, at 418. That program sought to stimulate the
local economy and stabilize the Afghan Government by re-
quiring contractors to hire Afghans " 'to the maximum ex-
tent possible.' " Ibid. The military interviewed and
screened potential employees. During this process, it
learned that Nayeb had been involved with the Taliban in
the past. Nonetheless, it approved him for employment.
After this approval, Fluor's subcontractor hired Nayeb to
work in the base's nontactical vehicle yard. The Army's
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

contract with Fluor made it " 'responsible for oversight of
[its] personnel or Subcontractors to ensure compliance with
all terms of the' " contract. Id., at 419. Fluor was also re-
quired to comply with base-security policies. Under the
"Bagram Airfield Badge, Screening, and Access Policy," all
nonuniformed personnel, including Nayeb, were assigned a
color-coded badge. Ibid. The policy required that Fluor es-
cort red-badge holders like Nayeb in all areas of the base
except at their work sites and maintain " 'constant view' of
them." Id., at 419 -- 420.
The Army's investigation found Fluor primarily respon-
sible for the attack. Interviews of Fluor personnel "re-
veal[ed] a poor understanding by Fluor supervisors as to
who was responsible for Nayeb's supervision" and "an un-
reasonable complacency by Fluor to ensure Local National
employees were properly supervised at all times, as re-
quired by their contract." App. to Pet. for Cert. 171. The
Army also concluded that Fluor failed to impose adequate
disciplinary measures on Nayeb, who slept on the job and
was absent from his work area without justification, even
though these were grounds for firing him. Fluor's lax su-
pervision, the Army's report continued, allowed Nayeb to
check out tools that he did not need for his job and that he
used to make the bomb inside Bagram. And, Fluor "was...
deficient in [its] performance of executing and supervising
escort duties" when employees like Nayeb left their work
stations to leave the base. Id., at 174. Instead of escorting
Nayeb to the base exit at the end of his shift, Fluor relied
on a sign-out system administered by another Afghan em-
ployee, in violation of the base's badge policies. The report
found that this lax supervision "enabled Nayeb to go unde-
tected" for nearly an hour on the day of the attack and to
walk at liberty throughout the base until Hencely con-
fronted him. Id., at 176. In sum, the report concluded that
"the primary contributing factor" to the attack was "Fluor's
4 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

Opinion of the Court

complacency and its lack of reasonable supervision of its
personnel." Id., at 158.
B
Hencely sued Fluor and its subsidiaries in the United
States District Court for the District of South Carolina,
where two Fluor subsidiaries are located. Hencely brought
claims under South Carolina law for negligent supervision,
negligent entrustment of tools, and negligent retention of
an employee. Following Circuit precedent, the District
Court entered summary judgment for Fluor. 554 F. Supp.
3d 770, 774 (2021). Under that precedent, suits against mil-
itary contractors arising out of combatant activities are
generally preempted. See In re KBR, Inc., Burn Pit Litiga-
tion, 744 F. 3d 326, 349, 351 (CA4 2014).
The Fourth Circuit affirmed under this "battlefield
preemption" doctrine. 120 F. 4th, at 418, 430. According to
the Fourth Circuit, " '[d]uring wartime, where a private ser-
vice contractor is integrated into combatant activities over
which the military retains command authority, a tort claim
arising out of the contractor's engagement in such activities
shall be preempted.' " In re KBR, 744 F. 3d, at 349 ). The
court reasoned that the Federal Tort Claims Act's combat-
ant-activities exception, which preserves the Federal Gov-
ernment's immunity against claims "arising out of the com-
batant activities of the military" during wartime, 28
U. S. C., also reflects a congressional intent to bar
all tort suits against contractors connected with those com-
batant activities. On the Fourth Circuit's view, state-law
tort suits cannot proceed even when the contractor is al-
leged to have violated its instructions from the military.
We granted Hencely's petition for a writ of certiorari to
decide whether a state-law suit premised on a military con-
tractor's activities in a war zone is preempted even when
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

the contractor was not required or authorized to take the
action at issue. (2025).
II
Neither the Constitution nor any federal statute supports
the Fourth Circuit's broad rule. Nor does the Court's opin-
ion in Boyle support preemption in this case.
A
The Supremacy Clause provides that the Constitution,
federal statutes, and treaties are "the supreme Law of the
Land;... any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any
State to the Contrary notwithstanding." Art. VI, cl. 2.
"[W]hen a regulated party cannot comply with both federal
and state directives, the Supremacy Clause tells us the
state law must yield." Martin v. United States, (2025). But, "[t]here is no federal pre-emption in
vacuo, without a constitutional text or a federal statute to
assert it." Puerto Rico Dept. of Consumer Affairs v. ISLA
Petroleum Corp., (1988). Instead, "the
federal restrictions or rights that are said to conflict with
state law must stem from either the Constitution itself or a
valid statute enacted by Congress." Kansas v. Garcia, (2020).
Fluor has not identified any provision of law expressly
preempting Hencely's suit. No constitutional provision
says it is preempted, and neither the Fourth Circuit nor
Fluor suggests otherwise. Nor does any federal statute
preempt this suit. Fluor cites only the FTCA's combatant-
activities exception, which, this Court has ex-
plained, does not apply to suits against federal contractors,
see United States v. Orleans, -- 814 (1976)
; accord, post, at 15 (ALITO, J., dissenting).
B
Without any constitutional or statutory text expressly
supporting preemption, the Fourth Circuit, like the D. C.
6 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

Opinion of the Court

Circuit before it, resorted to our precedent in Boyle. 120
F. 4th, at 425 -- 426; see also Saleh, 580 F. 3d, at 5. Accord-
ing to the Fourth Circuit, Boyle requires preemption of all
claims against contractors engaged in combatant activities
under the military's command authority. 120 F. 4th, at
425 -- 426. For its part, the Government asserts that an ac-
tion is preempted if it "arises from both combatant activi-
ties and a contractor's actions within the scope of its con-
tract." Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 28. Our
precedents do not support either rule.
To start, Boyle does not squarely govern. It concerned the
performance of a procurement contract, not a performance
contract, and the combatant-activities exception was not at
issue. Accord, post, at 16 -- 17 (opinion of ALITO, J.). But,
regardless, its reasoning does not support the Fourth Cir-
cuit's preemption rule.
Under our precedents, Boyle explained, "a few areas, in-
volving 'uniquely federal interests,' are so committed by the
Constitution and laws of the United States to federal con-
trol that state law is pre-empted and replaced, where nec-
essary, by federal law," fashioned by federal courts in the
absence of congressional action. 487 U. S., at 504 ; citation omitted); see, e.g., Clearfield Trust
Co. v. United States, -- 367 (1943); United
States v. Kimbell Foods, Inc., -- 729 (1979).
In those rare areas of "uniquely federal interest," the Court
has held state law preempted when there is a "significant
conflict" between "an identifiable federal policy or interest
and the [operation] of state law," or when "specific objec-
tives" of federal legislation would be frustrated. Boyle, 487
U. S., at 505, 507. This
Court has emphasized the narrowness of this doctrine,
which will rarely apply when "litigation is purely between
private parties and does not touch the rights and duties of
the United States." Bank of America Nat. Trust & Sav.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

Assn. v. Parnell, (1956); see Boyle, 487
U. S., at 506.
In Boyle, the conflict between federal interests and state
law was particularly sharp. There, a Marine helicopter pi-
lot drowned after a crash during a training exercise. Id., at
502. The pilot's father sued the manufacturer of the heli-
copter, alleging that, under state tort principles, the escape
hatch for the helicopter should have opened inward even
though the federal procurement contract for the helicopter
required that it open outward. Id., at 503.
To assess preemption of that suit, the Court first identi-
fied a " 'uniquely federal' interest" in the "the civil liabilities
arising out of the performance of federal procurement con-
tracts." Id., at 505 -- 506. After all, the Court reasoned, in
Yearsley v. W. A. Ross Constr. Co., (1940), the
Court had rejected "an attempt by a landowner to hold a
construction contractor liable under state law" for eroding
land in the course of constructing dikes for the Government.
Boyle, 487 U. S., at 506. There was "no basis for a distinction," Boyle explained,
between a contractor's fulfillment of a performance contract
like the one in Yearsley and a contractor's faithful execution
of a procurement contract for helicopters. 487 U. S., at 506.
Boyle was clear that the identification of a uniquely fed-
eral interest "does not, however, end the inquiry." Id., at
507. Instead, this Court's precedents require "a significant
conflict... between an identifiable federal policy or interest
and the operation of state law." Ibid. (internal quotation
marks and alterations omitted).
To craft a rule of decision for suits against federal pro-
curement contractors, Boyle turned to the FTCA, which pre-
serves the Federal Government's sovereign immunity
against a claim "based upon the exercise or performance or
the failure to exercise or perform a discretionary function
or duty,". See id., at 511. Because the Federal
Government cannot be sued for exercising its discretion to
8 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

Opinion of the Court

select helicopter designs, the Court concluded that "state
law which holds Government contractors liable for design
defects in military equipment does in some circumstances"
require displacement. Id., at 512. But even then, not all
tort suits arising out of design defects in federally procured
equipment are preempted. The Court instead adopted a
three-part test requiring preemption if (1) the United
States approved precise specifications; (2) the equipment
conformed to them; and (3) the supplier warned the United
States about the dangers the specifications entailed. Ibid.
Under this approach, many suits are not preempted. For
example, there would generally be no preemption when the
procured equipment was a stock model, or when the Gov-
ernment's specifications were silent as to the complained-of
defect in the product. Id., at 509. And, the Court explained
that preemption of all suits by military personnel against
procurement contractors would be "too broad" a preemption
rule because it would bar suits even when the Government
did not instruct the contractor to produce equipment with
the challenged feature. Id., at 510.
Boyle's reasoning contradicts the Fourth Circuit's analy-
sis. Boyle addressed "a special circumstance" in which the
contractor has a defense because "the government has di-
rected a contractor to do the very thing that is the subject
of the claim." Correctional Services Corp. v. Malesko, (2001). Hencely sued Fluor for conduct
that, we assume (as the Fourth Circuit did), was not au-
thorized by, but was even contrary to, federal instructions.
See 120 F. 4th, at 430. Fluor does not dispute that military
officials found it to have failed in its contractual obligations.
It also does not dispute that the Army found this failure to
be a cause of Hencely's injuries. Even granting that there
is a "uniquely federal interest" in the regulation of military
bases overseas, there would be no "significant conflict" be-
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

tween that interest and state-law negligence liability prem-
ised on a contractor's departure from military instructions.
Boyle, 487 U. S., at 507.
An example Boyle gave confirms that Boyle does not jus-
tify the Fourth Circuit's rule. The Court thought it clear
that in a case in which the Government asks a contractor
for a certain result, and the contractor is sued for how it
achieved that result, the suit is not preempted if the Gov-
ernment was silent about the conduct that allegedly vio-
lated state law:
"If, for example, the United States contracts for the
purchase and installation of an air-conditioning unit,
specifying the cooling capacity but not the precise man-
ner of construction, a state law imposing upon the man-
ufacturer of such units a duty of care to include a cer-
tain safety feature would not be a duty identical to
anything promised the Government, but neither would
it be contrary. The contractor could comply with both
its contractual obligations and the state-prescribed
duty of care. No one suggests that state law would gen-
erally be pre-empted in this context." Id., at 509.
The contract at issue in this case is "like the one for the
hypothetical air conditioner, not the helicopter." Saleh, 580
F. 3d, at 22 (Garland, J., dissenting). The Fourth Circuit
did not conclude "that the government required or author-
ized the contractor personnel at [Bagram Airfield] to do
what state law forbids," and Boyle cannot be read to "pro-
tect a contractor from liability resulting from the contrac-
tor's violation of federal... policy." 580 F. 3d, at 22 -- 23.
The Government required Fluor to hire Afghan employees
and to provide logistics for Bagram Airfield. But, it did not,
Hencely contends, require Fluor to leave Nayeb unsuper-
vised, allow him to walk alone for an hour after his shift, or
permit him to obtain unauthorized tools with which he
10 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

Opinion of the Court

could build a bomb. Instead, on each score, the Army con-
cluded that Fluor failed express duties to the Government.
Given this, Hencely's suit premised on Fluor's negligence in
carrying out those duties is, under Boyle's reasoning, not
preempted just as the hypothetical claims about the air-
conditioner would not be preempted.
None of this should come as a surprise to Fluor under ex-
isting statutes and regulations. "Congress knows full well
how to make its intention to preclude private liability
known." Saleh, 580 F. 3d, at 26 (Garland, J., dissenting).
Congress gave some contractors express protection from
suits related to their activities. 42 U. S. C., (g)
(channeling suits against employees at certain federally
funded health centers); 50 U. S. C. (providing the
same for contractors carrying out an atomic weapons test-
ing program). And, in the Defense Base Act, Congress
channeled claims by contractors' employees to an adminis-
trative process, see 42 U. S. C., (c), but did not do
the same for suits by soldiers on military bases. Moreover,
the Government advised Fluor that it would not have a
blanket defense based on its status as a military contractor.
See Saleh, 580 F. 3d, at 27 (Garland, J., dissenting). Before
the suicide attack that injured Hencely, the Department of
Defense responded to concerns that its regulations "may
lead courts to deny contractors certain defenses in tort liti-
gation." 73 Fed. Reg. 16767 (2008). The Department ob-
served that courts generally "absolv[e] contractors of liabil-
ity to third parties where the Government carried ultimate
responsibility for the operation." Ibid. But, beyond that
context, the Department warned, contractors must "re-
search host nation laws and proposed operating environ-
ments" because existing law held "contractors accountable
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

for the negligent or willful actions of their employees, offic-
ers, and subcontractors."1 Id., at 16768. The Department
explained that Boyle did not protect nonprocurement con-
tractors and that contractors should not expect "to avoid ac-
countability to third parties for their own actions by raising
defenses based on the sovereignty of the United States." 73
Fed. Reg. 16768.
C
Since Boyle did not reach this case, the Fourth Circuit
expanded it. " 'In the context of the combatant activities
exception,' " it observed, " 'the relevant question is not so
much whether the substance of the federal duty is incon-
sistent with a hypothetical duty imposed by the state.' "
120 F. 4th, at 429. Instead, the court reasoned, "it is the imposition
per se of the state... tort law that conflicts with the federal
policy of eliminating" state regulation of the military during
wartime. 120 F. 4th, at 429.
That test sweeps too broadly. The FTCA's combatant-
activities exception forecloses suits "arising out of the com-
batant activities of the military or naval forces, or the Coast
Guard." 28 U. S. C.. Like the
discretionary-function exception on which Boyle relied, the
combatant-activities exception protects the Government's
decisionmaking. Accordingly, the Fourth Circuit seems to
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The Department of Defense therefore did not share the dissent's

alarm at the prospect of military contractors' being subject to foreign
law. Post, at 13 -- 14, and nn. 5 -- 7. In fact, American courts have long
decided cases relying on foreign law. See, e.g., Animal Science Prod-
ucts, Inc. v. Hebei Welcome Pharmaceutical Co., -- 41
(2018); Canada Malting Co. v. Paterson S. S., Ltd., -- 
422 (1932). Regardless, the issue is academic here, as both sides in-
voked South Carolina law in this case, and, in the Fourth Circuit,
Fluor did not "provid[e] any indication... how the outcome would be
different under Afghan law." 120 F. 4th 412, 424,. (2024).
12 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

Opinion of the Court

have recognized that the relevant federal interest is "fore-
closing state regulation of the military's battlefield conduct
and decisions." In re KBR, 744 F. 3d, at 350. But, even assuming such an interest can preempt
state law, "[n]o significant conflict exists between that in-
terest and state law unless the challenged action can rea-
sonably be considered the military's own conduct or deci-
sion and the operation of state law would conflict with that
decision." Badilla v. Midwest Air Traffic Control Serv., Inc.,
8 F. 4th 105, 128 (CA2 2021).
The Fourth Circuit's decision not only extended, but con-
tradicted, Boyle. Boyle created a defense for contractors
only insofar as the suit challenged a decision of the Govern-
ment that the contractor merely carried out. A conflict even
with the new "uniquely federal interest" the lower courts
have identified in military operations, then, would have to
emerge from a state-law suit challenging the military's de-
cisions on the battlefield. The Fourth Circuit did not ask
that question. To the contrary, it expressly concluded that
resolving Hencely's claims under South Carolina law would
not require "evaluat[ing] the reasonableness of military
judgments." 120 F. 4th, at 424; contra, post, at 12 (opinion
of ALITO, J.). But, it went on to find preemption in any case
because it thought that the Government's " 'interest in com-
bat is always precisely contrary to the imposition of a non-
federal tort duty.' " 120 F. 4th, at 426. Boyle's rationale justifies
no such blanket preemption.
D
Perhaps sensing this, Fluor and the Government argue
that, even without Boyle, the Constitution's structure im-
plicitly preempts any suit against a military contractor op-
erating in a combat zone. See Brief for Respondents 30 -- 33;
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 30. This argu-
ment has no basis in the text of the Constitution or our prec-
edent.
All acknowledge that the Federal Government has
" 'broad and sweeping' " war powers. Rumsfeld v. Forum for
Academic and Institutional Rights, Inc., -- 
59 (2006) ). The Constitution assigns Congress the power
to "declare War," "raise and support Armies," "provide and
maintain a Navy," and "make Rules for the Government
and Regulation of the land and naval Forces." Art. I, cls. 11 -- 13. The President is the "Commander in Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States" and militias in
federal service. Art. II, cl. 1. States, for their part, may
not "engage in War, unless actually invaded." Art. I, cl. 3.
But, the Constitution's grant of war powers does not im-
ply that courts must reject any tort claim connected to a war
zone, as the Fourth Circuit's rule requires.2 See 120 F. 4th,
at 429. The assignment of those powers to Congress and
the Executive has never been understood to bar all war-
related tort suits. To the contrary, barring other statutory
or constitutional considerations, plaintiffs have been able to
enforce their legal rights even when they are violated dur-
ing war. Only a few years after the adoption of the Consti-
tution, the Court addressed the case of Captain Little, com-
mander of a United States frigate. Little v. Barreme, 2
Cranch 170 (1804) (Marshall, C. J.). Captain Little acted
on the Secretary of the Navy's orders and seized a Danish
vessel for violating American neutrality laws during the
Quasi-War with France. Id., at 176 -- 178. The Court found

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The dissent does not appear to disagree. See post, at 17. Nor does it

defend the preemption rule applied below, even while it would find
preemption on other grounds.
14 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

Opinion of the Court

that the orders exceeded the President's statutory author-
ity and held that "Captain Little then must be answerable
in damages to the owner of this neutral vessel" despite a
seizure "with pure intention" to carry out U. S. military pol-
icy. Id., at 179. In Mitchell v. Harmony, 13 How. 115
(1852), Colonel Mitchell seized property in Mexico during
the Mexican-American war that belonged to an American
merchant traveling with the military in the war zone. Id.,
at 129 -- 130. The merchant sued, and the Court affirmed
the tort judgment against Colonel Mitchell. Id., at 137. As
this history shows, the mere fact that the conduct here oc-
curred overseas in a warzone perhaps makes this a good
case for Congress to intervene, but it does not give courts a
license to bar all such suits on their own authority.3
Nor is Fluor protected from the consequences of its con-
duct simply because it was working for the Federal Govern-
ment and state law is at issue. "[T]here is an implied con-
stitutional immunity of the national government from state
taxation and from state regulation of the performance, by
federal officers and agencies, of governmental functions."
Penn Dairies, Inc. v. Milk Control Comm'n of Pa., (1943). For example, States ordinarily cannot "di-
rectly regulate or discriminate against" federal officers and
agencies. United States v. Washington, 
(2022); see also McCulloch v. Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316, 436 -- 
437 (1819). "But those who contract to furnish supplies or
render services to the government are not such agencies
and do not perform governmental functions." Penn Dairies,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The dissent observes that these decisions applied the "bygone" federal

general common law before the Court declared that "[t]here is no federal
general common law" in Erie R. Co. v. Tompkins, (1938);
they did not apply state law. Post, at 18. We fail to see the relevance of
this distinction. The pre-Erie "federal general common law" would have
been subject to structural constitutional law just as state law is today.
So, if the Constitution foreclosed tort claims arising from wartime activ-
ities under the rule that Fluor urges, these suits would have been barred
regardless of the source of the tort principles they relied on.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

Opinion of the Court

318 U. S., at 269. Accordingly, absent a statute to the con-
trary, States can regulate or tax federal contractors on the
same terms as any private company, even where the party
asserts an indirect burden on federal activities. See, e.g.,
James Stewart & Co. v. Sadrakula, (1940)
(allowing state labor-law liability against a contractor con-
structing a federal building); James v. Dravo Contracting
Co., -- 161 (1937) (upholding a tax imposed
on a federal contractor despite a constitutional objection
that doing so would burden the Federal Government by in-
creasing its costs).
The Court has not hesitated to apply this principle in the
military context. In Penn Dairies, the Court allowed a state
milk-price regulation to apply to a military contractor
providing milk to soldiers on a military base during the Sec-
ond World War. 318 U. S., at 266 -- 267, 278 -- 279. The con-
tractor argued that applying the regulations to its military
contracting operations was unconstitutional, because Con-
gress alone has the power to raise and support armies, and
the regulation interfered with the exercise of that power.
Id., at 268 -- 269; see Art. I, cl. 12. The Court rejected
that argument. It explained that while Congress's enumer-
ated powers enable it to "declare state regulations like" the
one at issue "inapplicable to sales to the government," the
state law was not preempted because the Court could not
"find in Congressional legislation... any disclosure of a
purpose to immunize government contractors from local
price-fixing regulations which would otherwise be applica-
ble." 318 U. S., at 269, 278.
Instead, without a federal statute, contractors ordinarily
have a constitutional defense only when the contractor is
being sued precisely for accomplishing what the Federal
Government requested. In Yearsley, a contractor, acting
under military orders, built dikes on the Missouri River and
"washed away a part of petitioners' land" as a result. 309
U. S., at 19. The landowners sued and secured a judgment
16 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

Opinion of the Court

against the contractor. Id., at 20. This Court reversed. The
Court explained that "if th[e] authority to carry out the pro-
ject was validly conferred... there is no liability on the part
of the contractor for executing its will." Id., at 20 -- 21. But,
by its own terms, Yearsley was limited: "The Court con-
trasted with Yearsley cases in which a Government agent
had 'exceeded his authority' or the authority 'was not val-
idly conferred'; in those circumstances, the Court said, the
agent could be held liable for conduct causing injury to an-
other." Campbell-Ewald Co. v. Gomez, 
(2016). Because Fluor
is alleged to have acted outside the authority the military
granted it, it does not attempt to invoke a Yearsley defense.
And, we decline to extend Yearsley to bar allegations such
as Hencely's.
III
The Fourth Circuit's decision held Hencely's claims
preempted even though the conduct complained of was nei-
ther ordered nor authorized by the Federal Government.
No provision of the Constitution and no federal statute jus-
tifies that preemption of the State's ordinary authority over
tort suits. Nor does any precedent of this Court command
such a result. Therefore, we vacate the judgment of the
Fourth Circuit and remand the case for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

ALITO, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 924
_________________

WINSTON TYLER HENCELY, PETITIONER v. FLUOR
CORPORATION, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT
[April 22, 2026]

JUSTICE ALITO, with whom THE CHIEF JUSTICE and
JUSTICE KAVANAUGH join, dissenting.
May a State regulate security arrangements on a military
base in an active warzone? May state judges and juries
pass judgment on questions that are inextricably tied to
military decisions that balance war-related risks against
long-term strategic objectives? In my judgment, the answer
to these questions must be "no," and for that reason, this
state-law tort case is preempted by the Constitution's grant
of war powers exclusively to the Federal Government.
The event that gave rise to this case was a tragic break-
down in security at Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan in 2016,
when the United States military was engaged in combat in
that theater. Ahmad Nayeb, an Afghan national employed
to work on the base, detonated a suicide bomb that killed 3
U. S. soldiers and 2 civilians and injured 17 others.
In the years before this event, Taliban supporters repeat-
edly attacked Bagram, but the military nevertheless de-
cided for strategic reasons to adopt a policy known as "Af-
ghan First," which required contractors working on the
base to maximize the employment of Afghans. Under that
policy, military officials vetted Nayeb, a former Taliban
member, and cleared him to work on the base. Giving a
person with Nayeb's background regular access to Bagram
presented an obvious risk, but the decisionmakers
2 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

ALITO, J., dissenting

apparently concluded that long-term foreign policy and de-
fense objectives justified that danger. As a result, a subcon-
tractor for Fluor Corporation, a defense contractor engaged
in work on the base, employed Nayeb. Fluor had responsi-
bility for supervising Nayeb's conduct, and Fluor allegedly
failed to provide adequate supervision.
Among those injured when Nayeb detonated his bomb
was petitioner, former Army Specialist Winston Tyler
Hencely, who suffered severe and permanent injuries.
Barred by sovereign immunity from suing the Federal Gov-
ernment, petitioner brought this diversity suit against
Fluor and asserted tort claims under South Carolina law.
Like all members of the military wounded in the service of
our country, petitioner deserves a full measure of support
from the American people, who owe him a debt that can
never be fully repaid. But this state-law tort suit is not the
way to give petitioner what he is due.
Under the Constitution, the power to make war and con-
duct combat operations is entrusted exclusively to Congress
and the President. See Art. I, cls. 1, 11 -- 16; Art. II, cl. 1, cl. 1. The Constitution expressly excludes the
States from this field, Art. I, cl. 3, and thus no state
law, including state tort law, may intrude on the Federal
Government's authority over combat-related operations.
This suit violates that cardinal principle. Among other
concerns, the trial proceedings that will result from today's
decision are likely to implicate the Government's policy de-
cisions about the operation of Bagram Airfield during the
War on Terror. Fluor has stated that it will attempt to as-
sign blame for the bombing to the military. In doing so,
Fluor is likely to challenge the military's decision to give
Nayeb access to the base in the first place, as well as the
sufficiency of the military's periodic reassessments of his
trustworthiness. And to support this defense, Fluor may
demand discovery of sensitive Government documents and
may depose and cross-examine military commanders about
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

ALITO, J., dissenting

policy decisions that involved a delicate and contestable
balancing of wartime interests. In the end, a jury may be
asked to decide whether petitioner's injuries were caused
by the negligence or bad judgment of military decisionmak-
ers and the officers responsible for the operation of the base.
And to make matters worse, there is a possibility that the
case will be decided under the principles of Afghan law in
effect in 2016, even though simply ascertaining those prin-
ciples would be a daunting task.
Because petitioner's state-law claims intrude on the Fed-
eral Government's exclusive power to make war and con-
duct combat operations, the Constitution preempts them.
I
A
The Constitution makes federal law the "supreme Law of
the Land," Art. VI, cl. 2, and over the years, this Court has
identified a variety of circumstances in which federal law
preempts state law. In this case, the opinion of the Court
stresses the two situations in which preemption is most ev-
ident: where a federal law expressly preempts state law and
where it is impossible for a regulated party to comply with
both federal and state law. See ante, at 1, 5. But these two
categories do not constitute an exhaustive list. Our prece-
dents squarely establish that the Constitution and other
federal laws may also impliedly preempt state law. Kansas
v. Garcia, -- 203 (2020). And most perti-
nent here, we have long recognized that federal law
preempts state laws that intrude on the powers that the
Constitution confers exclusively on the Federal Govern-
ment, as well as laws that substantially interfere with the
operation of the Federal Government's organs or the work
of federal officers.
Our decisions in this vein began at least as early as
McCulloch v. Maryland, 4 Wheat. 316 (1819), where the
Court held that Maryland could not tax the Second Bank of
4 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

ALITO, J., dissenting

the United States. Writing for the Court, Chief Justice
Marshall noted that some powers, including control over
federal instrumentalities like the Bank, belong exclusively
to the Federal Government. Id., at 429. Thus, Maryland
could not control the Bank, and because the power to tax
could be used to control -- and indeed destroy -- the Bank,
the State could not tax it. Id., at 431. Chief Justice Mar-
shall stated the holding of the Court in unequivocal terms:
"[T]he States have no power, by taxation or otherwise, to
retard, impede, burden, or in any manner control, the oper-
ations of the constitutional laws enacted by Congress to
carry into execution the powers vested in the general gov-
ernment." Id., at 436. That principle doomed Maryland's
tax even though no provision of federal law expressly
preempted the state law and even though the Court did not
suggest that the Bank was incapable of paying the tax. Ra-
ther, the Court inferred the preemptive effect of federal law
from the structure of the Constitution. See id., at 430 -- 431.
Five years later, the Court's decision in another land-
mark case involving the Second Bank of the United States
reaffirmed the principle of implied preemption recognized
in McCulloch. Writing for the Court in Osborn v. Bank of
United States, 9 Wheat. 738 (1824), Chief Justice Marshall
explained that some state incursions into federal operations
are "so objectionable" that federal law need not say any-
thing to preempt them. Id., at 865. For example, the "col-
lectors of the revenue, the carriers of the mail, the mint es-
tablishment, and all those institutions which are public...
are protected, while in the line of duty; and yet this protec-
tion is not expressed in any act of Congress." Ibid. Thus,
Ohio, like Maryland in McCulloch, was barred from taxing
the Bank simply because of the Constitution's delineation
of federal and state authority.
McCulloch and Osborn were early cases identifying fields
that are "exclusively federal, because made so by constitu-
tional or valid congressional command," or because they "so
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

ALITO, J., dissenting

vitally affec[t] interests, powers and relations of the Federal
Government as to require uniform national disposition."
United States v. Standard Oil Co. of Cal., 
(1947). In such areas, this Court does not apply a presump-
tion against preemption. That presumption is grounded in
respect for state sovereignty, so it applies to fields the
" 'States have traditionally occupied.' " Wyeth v. Levine, (2009) ). But when state law intrudes in an
exclusively federal domain, the rationale for the presump-
tion does not apply. In those fields, the "conflict with fed-
eral policy need not be as sharp as that which must exist
for ordinary pre-emption when Congress legislates 'in a
field which the States have traditionally occupied.' " Boyle
v. United Technologies Corp., (1988)
). In other words, the "fact that the area in question
is one of unique federal concern changes what would other-
wise be a conflict that cannot produce pre-emption into one
that can." Boyle, 487 U. S., at 508 (emphasis deleted).
Osborn, as noted, enumerated several exclusive federal
domains into which States may not intrude, and later cases
reaffirmed and further developed that list. For example,
the Court held that States cannot prosecute federal agents
for their official acts. In re Neagle, -- 76
(1890); see Tennessee v. Davis, -- 263
(1880) (Johnson, J., concurring in judgment)). They
cannot impose qualifications for membership in Congress
that go beyond those set out in the Constitution. U. S. Term
Limits, Inc. v. Thornton, (1995). Nor can
States enact qualifications for federal employees that sur-
pass the minimum qualifications imposed by federal law.
Johnson v. Maryland, (1920). States are
also barred from singling out the Federal Government for
unfavorable treatment in contracting. United States v.
6 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

ALITO, J., dissenting

Washington, (2022). They cannot impose
tort liability on federal contractors for the performance of
their contractual duties. Yearsley v. W. A. Ross Constr. Co.,
-- 21 (1940). And they cannot dictate the pri-
ority of federal liens that arise under a nationwide program.
United States v. Kimbell Foods, Inc., 
(1979).
In these situations, the Court found that constitutional
structure dictated preemption, but today's majority largely
disregards this body of precedent. The majority is certainly
correct that " '[t]here is no federal pre-emption in vacuo,' "
ante, at 5, and preemption cannot be based on " 'some brood-
ing federal interest' " or a " 'freewheeling judicial inquiry
into whether a state statute is in tension with federal objec-
tives.' " Garcia, 589 U. S., at 202. We have been presented
with and have rebuffed preemption arguments that rested
on such airy grounds. See, e.g., Arizona v. United States,
-- 415 (2012): id., at 424 -- 426 (Scalia, J.,
concurring in part and dissenting in part); id., at 437 -- 438
(THOMAS, J., concurring in part and dissenting in part); id.,
at 441 (ALITO, J., concurring in part and dissenting in
part).1 But any argument that constitutional structure
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 In that case, a state law required law enforcement officers to contact

federal authorities regarding the immigration status of a detainee if they
reasonably suspected that he or she was in this country unlawfully. Ar-
izona, 567 U. S., at 411. Even if this detention did not exceed the length
of time permitted by the Fourth Amendment, the Federal Government
argued that this state-law requirement was preempted because its
breadth conflicted with the Government's enforcement policy, which
gave priority to the removal of those illegal aliens who had criminal rec-
ords or presented a special danger to the community. See Brief for
United States in Arizona v. United States, O. T. 2011, No. 11 -- 182,
pp. 43 -- 52. Although divided on other issues, the Court unanimously re-
jected that argument. Just because the state law might have led to
phone calls or emails that federal immigration officers did not wish to
receive provided no sound basis for preemption. See, e.g., Arizona, 567
U. S., at 412 -- 413; id., at 442 -- 446 (ALITO, J., concurring in part and dis-
senting in part).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

ALITO, J., dissenting

cannot itself preempt state law comes more than two cen-
turies too late.
B
Preemption based on constitutional structure is espe-
cially important when state law intrudes upon the Federal
Government's exclusive authority to conduct relations with
other nations or to wage war. As the Court has repeatedly
explained, the "Federal Government... is entrusted with
full and exclusive responsibility for the conduct of affairs
with foreign sovereignties." Hines v. Davidowitz, (1941). Indeed, "[o]ur system of government... im-
peratively requires that federal power in the field affecting
foreign relations be left entirely free from local interfer-
ence." Ibid.; see also United States v. Belmont, -- 331 (1937) ("Governmental power over external
affairs is not distributed, but is vested exclusively in the
national government... and cannot be subject to any cur-
tailment or interference on the part of the several states");
Zschernig v. Miller, (1968) (the Consti-
tution permits no "intrusion by the State into the field of
foreign affairs which the Constitution entrusts to the Pres-
ident and the Congress"); Saleh v. Titan Corp., 580 F. 3d 1,
11 (CADC 2009) (Silberman, J.) ("The states (and certainly
foreign entities) constitutionally and traditionally have no
involvement in federal wartime policy-making").
We have applied this principle in numerous preemption
cases. In Crosby v. National Foreign Trade Council, (2000), we held that a federal statute imposing
sanctions on Burma preempted a state law banning the
purchase of goods produced by companies that did business
with that nation. Id., at 373 -- 374. We reached that conclu-
sion even though it would have been possible to comply with
both the federal and state laws. Id., at 379 -- 380. Similarly,
in American Ins. Assn. v. Garamendi, (2003),
we held that a federal executive agreement preempted a
8 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

ALITO, J., dissenting

state statute that attempted to facilitate reparations for
Holocaust survivors. Id., at 419, and, 427.
As with foreign affairs more broadly, the Constitution as-
signs the power to make war exclusively to the Federal Gov-
ernment. Congress is given the power to declare war, raise
armies, provide a Navy, and make rules governing the
Armed Forces. Art. I, cls. 1, 11 -- 16. And the President
is made the Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces. Art.
II, cl. 1. The Constitution then explicitly strips States
of any similar powers. States may not "keep Troops, or
Ships of War in time of Peace," or "engage in War, unless
actually invaded, or in such imminent Danger as will not
admit of delay." Art. I, cl. 3. The "Constitution's text,
across several Articles, strongly suggests a complete dele-
gation of authority to the Federal Government to provide
for the common defense." Torres v. Texas Dept. of Public
Safety, (2022). The framing generation
well understood this point. "The States ultimately ratified
the Constitution knowing that their sovereignty would give
way to national military policy." Id., at 592.
* * *
In sum, we have long recognized that the Constitution it-
self may demand preemption when a state law intrudes
upon an area of exclusive federal authority. And because
the Constitution gives the Federal Government exclusive
authority over foreign affairs and the conduct of wars, fed-
eral law preempts all state law that substantially interferes
with the Government's exercise of those powers.
II
Applying state (or foreign) tort law in this case would sub-
stantially interfere with the Government's ability to wage
war and, in particular, with its ability to implement its pre-
ferred security policies at Bagram Airfield, which for many
years had been regularly attacked by Taliban supporters.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

ALITO, J., dissenting

In February 2007, a suicide bombing on the base killed 23
and injured 20 more. A June 2009 rocket attack killed two
soldiers and injured at least six others. In May 2010, insur-
gents wearing U. S. Army uniforms killed an American con-
tractor and wounded nine servicemembers. A November
2013 rocket attack killed two civilian contractors, and a De-
cember 2015 suicide bombing killed six American service-
members.2
In light of this history, military planners had strong rea-
sons to worry about base security, but they also had in mind
the United States' strategic objectives. 554 F. Supp. 3d 770,
776, (SC 2021). President George W. Bush laid out
those aims as follows: "Our goal in Afghanistan is to help
the people of that country to defeat the terrorists and estab-
lish a stable, moderate, and democratic state that respects
the right of its citizens, governs its territory effectively, and
is a reliable ally in this war against extremists and terror-
ists."3 Later, as President Obama looked forward to the day
when American troops could come home, he added that the
United States supported "open[ing] the door to those Tali-
ban who abandon violence and respect the human rights of
their fellow citizens."4
Balancing these strategic objectives and Bagram's secu-
rity needs, military decisionmakers adopted a policy that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 P. Wellman, A Timeline of Important Moments at Bagram Airfield

from 2001 -- 2021, Stars & Stripes (July 2, 2021), https://www.stripes.com/theaters/middle_east/2021-07-02/bagram-airfield-timeline-of-events
-since-2001-2026849.html (archived at https://perma.cc/J3Y7-MFNQ).
3 President Bush Discusses Progress in Afghanistan, Global War on

Terror (Feb. 15, 2007), https://georgewbush-whitehouse.archives.gov/
news/releases/2007/02/20070215-1.html (archived at https://perma.cc/
A6SK-VVBD).
4 Remarks By the President in Address to the Nation on the Way Forward

in Afghanistan and Pakistan (Dec. 1, 2009), https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/the-press-office/remarks-president-address-nation-way-
forward-afghanistan-and-pakistan (archived at https://perma.cc/Z3YB-
M88H).
10 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

ALITO, J., dissenting

entailed what they must have thought were tolerable and
manageable risks. The policy manifested trust in the Af-
ghan people, sought to promote economic development, and
attempted to further the process of bringing former Taliban
members back into the fold.
This was the military's "Afghan First" policy, which gave
heavy preference to the hiring of Afghans. In a March 2006
memorandum, the Commanding General of the Combined
Forces Coalition in Afghanistan directed all military com-
manders to "make every attempt, within legal and regula-
tory limits, to use available Afghan services." Motion for
Summary Judgment in No. 6:19 -- cv -- 00489 (D SC, Feb. 26,
2021), ECF Doc. 128 -- 18, Exh. 16, p. 2. The memo added
that "[w]henever possible, we should plan on providing Af-
ghans with training which will add marketable skills to the
population." Ibid. The memo recognized that this directive
would risk some adverse consequences, but it justified the
program on the ground that it would "provide opportunities
for economic expansion, increased entrepreneurship, and
skills training for the people of Afghanistan." Ibid. "As long
as we can legally hire Afghans to provide services or prod-
ucts," the memo proclaimed, "we shall do so." Ibid.
The memo therefore directed military officials to award
contracts to Afghans, rather than American contractors,
whenever possible. And when officials awarded contracts
to American companies like Fluor, the memo stated that
"[o]rders are to be scoped to maximize employment of Af-
ghans." Ibid. Commanders were instructed to set goals and
write reports regarding the percentage of Afghans em-
ployed under the contracts they administered, and the
memo challenged commanders to "be creative and aggres-
sive in carrying out the Afghan FIRST program." Id., at 3.
The memo ended with the proclamation that "[t]his is a
powerful way to contribute meaningfully to our campaign
end state." Ibid.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

ALITO, J., dissenting

The Afghan First program was incorporated into Fluor's
contract. Specifically,.07(b) of the relevant task order
required Fluor to "hire [host nation] personnel and Subcon-
tractors to the maximum extent possible." ECF Doc. 128 -- 
19, Exh. 17, p. 6. According to Fluor's security director,
"[p]ractically, this meant that the Military required Fluor
to use [local nationals]. In fact, if Fluor employed persons
other than Afghan nationals, the Military usually required
Fluor to justify its decision." ECF Doc. 128 -- 7, Exh. 5, p. 17.
It was under this program that Nayeb was cleared for em-
ployment on Bagram and then hired by one of Fluor's sub-
contractors. Because of Nayeb's past Taliban membership,
clearing him entailed an obvious risk. But the military con-
cluded that the United States' strategic objectives justified
that danger. The military relied on Fluor to supervise
Nayeb's conduct on the base, and this arrangement led to
the bombing that seriously injured petitioner.
Based on what is known about the events leading to the
bombing, it may well be that both the military and Fluor
are responsible for petitioner's injuries. Under South Car-
olina law, they could be jointly and severally liable, but be-
cause the military is shielded by sovereign immunity, Fluor
is potentially liable for all the compensatory damages that
petitioner may be awarded. See Green v. McGee, 446 S. C.
343, 350, 919 S. E. 2d 903, 906 (2025); 120 F. 4th 412, 424
(CA4 2024). Any negligence on the part of the military
would not diminish Fluor's liability for compensatory dam-
ages.
At this point, however, we do not know whether South
Carolina law will be applied on remand. (I will discuss that
question below.) But even if the rule of joint and several
liability applies, Fluor will be free to try to show that the
military was solely responsible for petitioner's injuries, and
Fluor has stated that it will pursue that strategy. See id.,
at 424 -- 425 (Fluor plans to try the military as the "empty
chair"). Even if this attempt to shift all blame to the
12 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

ALITO, J., dissenting

Federal Government does not work, Fluor could also use ev-
idence of the military's responsibility as a defense against
petitioner's claim for punitive damages. See App. to Pet. for
Cert. 150a. For these reasons, adjudication of Fluor's de-
fense is very likely to entail an evaluation of the way the
Federal Government assessed the risks and benefits of
Nayeb's employment, and this would impermissibly intrude
on the Federal Government's exclusive war powers.
This suit threatens many other harms to federal interests
as well. The parties may seek discovery of sensitive docu-
ments about security threats at Bagram and about the
trade-offs reflected in setting security policy. The United
States will have to decide whether public disclosure of such
documents is consistent with the Nation's defense and for-
eign policy interests, and its only way to resist their disclo-
sure may be the invocation of the state-secrets privilege.
For good reason, the Government does not lightly assert
that privilege; it is "the option of last resort." General Dy-
namics Corp. v. United States, (2011).
But in this case, the Government has not yet ruled it out.
Brief for United States as Amicus Curiae 21,.
Depositions and trial testimony by military officers re-
sponsible for setting and implementing base security policy
and protocols may pose similar problems and may also in-
terfere with these officers' current responsibilities regard-
ing urgent national security challenges. Members of the
military who investigated the bombing may likewise be de-
posed, subpoenaed to testify, and cross-examined about
their conclusions regarding Fluor's conduct, and this could
take a toll.
All these harms will be compounded if active-duty ser-
vicemembers can bring state tort suits like petitioner's.
Having active-duty servicemembers depose their command-
ers and question military judgments could interfere with
military discipline and the proper chain of command.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

ALITO, J., dissenting

The shadow of state tort liability may also undermine the
Government's use of contractors to perform tasks that are
closely related to actual combat operations. See 120 F. 4th,
at 427 (petitioner has acknowledged that Fluor "was inte-
grated into combatant activities" on the base (internal quo-
tation marks omitted)); accord, 554 F. Supp. 3d, at 774. For
a variety of reasons, federal policy has increased the use of
contractors to provide security in dangerous locales. And in
doing so, contractors take directions from the military. But
"[f]aced with the specter of tort liability,... a contractor
would have to balance battlefield needs as dictated by mili-
tary command against what a judge or jury might say years
after the fact." Brief for Retired Senior Military Officers as
Amici Curiae 22. Putting contractors in this conflicted po-
sition could lead to adversarial relationships with military
commanders.
Applying state tort law to events that occur on a military
base in an active warzone may also lead to vexing choice-of-
law problems -- and those problems are certainly present
here. This is a diversity case filed in federal court in South
Carolina, so that State's choice-of-law rules govern. See
Klaxon Co. v. Stentor Elec. Mfg. Co., 
(1941). Under those rules, "the substantive law governing
a tort action is determined by the lex loci delicti, the law of
the state in which the injury occurred." Boone v. Boone, 345
S. C. 8, 13, 546 S. E. 2d 191, 193 (2001). Hencely's injury
occurred in Afghanistan. So a routine application of South
Carolina's lex loci delicti rule5 would call for a trial under

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The result might be the same under choice of law rules like the gov-

ernment-interest test or the test in the Restatement (Second) of Conflict
of Laws (1969). See, e.g., M. M. v. Islamic Republic of Iran, 708
F. Supp. 3d 22, 47 -- 48 (DC 2023); Sadiqyar v. Mission Essential, LLC,
2020 WL 5210850, *4, (SD Ohio, Sept. 1, 2020) ("California choice of
law rules, as stated in the 'governmental interests test,' might permit the
application of Afghan law").
14 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

ALITO, J., dissenting

Afghan law as it existed in 2016.6 Just identifying the rel-
evant principles in that body of law would be a challenge.7
And if the application of state law would impermissibly in-
trude in an exclusively federal domain, then adjudicating
this case under foreign law would be even worse.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 It is possible that a South Carolina court would not apply the lex loci

delicti rule. South Carolina courts, like those in many other States, will
not apply another jurisdiction's law when doing so would contravene
their own State's public policy. Boone, 345 S. C., at 13, 546 S. E. 2d, at
193. But determining whether Afghan law contravenes South Carolina's
public policy would seem to require the identification of the relevant
principles of Afghan law. And as petitioner noted at oral argument, some
decisions "have applied Afghan law in situations like this." Tr. of Oral
Arg. 24; see, e.g., M. M., 708 F. Supp. 3d, at 47 -- 48 (suicide bombing in-
volving federal contractor); Haskins v. Midwest Air Traffic Control Serv.,
Inc., 2016 WL 3653531, *5 (ND Ill., July 8, 2016) (plane crash in Afghan-
istan involving American passenger). In fact, Fluor itself has had to lit-
igate claims under Afghan law. Allen v. Fluor Corp., 2017 WL 2618821,
*5 (ND Tex., June 15, 2017). And other decisions have applied Iraqi law
to similar tort claims against American military contractors. See, e.g.,
McGee v. Arkel Int'l, LLC, 671 F. 3d 539, 543 (CA5 2012); Al-Quraishi v.
Nakhla, 728 F. Supp. 2d 702, 763 (Md. 2010).
7 Despite its length (2416 Articles), the 1977 Afghan Civil Code gives

only cursory treatment to standard tort issues and omits discussion of
some key topics altogether. The Code states simply that "[i]f harm is
inflicted on another due to... fault, the perpetrator shall be obligated to
pay compensation." Civil Code of the Republic of Afghanistan, Art. 776
(1977 Civil Code) (transl. by Afghanistan Legal Education Project 2014).
The Code similarly treats causation and joint and several liability in one-
sentence provisions. Arts. 783, 789. If these bare-bones provisions sup-
ply insufficient guidance for courts, then the problems multiply. Under
Afghanistan's now apparently defunct 2004 Constitution, when no spe-
cific provision of law on a question could be found, courts were instructed
to consider "Hanafi jurisprudence" -- a Sharia legal tradition -- and to
rule "in a way that attains justice in the best manner." Art. 130; accord,
1977 Civil Code, Art. 2. Cf. Center Khurasan Constr. Co. v. JS Int'l, Inc.,
2021 WL 5882342, *2 (D Md., Dec. 10, 2021) ("Ascertaining Afghan law
is no simple task"); Global Fleet Sales, LLC v. Delunas, 203 F. Supp. 3d
789, 805 (ED Mich. 2016) ("[T]he Court would be ill-equipped to apply
the law of Afghanistan").
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

ALITO, J., dissenting

III
Despite this suit's intrusion into a domain of exclusive
federal authority, petitioner contends that his suit is not
preempted for two main reasons: (1) the Federal Tort
Claims Act's retention of sovereign immunity for "combat-
ant activities... during time of war" does not apply here,
28 U. S. C., and (2) our decision in Boyle does not
dictate preemption. Neither argument provides a ground
for rejecting preemption.
A
The Federal Tort Claims Act (FTCA) does not help peti-
tioner because that law simply does not speak to the ques-
tion of preemption. The FTCA provides a limited waiver of
the United States' sovereign immunity from suit but sets
out certain exceptions to that waiver, and one of these ex-
ceptions covers claims "arising out of the combatant activi-
ties of the military or naval forces, or the Coast Guard, dur-
ing time of war." Ibid. This exception protects the Federal
Government from liability for petitioner's injuries, but its
terms do not address the question whether state tort law
applies to a federal contractor carrying out federal wartime
policies on a military base in theater. Indeed, that provi-
sion does not even give rise to an inference of non-preemp-
tion. Since the FTCA concerns the Government's sovereign
immunity, and since government contractors enjoy no such
immunity, that Act would be a strange place to include a
provision shielding such contractors from state-law liabil-
ity. If anything, lends support to preemption be-
cause it is based on the same strong federal interest that
provides the basis for preemption here: the exclusive au-
thority of the President and Congress to decide how combat-
related activities should be conducted.
16 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

ALITO, J., dissenting

B
Boyle, likewise, does not support petitioner's argument.
Petitioner urges us not to "extend" the holding in Boyle,
Brief for Petitioner 31, but that argument rests on the false
premise that Boyle governs the preemption of all tort claims
against government contractors. Boyle's holding concerns
the preemption of claims based on a particular federal in-
terest, namely, the Government's interest in "the perfor-
mance of federal procurement contracts." 487 U. S., at 506.
When preemption is sought on the ground that the applica-
tion of state law would impermissibly undermine that in-
terest, Boyle provides a test for determining whether appli-
cation of the state law in question would actually have that
effect. It asks whether "(1) the United States approved rea-
sonably precise specifications; (2) the equipment conformed
to those specifications; and (3) the supplier warned the
United States about the dangers in the use of the equip-
ment that were known to the supplier but not to the United
States." Id., at 512. If all those requirements are met, Boyle
infers that any dangerous defect in the product "may well
reflect a significant policy judgment by Government offi-
cials." Id., at 513. Therefore, imposing liability on a con-
tractor for an allegedly dangerous feature of the design the
Government required would pressure contractors to deviate
from that design, and that would undermine the Govern-
ment's interest in "the performance of federal procurement
contracts" in accordance with its wishes. Id., at 506.
The preemption claim in this case rests on a different ba-
sis. The federal interest at stake is not the performance of
a procurement contract but the interest in making foreign-
affairs and strategic military decisions without state inter-
ference. That interest did not figure in Boyle's preemption
analysis. As the Court notes, the claim in Boyle did not in-
volve combatant activities. Ante, at 6. It concerned a heli-
copter crash off the coast of Virginia. Although the plaintiff
was a Marine and the helicopter was designed for military
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 17

ALITO, J., dissenting

use, the Court treated the contract under which the heli-
copter was procured like any other government contract. If
the helicopter had been designed and procured for a civilian
agency, the Court's analysis would have been the same.
If anything, Boyle lends support to preemption here be-
cause it held state law was preempted even in the absence
of any relevant express preemption provision. And it recog-
nized that a state tort claim may be preempted if it intrudes
on an area involving a "uniquely federal interes[t]." 487
U. S., at 504. But its relevance for present purposes stops
there.
C
One other argument offered by the majority requires a
response. The majority argues that federal law does not
preempt all state-law claims "connected to a war zone."
Ante, at 13. But the claim here is not simply one with some
sort of connection to a "zone" in which there was an ongoing
war. Rather, it is a claim that is intertwined with policy
decisions regarding the way in which the war in Afghani-
stan should have been conducted.
The Court suggests that "barring other statutory or con-
stitutional considerations, plaintiffs have been able to en-
force their legal rights even when they are violated during
war." Ibid.. Here, however, it is precisely
because of "constitutional considerations" that petitioner's
state-law claims are preempted.
In support of the proposition that a state-law tort claim
may by based on war-related conduct, the Court cites three
cases, but they are all far afield. The first, Penn Dairies,
Inc. v. Milk Control Comm'n of Pa., (1943),
concerned the application of a Pennsylvania milk-control
law to a base in the State. To state the obvious, state regu-
lation of milk prices for a stateside military base presents a
far lower risk of intrusion into federal war powers than
18 HENCELY v. FLUOR CORP.

ALITO, J., dissenting

state regulation of defense contractors' activities in a for-
eign warzone.
The other two cases are the products of a bygone legal
era. See Little v. Barreme, 2 Cranch 170 (1804); Mitchell v.
Harmony, 13 How. 115 (1852). Both cases predated Erie R.
Co. v. Tompkins, (1938), and neither applied
state law.8 Little involved the seizure of a vessel in the Car-
ibbean and appears to have applied admiralty or general
federal common law. See 2 Cranch, at 179. Mitchell con-
cerned the seizure of a merchant's personal property in
Mexico during the Mexican-American War. 13 How., at
128. It, too, appears to have applied general federal com-
mon law. See id., at 135 -- 136.9 Thus, neither case ad-
dresses whether the Constitution preempts the application
of state tort law to those carrying out federal wartime poli-
cies on a foreign military base.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 Additionally, both cases arose when the United States had plenary

sovereign immunity from tort suits. During that period, wronged parties
often obtained judgments against the officers who engaged in the con-
tested conduct (and did not enjoy qualified immunity), and Congress of-
ten passed private bills indemnifying the officers. See J. Pfander, Iqbal,
Bivens, and the Role of Judge-Made Law in Constitutional Adjudication,
114 Pa. St. L. Rev. 1387, 1394 (2010). That is what appears to have hap-
pened in these cases. See id., at 1393 -- 1394 (the Court's opinion in Little
"reflected the Court's perception that Congress bore responsibility for in-
demnifying Captain Little").
9 The majority says that the "source of the tort principles" in Little and

Mitchell is irrelevant because all tort claims would be preempted under
Fluor's rule. Ante, at 14,. But I do not contend that the Constitution
bars all tort claims against Fluor, regardless of their source. Because
the Constitution makes war an exclusively federal domain, federal law -- 
including federal tort law -- governs. State tort law, by contrast, has no
role to play in war. Little and Mitchell are consistent with that dichot-
omy because they applied federal common law, not state law. The ques-
tion of what, if any, federal tort claims Hencely could bring against Fluor
is not presented here.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 19

ALITO, J., dissenting

* * *
The Constitution divides authority between the Federal
Government and the States in many areas, but not when it
comes to war. War is the exclusive domain of the Federal
Government, but the Court allows state (or foreign law) to
encroach on that domain. The Constitution precludes that
encroachment, and therefore petitioner's suit is preempted.
Because the Court holds otherwise, I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE THOMAS delivered the opinion of the Court.
Congress has long authorized federal officers and their
agents to remove suits brought against them in state court
to federal court. The federal officer removal statute author-
izes an officer or "person acting under that officer" to re-
move state suits "for or relating to any act under color of
such office." 28 U. S. C. (1). In this case, Chevron
USA Inc. invoked the statute to remove to federal court an
environmental suit brought against it in Louisiana state
court. Chevron argued that the suit was removable because
it implicates Chevron's crude-oil production during the Sec-
ond World War, when Chevron also refined crude oil into
aviation gasoline for the U. S. military. No party disputes
that Chevron "act[ed] under" federal officers when it per-
formed its refining duties. We thus decide only whether
this suit, which implicates Chevron's wartime production of
crude oil, "relat[es] to" Chevron's wartime aviation-gasoline
refining for the military. We hold that it does.
2 CHEVRON USA INC. v. PLAQUEMINES PARISH

Opinion of the Court

I
A
To protect the Federal Government from state-court "in-
terference with its operations," Congress has given federal
courts jurisdiction over some suits against federal officers
or those acting under them. Watson v. Philip Morris Cos.,
(2007) (internal quotation marks omit-
ted). The current federal officer removal statute traces its
lineage to the Force Bill of 1833, which Congress passed to
enable federal customs officials to remove suits to federal
court after South Carolina began prosecuting them for en-
forcing federal law. See Tennessee v. Davis, -- 269 (1880); Brief for U. S. Sen. Mike Lee et al. as Amici
Curiae 4. Over the next 200 years, Congress expanded the
scope of federal officer removal beyond suits against cus-
toms officials. Id., at 4 -- 6. Today, defendants may remove
to federal court any
"civil action or criminal prosecution that is commenced
in a State court and that is against or directed to...
[t]he United States or any agency thereof or any officer
(or any person acting under that officer) of the United
States or of any agency thereof... for or relating to any
act under color of such office." 28 U. S. C. (1).
Under the federal officer removal statute, a removing de-
fendant must satisfy three requirements. First, the remov-
ing defendant must be the United States, a federal agency,
a federal officer, or a person "acting under" a federal officer,
such as certain private parties hired to assist federal offic-
ers. See Watson, 551 U. S., at 148 -- 153. Second, the suit
must be "for or relating to any act under color of such office."
(1). Third, the removing defendant must assert "a
colorable federal defense." Mesa v. California, (1989); see id., at 136 -- 137 (grounding this require-
ment in Article III of the Constitution). This case concerns
the second requirement.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

B
When the United States entered the Second World War,
aviation gasoline -- or "avgas" -- became critical for the mili-
tary. The war spurred "a race to gain mastery of the skies."
A. Baime, The Arsenal of Democracy 133 (2014). Success
in the air required high-octane avgas, a "superfuel" for com-
bat aircraft that helped to produce "more speed, more
power, [and] quicker take-off." J. Frey & H. Ide, A History
of the Petroleum Administration for War, 1941 -- 1945,
p. 193 (1946) (P. A. W. History). Avgas refining therefore
had to keep pace with the "astonishing expansion of aerial
activity" during the war. Ibid. In June 1940, the U. S. mil-
itary used about 4,000 barrels of avgas per day, while Amer-
ican industry could refine 30,000 to 40,000 barrels per day.
Id., at 194. By 1944, at the height of U. S. involvement in
the war, the U. S. military needed 636,000 barrels per day.
Ibid.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt created the Petroleum
Administration for War (P. A. W.) to ensure that the United
States would have enough fuel to win the war. See id., at
14 -- 15, 44 -- 45. The P. A. W. oversaw the entire oil industry,
from production to transportation to refinement. Within
two weeks after the attack on Pearl Harbor, the P.A.W. is-
sued a directive for "the production of 100 octane aviation
gasoline [to] be greatly increased." 7 Fed. Reg. 41 (1942).
The message was clear: " '[F]orget economic considera-
tions -- forget everything except getting out more and more
100-octane [avgas] as quickly as you can.' " P. A. W. History
199. With the P. A. W.'s assistance, the Federal Govern-
ment, through the Defense Supplies Corporation, con-
tracted with dozens of avgas refineries to secure avgas for
the military.
4 CHEVRON USA INC. v. PLAQUEMINES PARISH

Opinion of the Court

The Government entered an avgas refining contract with
a predecessor of Chevron, the Texas Company.1 In its con-
tract with the Government, Chevron agreed to work "day
and night" to quadruple its avgas refining capacity at its
Texas refinery. App. to Pet. for Cert. 150 -- 151. It agreed
that the Government could request that it buy avgas com-
ponents, including crude oil, from other firms. And, it
agreed that the Government could "at any time" purchase
all of Chevron's excess avgas. Id., at 156.
The Government knew that to refine crude oil into avgas,
Chevron needed crude oil. The Government's contract with
Chevron adjusted the price of avgas based on the cost of ob-
taining crude oil. The P. A. W. allocated crude oil to specific
refiners to maximize output. And, the P. A. W. required
production methods that increased crude-oil production,
such as vertical drilling. 8 Fed. Reg. 3955, 3957 (1943).
At the same time, Chevron produced crude oil in
Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, including in two fields rel-
evant to this case -- the Delacroix Island and Delta Duck
Club fields. Some of the crude oil produced in both fields
went to the Texas refinery at which Chevron refined crude
oil into avgas for the military during the war. In 1942,
Chevron was refining 4,000 barrels of crude oil per day from
fields in Plaquemines Parish.
C
In 1978, Louisiana enacted the State and Local Coastal
Resources Management Act. La. Rev. Stat. Ann. :214.21
et seq. (West 2023). The Act established a new permitting
program that took effect in 1980. It prohibits any "[u]ses of
state concern" of Louisiana's coastal zone, including oil pro-
duction, unless the user first obtains a permit.
:214.25(A)(1)(f ), 49:214.30(A)(1). But, it exempts from
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 All agree that as Chevron's corporate predecessor, the Texas Com-

pany's acts were Chevron's acts for the purposes of this case. We thus
refer to it as "Chevron."
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

its permitting requirement "[i]ndividual specific uses le-
gally commenced or established prior to the effective date
of the coastal use permit program." :214.34(C)(2).
In 2013, Plaquemines Parish, along with other parishes,
filed 42 state-court suits against oil and gas companies un-
der the Act. The parishes alleged that the companies lacked
permits for their uses of the coastal zone, and that some of
these uses, although initiated before 1980, were illegally
commenced and not covered by the Act's exemption for uses
that commenced before 1980. The State of Louisiana and
its Department of Energy and Natural Resources inter-
vened in support of the parishes.
Plaquemines Parish filed an expert report in one of these
suits that made clear that it intended to challenge certain
defendants' crude-oil production during the Second World
War. The report alleged that several uses had been illegally
commenced during the war, making them "violations which
provide the basis for defendant liability." Preliminary Ex-
pert Report on Violations, No. 2:18 -- cv -- 5256 (ED La.), ECF
Doc. 1 -- 3, p. 4. As to Chevron, the report identified produc-
tion activities in the Delacroix Island field, where Chevron
began drilling in 1941. Specifically, the report alleged that
Chevron failed to use steel tanks instead of earthen pits. It
alleged that Chevron should not have used vertical-drilling
methods, which allegedly harmed the environment more
than alternative methods. And, it alleged that Chevron
failed to equip Delacroix Island with sufficient roads for
transportation and instead primarily used canals. The re-
port alleged that these production activities showed "bad
faith" and failed to protect the "marshland from contamina-
tion and excessive land losses," making Chevron subject to
liability under the Act. ECF Doc. 1 -- 5, p. 35. All agree at
this stage that this report reflects the parishes' general the-
ories of liability across the 42 suits.
Several defendants removed the suits against them un-
der the federal officer removal statute. 28 U. S. C.
6 CHEVRON USA INC. v. PLAQUEMINES PARISH

Opinion of the Court

(1). The removal effort focused on the connection
between these 1940s allegations and the defendants' 1940s
federal contracts. Because the allegations concerned their
1940s crude-oil production, the defendants argued that the
suits "relat[ed] to" their contractual duties to refine crude
oil into avgas for the military at the same time.
In this case, the parish's suit challenged Chevron's con-
duct at the Delta Duck Club field, where Chevron drilled
during the war. Chevron removed on the theory that the
suit alleged that Chevron illegally produced crude oil in the
Delta Duck Club field, while it simultaneously served as an
avgas refiner for the military. The parish's state-court com-
plaint, like its expert report in the parallel case, alleged
that Chevron's use of the coastal zone had been illegally
commenced prior to the effective date of the Act, citing its
crude-oil production processes, use of earthen pits, and
dredging of canals. Chevron's notice of removal thus ar-
gued that the complaint, alongside the parishes' report,
showed that the parish would target acts related to its per-
formance of federal duties during the war. The District
Court rejected this argument and granted the parish's mo-
tion to remand to state court.
The Fifth Circuit affirmed. The court agreed with Chev-
ron that it had "acted under" a federal officer because it re-
fined crude oil into avgas as a military contractor.
Plaquemines Parish v. BP America Production Co., 103
F. 4th 324, 334 -- 335 (2024). But, the Fifth Circuit con-
cluded that the suit was not "for or relating to" those acts.
It agreed that the complaint, when "read in conjunction
with the [expert] report," targeted crude-oil production ac-
tivities during the war. Id., at 337. Nonetheless, it con-
cluded that this suit, despite challenging Chevron's crude-
oil production, did not relate to the performance of Chev-
ron's avgas refining contract because the contract did not
specify how to acquire crude oil. Id., at 340 -- 341.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

Judge Oldham dissented. He reasoned that crude oil was
"indispensable" to avgas, such that its production neces-
sarily related to Chevron's performance of its federal avgas
refining duties. Id., at 348.
We granted Chevron's petition for a writ of certiorari.
(2025).
II
We address whether this suit, which implicates Chev-
ron's wartime production of crude oil, is "for or relating to"
Chevron's wartime refining of crude oil into avgas for the
military.2 28 U. S. C. (1). Chevron's wartime
crude-oil production was closely connected to its wartime
avgas refining, so the parish's suit challenging that crude-
oil production relates to that refining.
A
The phrase "relating to" sweeps broadly. It means " 'to
stand in some relation; to have bearing or concern; to per-
tain; refer; to bring into association with or connection
with.' " Morales v. Trans World Airlines, Inc., (1992) ). One thing can relate to another even if the connec-
tion is "indirect." Ingersoll-Rand Co. v. McClendon, (1990). One thing can relate to another even
if it was "not specifically designed to affect" it. Ibid. And,
one thing can relate to another even without a "strict causal
relationship." Ford Motor Co. v. Montana Eighth Judicial
Dist. Court, (2021); see also Altria Group,
Inc. v. Good, -- 86 (2008). Accordingly, a re-
moving defendant need not show that his federal duties

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The Fifth Circuit held that Chevron satisfied the first requirement of

the removal statute because it "act[ed] under" a federal officer when it
refined crude oil into avgas for the military pursuant to a federal con-
tract. No party disputes that Chevron acted under a federal officer in
that capacity. We assume, without deciding, that it did.
8 CHEVRON USA INC. v. PLAQUEMINES PARISH

Opinion of the Court

specifically required or strictly caused the challenged con-
duct.3 See District of Columbia v. Exxon Mobil Corp., 89
F. 4th 144, 155 (CADC 2023) (collecting cases).
The ordinary meaning of "relating to," however, is not "so
broad that it is meaningless." Rutledge v. Pharmaceutical
Care Management Assn., (2020) (THOMAS,
J., concurring). To be sure, in a literalist sense, "everything
is related to everything else." California Div. of Labor
Standards Enforcement v. Dillingham Constr., N. A., Inc.,
(1997) (Scalia, J., concurring). But, gen-
erally in statutory interpretation, "it is the ordinary, not lit-
eralist, meaning that is the better one." Rutledge, 592 U. S.,
at 93 (THOMAS, J., concurring); see A. Scalia, A Matter of
Interpretation 24 (1997) ("the good textualist is not a liter-
alist").
The ordinary understanding of "relating to" requires a
connection that is not "tenuous, remote, or peripheral."
Rutledge, 592 U. S., at 94 (THOMAS, J., concurring). Ordinary readers would not un-
derstand the statement that someone is " 'related to Joe' " to
refer to "a mutual tie to Adam and Eve." Ibid. Nor would
they understand the fluttering of a butterfly's wings to "re-
late to" the next week's weather.4 And, in this context, they
would not understand the federal officer removal statute to
reach all suits with any attenuated connection to federal
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Congress only recently adopted the "relating to" statutory language.

Before 2011, the statute required that the suit be "for" an act under color
of office. 28 U. S. C. (1) (2006 ed.). This Court had interpreted
that language to require the removing defendant to "show a nexus, a
' "causal connection" between the charged conduct and asserted official
authority.' " Jefferson County v. Acker, (1999). In
2011, Congress broadened the statute by authorizing removal of suits
"for or relating to" an act under color of office., 125 Stat. 545.
4 Cf. E. Lorenz, Predictability: Does the Flap of a Butterfly's Wings in

Brazil Set Off a Tornado in Texas?, at the American Association for the
Advancement of Science (Dec. 29, 1972) (describing what is now known
as the butterfly effect).
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

duties. For instance, the D. C. Circuit has held that a false-
advertising suit targeting an oil company's statements to
consumers about the future effects of fossil fuels on climate
change did not relate to its decades-earlier production for
the Government. See Exxon Mobil Corp., 89 F. 4th, at 156;
see also Minnesota v. American Petroleum Inst., 63 F. 4th
703, 715 (CA8 2023).
B
Chevron's case fits comfortably within the ordinary
meaning of a suit "relating to" the performance of federal
duties. Chevron has plausibly alleged a close relationship
between its challenged conduct and the performance of its
federal duties -- not a tenuous, remote, or peripheral one.
Cf. Dart Cherokee Basin Operating Co. v. Owens, (2014) (explaining that, when reviewing a remand to
state court, we credit plausible factual allegations by the
removing party).
This suit implicates Chevron's wartime efforts to produce
and supply avgas' essential feedstock, so it is closely con-
nected to Chevron's wartime avgas refining for the military.
Much of the crude oil that Chevron produced in the Delta
Duck Club field was ultimately used for its own avgas re-
fining. And, as the Fifth Circuit assumed and no party dis-
putes, this suit will challenge Chevron's actions that al-
lowed it to increase its production of crude oil in the Delta
Duck Club field during wartime. See 103 F. 4th, at 337.
The parish's report alleged that Chevron's use of the coastal
zone had been illegally commenced because of its reliance
on vertical-drilling methods, canals, and earthen pits. See
ibid. But, using vertical-drilling methods "maximize[d]
production" of crude oil. App. 19. Using canals instead of
building roads saved "time, materials, and manpower," re-
sulting in more "timely oil production." Id., at 18. And,
using earthen pits complied with the P. A. W.'s directive to
preserve steel. See id., at 22; 6 Fed. Reg. 5880 (1941). If
10 CHEVRON USA INC. v. PLAQUEMINES PARISH

Opinion of the Court

Chevron had refrained from these actions and produced less
crude oil as a result, its avgas refining for the military may
have suffered.
Moreover, the Government emphasized the importance of
increasing Chevron's crude-oil production to support avgas
refining as part of the war effort. The P. A. W. identified
Delta Duck Club as a " 'Critical Fiel[d ] Essential to the War
Program' " because it produced a " 'preferential' " kind of
crude oil for refining avgas. App. 112 -- 113. Under Chev-
ron's refining contract, the Government paid more for avgas
when the price of obtaining crude oil increased. Meanwhile,
the P. A. W. required the development of plans "to increase
to a maximum the production of all grades of aviation gas-
oline... in the shortest possible time," including by ad-
dressing the need for components such as crude oil. 6 Fed.
Reg. 6433 -- 6434. And, the P. A. W.'s regulations required
the vertical-drilling methods challenged by the parish as
part of its effort to "provide adequate supplies of petroleum
for military and other essential purposes." 8 Fed. Reg.
3955; see id., at 3957. In this all-hands-on-deck, wartime
context, Chevron needed to produce more crude oil as
quickly as possible to facilitate more avgas refining, includ-
ing its own.
Chevron has therefore satisfied the "relating to" require-
ment. This suit implicates acts by Chevron that are closely
connected to the performance of its federal duties.5
C
We disagree with the Fifth Circuit's two main reasons for
ruling to the contrary.
First, the Fifth Circuit reasoned that Chevron's refining
contract did not specify how to obtain or produce crude oil,
so Chevron's crude-oil production was unrelated to the
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 We do not resolve whether the defendants in the related cases can

satisfy the "for or relating to" requirement. We also do not address the
other requirements of federal officer removal.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

performance of its federal refining duties. 103 F. 4th, at
341. But, the ordinary meaning of "relating to" does not
require the defendant to show that his federal duties spe-
cifically invited his challenged conduct. See, supra, at 7 -- 8.
For example, we have held in the preemption context that
a state law can "relate to" benefit plans even when the
law was "not specifically designed to affect such plans."
Ingersoll-Rand, 498 U. S., at 139. Likewise, Chevron's con-
tract did not have to expressly direct or invite Chevron's
crude-oil production for that conduct to "relate to" its avgas
refining.
Second, the Fifth Circuit reasoned that the P. A. W.'s al-
location of crude oil to refineries severed any relation be-
tween producing and refining. 103 F. 4th, at 344. But, as
this Court's decision in Morales illustrates, an act can re-
late to its consequences even when the causal chain in-
cludes actions by intermediaries. Morales concerned
whether state rules for advertising " 'relat[ed]' " to airline
" 'rates' " and were therefore preempted by a federal statute.
504 U. S., at 378 -- 379. This Court explained that if States
restrict advertising, the market puts less pressure on air-
lines to "price competitively." Id., at 388. Thus, advertising rules related to rates,
even though advertising affects rates only through the acts
of an intermediary, the consumer. Id., at 389. Likewise,
producing crude oil relates to refining it into avgas, even if
the P. A. W. acted as an intermediary allocating the crude
oil to refineries.
D
Finally, we disagree with Louisiana's argument that it
should prevail on an alternative theory. On Louisiana's
view, this case should not turn on the meaning of "relating
to" at all. Instead, Louisiana argues, the removal statute
requires that the defendant was "acting under" a federal of-
ficer in taking the specific actions challenged in the suit.
12 CHEVRON USA INC. v. PLAQUEMINES PARISH

Opinion of the Court

Brief for Respondent State of Louisiana et al. 18, 21. Loui-
siana does not dispute that Chevron acted under a federal
officer while engaged in avgas refining. But, because Chev-
ron did not produce crude oil pursuant to a federal contract,
Louisiana reasons that the suit is not against a defendant
"acting under" an officer.
Louisiana's theory is not consistent with the statutory
text. The statute permits the removal of state-court suits
against "any officer (or any person acting under that of-
ficer)" that are "for or relating to any act under color of such
office." 28 U. S. C. (1). It contemplates removal of
suits against officers or their agents for acts that were not
done under color of their offices, so long as the suits "relat[e]
to" such acts. Louisiana's interpretation would leave the
"relating to" requirement with little, if any, independent
function. As the Fifth Circuit explained, Louisiana's inter-
pretation "impermissibly conflates the 'distinct' 'acting un-
der' and 'connected or associated with' elements of the fed-
eral officer removal test." 103 F. 4th, at 335. We generally
do not read a statute "in a way that makes part of it redun-
dant." National Assn. of Home Builders v. Defenders of
Wildlife, (2007).
III
The Fifth Circuit erred in concluding at this stage that
the suit against Chevron was not "for or relating to" its per-
formance of federal duties. Accordingly, we vacate the judg-
ment of the Fifth Circuit and remand the case for further
proceedings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

JUSTICE ALITO took no part in the decision of this case.
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 813
_________________

CHEVRON USA INCORPORATED, ET AL.,
PETITIONERS v. PLAQUEMINES
PARISH, LOUISIANA, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[April 17, 2026]

JUSTICE JACKSON, concurring in the judgment.
The Court correctly holds that the underlying lawsuit is
"for or relating to" Chevron's acts done "under color of [fed-
eral] office." 28 U. S. C. (1); see ante, at 12. But I
disagree with the majority's conclusion that the federal
officer removal statute's "for or relating to" language re-
quires only an indirect relationship between the conduct
targeted by the lawsuit and the asserted federal duties. See
ante, at 7 -- 8. In my view, the statute demands more.
Understood in the context of its statutory and legislative
history, (1) requires a causal nexus between the
targeted conduct and the federal duties, as I explain below.
Chevron satisfies the causal-nexus requirement on the
facts presented here, so I agree that the Fifth Circuit's rul-
ing must be vacated. I therefore respectfully concur only in
the majority's judgment.
I
A
Since 1948, Congress has authorized federal officers, and
people acting under federal officers, to remove lawsuits
brought "for any act under color of [federal] office." Act of
June 25, 1948, (1), 62 Stat. 938. We interpreted
this statutory language to require "a causal connection
2 CHEVRON USA INC. v. PLAQUEMINES PARISH

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

between the charged conduct and asserted official author-
ity." Willingham v. Morgan, (1969) (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted). In other words, we held
that the federal directive giving rise to the authority to act
must be a but-for cause of the conduct challenged by the
lawsuit. See Maryland v. Soper, (1926) (ex-
plaining that, under a similar statute, a federal official
could remove a prosecution to federal court if the case was
"based on or arises out of the acts he did under authority of
federal law in the discharge of his duty and only by reason
thereof "); accord, Willingham, 395 U. S., at 409.
Congress amended the federal officer removal statute in
2011, adding the "or relating to" language. See Removal
Clarification Act of 2011, 125 Stat. 545. The question
the Court answers today is what this addition means.
B
In responding to this inquiry, the majority considers in
isolation the "ordinary meaning" of the phrase "relating to."
Ante, at 8. Based on our
case law interpreting that phrase in other contexts, the ma-
jority concludes that this language requires only an indirect
relationship between the conduct alleged in the lawsuit and
the asserted federal duties. Ante, at 7 -- 9. Accordingly, in
the majority's view, Congress's addition of "or relating to"
jettisoned the causal-nexus test in favor of a looser stand-
ard. Ante, at 8, and.
I think the Court should interpret the "relating to" addi-
tion primarily by determining what Congress intended to
accomplish with this amendment. Learning Resources, Inc.
v. Trump, 607 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2026) (JACKSON, J., con-
curring in part and concurring in judgment) ( -- 
2). Indeed, the Court's "fundamental task" in interpreting
federal statutes is to give effect to Congress's intent. R.
Katzmann, Judging Statutes 31 (2014) (Katzmann); see
Pennington v. Coxe, 2 Cranch 33, 59 (1804) (opinion for the
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

Court by Marshall, C. J.) ("It is the duty of the court to dis-
cover the intention of the legislature, and to respect that
intention"). And the Court faithfully discharges this duty
when it considers all reliable evidence of Congress's in-
tent -- including statutory and legislative history. See
United States v. Hansen, (2023) ("Statu-
tory history is an important part of [the] context" in which
we interpret text); Katzmann 38 ("Legislative history...
can help [judges] understand what the law means").
Here, the statutory and legislative history is clear: Con-
gress did not set out to change the causal-nexus require-
ment with its 2011 amendment. Rather, the "relating to"
addition was motivated by a problem entirely separate from
the causal-nexus requirement.
At the time of the amendment, 40 States had laws au-
thorizing private parties to compel document production or
depositions before they commenced a lawsuit. See Removal
Clarification Act of 2010: Hearing on H. R. 5281 before the
Subcommittee on Courts and Competition Policy of the
House Committee on the Judiciary, 111th Cong., 2d Sess.,
1 (2010) (House Hearings).* Federal officers were some-
times the target of such presuit discovery proceedings.
H. R. Rep. No. 112 -- 17, pt. 1, pp. 3 -- 4 (2011) (H. R. Rep.).
Courts were split, however, on whether federal officers
could remove presuit discovery proceedings to federal court
under (1). House Hearings, at 1 -- 2; compare Price
v. Johnson, 600 F. 3d 460, 462 (CA5 2010) (reviewing Dis-
trict Court order determining such a proceeding was not re-
movable), with In re Subpoena In Collins, 524 F. 3d 249,
251 (CADC 2008) (determining such a proceeding was re-
movable).

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*The House Hearings were for a predecessor bill proposed the year be-
fore the Removal Clarification Act was passed. That predecessor bill in-
cluded the "or relating to" language that was ultimately enacted. See
H. R. 5281, 111th Cong., 2d Sess., (2) (2010).
4 CHEVRON USA INC. v. PLAQUEMINES PARISH

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

Congress amended the federal officer removal statute to
clarify that presuit discovery proceedings targeting federal
officers were removable. H. R. Rep., at 4. Congress made
substantive changes to that end; for example, it specifically
stated that "any proceeding" in which "a judicial order, in-
cluding a subpoena for testimony or documents, is sought
or issued" was removable. (1), 125 Stat. 545 (codified
at 28 U. S. C. (1)); see H. R. Rep., at 4.
Congress also made several "conforming amendments.", 125 Stat. 545. The addition of the "or relating to" lan-
guage to (1) was one of them. 125 Stat. 545 (refer-
ring to this change as a "conforming amendment"); accord,
House Hearings, at 44 (describing this as a "minor chang[e]
to existing [to] make it consistent" with the sub-
stantive changes). The addition of "or relating to" was not
a substantive change.
C
That the addition of "or relating to" was a "conforming
amendment" is meaningful. Congress rarely changes the
substance of a statute through "mere conforming amend-
ment[s]." INS v. Stevic, (1984). Such
amendments are typically "minor tweak[s]," intended to
harmonize or clarify amended statutory provisions. Cyan,
Inc. v. Beaver County Employees Retirement Fund, (2018); accord, Stevic, 467 U. S., at 428.
Thus, it would be passing strange to conclude that "Con-
gress made a radical -- but entirely implicit -- change" to the
standard for federal officer removal through a conforming
amendment. Director of Revenue of Mo. v. CoBank ACB,
(2001).
And indeed, the legislative history here confirms that
Congress did no such thing. It makes crystal clear that the
Removal Clarification Act was "not changing the underly-
ing removal law," but was instead simply clarifying that
would apply "anytime a legal demand is made on a
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

Federal officer for any act done under their official capac-
ity." House Hearings, at 2; see id., at 13 (testimony of the
House General Counsel that the bill "does not alter the
standard for general removal for Federal officer removal
under [§]1442"); id., at 17 ("[U]nder the terms of the
bill..., each of the currently existing requirements of the
federal officer removal statute still must be met for removal
to be permitted"); 157 Cong. Rec. 2792 (2011) (statement of
Rep. Jackson Lee that the bill "does not make any changes
to the underlying removal law"). Moreover, the history es-
tablishes that Congress knew the removal law it was
amending required a causal nexus. See H. R. Rep., at 3
("Federal officers... must demonstrate a causal connection
between the charged conduct and asserted official author-
ity"). So, with full knowledge of the causal-nexus test, Con-
gress made only a "conforming" change -- it did not alter the
substantive requirements for removal.
This is not to say that the "or relating to" language served
no purpose. By adding it, Congress confirmed that sub-
poena enforcement and presuit discovery proceedings "fall
within the scope of Section 1442." House Hearings, at 20
(testimony of the House General Counsel).
The nature of presuit discovery proceedings necessitated
such confirmation. Presuit discovery proceedings seek to
get information, not to accuse the target of engaging in un-
lawful conduct. Thus, to describe a subpoena or a deposi-
tion as being "for" unlawful conduct is factually inaccurate.
If the statute permitted removal of only those proceedings
that are "for" federally directed conduct, then arguably that
statutory provision would not authorize removal of presuit
discovery proceedings. But presuit discovery proceedings
are "related to" a defendant's federally directed conduct.
See Brief for Former Governor John Bel Edwards as Ami-
cus Curiae 12 -- 13. So, "[b]ecause the amended would
now include proceedings that do not seek to impose civil li-
ability or a criminal penalty on the federal officer, [the
6 CHEVRON USA INC. v. PLAQUEMINES PARISH

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

statute] allows removal not only in proceedings 'for' acts un-
der color of the federal office but also in proceedings 'relat-
ing to' such acts." House Hearings, at 68 (statement of Ar-
thur D. Hellman, University of Pittsburgh School of Law).
In short, by adding "or relating to," Congress confirmed
that the substantive changes "broaden[ed] the universe of
acts that enable Federal officers to remove to Federal
court." H. R. Rep., at 6. The amendment clarified that pre-
suit discovery proceedings were squarely within "the uni-
verse of acts" that a federal officer could remove. But Con-
gress did not intend to change any of the underlying
removal requirements -- including the causal-nexus test.
II
Although the majority and I interpret the "for or relating
to" requirement differently, we agree that the state lawsuit
here satisfies this requirement. The lawsuit targets Chev-
ron's crude-oil production activities. And as the majority
explains, Chevron's predecessor contracted with the Fed-
eral Government during the Second World War to produce
aviation gasoline ("avgas"), a product refined from crude oil.
Ante, at 3 -- 4.
Chevron used much of the crude oil it pumped from its
Louisiana oil fields to refine into avgas during the war.
This was no accident. The crude oil from Chevron's Louisi-
ana fields was particularly well-suited for refining into
avgas, and the Federal Government pushed its refiners, in-
cluding Chevron, to produce more and more avgas. Ante, at
10. This in turn demanded an ever-increasing supply of
crude oil. Ibid. Chevron therefore produced crude oil, at
least in part, to meet the demands of its federal contracts -- 
satisfying the causal-nexus requirement.
The Fifth Circuit erred in concluding that the removal
statute's "for or relating to" requirement was not met under
the circumstances presented here. It faulted Chevron for
failing to identify a specific contractual directive
 Cite as: 608 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

JACKSON, J., concurring in judgment

"pertaining to oil production." Plaquemines Parish v. BP
America Production Co., 103 F. 4th 324, 341 (2024). But
Chevron's federal contracts can be a but-for cause of
the challenged crude-oil production without specifically di-
recting that production. Because the Fifth Circuit's
contractual-directive demand goes a step further than even
the causal-nexus test, I agree with the majority that the
Fifth Circuit's judgment must be vacated.

============================================================

JUSTICE THOMAS delivered the opinion of the Court.
Countless people use the Internet for legal activities, but
some use it to illegally share copyrighted works, such as
songs and movies. The Copyright Act authorizes copyright
owners to sue these copyright infringers. 17 U. S. C., 504(a). In this case, however, instead of suing
those infringers, the copyright owners sued petitioners, Cox
Communications, Inc., and its subsidiary, who provided the
Internet connections that the infringers used. They con-
tended that Cox was itself liable for copyright infringement
because it continued to provide known infringers with In-
ternet access.
Based on this theory of infringement, respondents, Sony
Music Entertainment and other major copyright owners,
secured a billion-dollar verdict against Cox. The United
States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit agreed that
because Cox provided Internet service to known infringers,
it was a willful infringer itself.
Under our precedents, a company is not liable as a copy-
right infringer for merely providing a service to the general
public with knowledge that it will be used by some to in-
fringe copyrights. Accordingly, we reverse.
2 COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC. v. SONY MUSIC
ENTERTAINMENT
Opinion of the Court

I
A
Under the Copyright Act, copyright owners have the ex-
clusive rights to copy, distribute, and digitally transmit
their copyrighted works.. So, for example, if a musi-
cian has a copyright for a song recording, others generally
cannot copy and share that recording without the musi-
cian's permission. The Copyright Act provides that "[a]ny-
one who violates any of the exclusive rights of the copyright
owner... is an infringer of the copyright.". A will-
ful infringer faces statutory damages of up to $150,000 per
work. (2).
This Court has also recognized two categories of second-
ary copyright liability, which means liability for the copy-
right infringement of another. Those two categories are
"contributory" liability and "vicarious" liability. Metro-
Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc. v. Grokster, Ltd., (2005). This case concerns contributory liability.
The provider of a service is contributorily liable for a
user's infringement if it intended its service to be used for
infringement. To establish that a provider intended its ser-
vice to be used for infringement, a copyright owner must
show one of two things. First, it can show that a party af-
firmatively "induc[ed]" the infringement. Ibid. Or, second,
it can show that the party sold a service tailored to infringe-
ment. Id., at 942 (Ginsburg, J., concurring). Patent law,
with which copyright law has a "historic kinship," Sony
Corp. of America v. Universal City Studios, Inc., (1984), tracks these two requirements. See 35
U. S. C., (c).
In 1998, Congress passed the Digital Millennium Copy-
right Act, 17 U. S. C. et seq., which gave service pro-
viders a safe-harbor defense to secondary copyright liabil-
ity. Under the DMCA safe-harbor defense, service
providers cannot be secondarily liable for certain forms of
copyright infringement if they have implemented "a policy
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

that provides for the termination in appropriate circum-
stances of subscribers and account holders" who "are re-
peated infringers." (1)(A). At the same time, the
DMCA specifies that failure to qualify for the safe-harbor
defense "shall not bear adversely upon the consideration of
a defense by the service provider that the service provider's
conduct is not infringing.".
B
Cox Communications, Inc., is an Internet service provider
that serves about 6 million subscribers. Each subscriber's
account is associated with a unique Internet Protocol, or
"IP," address. Many users can share a particular IP ad-
dress. For example, a household, coffee shop, or college dor-
mitory ordinarily has one IP address, but has multiple in-
dividual users.
Internet service providers, such as Cox, have limited
knowledge about how their Internet services are used and
who uses them. They do know which IP address corre-
sponds to which subscriber's account, but they cannot dis-
tinguish one individual user from another. For instance, if
an Internet service provider learns that someone illegally
downloaded music from a coffee shop's IP address, the In-
ternet service provider cannot determine which individual
at the coffee shop infringed the copyright. And, more gen-
erally, Internet service providers also cannot directly con-
trol how their Internet services are used.
Sony Music Entertainment and the other plaintiffs in
this case are major music copyright owners. They have
struggled to protect their copyrights in the age of online mu-
sic sharing. Today, anyone with an Internet connection and
easily obtained software can upload digital copies of copy-
righted music and make them available for others to down-
load. This practice often infringes the owners' exclusive
rights to copy and distribute their works., (3).
4 COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC. v. SONY MUSIC
ENTERTAINMENT
Opinion of the Court

Copyright owners can, and do, sue the individuals who in-
fringe their copyrights in this manner. See, e.g., Sony BMG
Music Entertainment v. Tenenbaum, 660 F. 3d 487, 490
(CA1 2011). However, because online infringement is so
widespread, pursuing each individual infringer does little
to stem the tide.
Given the difficulty of pursuing individual infringers,
Sony attempted to enlist Internet service providers such as
Cox to help it enforce its copyrights. It enlisted the services
of an entity called MarkMonitor to track infringement of its
copyrights across the Internet. MarkMonitor's software
can detect when copyrighted works are illegally uploaded
or downloaded and trace the infringing activity to a partic-
ular IP address. It can also identify the Internet service
provider for the infringing IP address. When MarkMonitor
detects apparently infringing activity, it sends notices to
the Internet service provider, identifying the IP address at
which the infringement occurred. In the roughly 2-year pe-
riod at issue here, MarkMonitor sent Cox 163,148 such no-
tices.
Cox states that it took steps to limit copyright infringe-
ment by those using its Internet services. According to Cox,
it created a system of responding to the notices that it re-
ceived from MarkMonitor. After the second MarkMonitor
notice for a subscriber's account, Cox sent a warning to that
subscriber. After additional notices, Cox terminated Inter-
net access to that subscriber's IP address until the sub-
scriber responded to the warning. If it continued to receive
notices for that IP address, Cox suspended service until the
subscriber called and received a warning over the phone.
After 13 notices, the subscriber was subject to termination
of all Internet service. Cox also contractually prohibits its
subscribers from using their connection "to post, copy,
transmit, or disseminate any content that infringes the pa-
tents, copyrights... or proprietary rights of any party." 2
App. 405.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

The parties disagree about how to characterize Cox's ef-
forts to protect Sony's copyrights. Sony points out that Cox
terminated only 32 subscribers for infringement during the
claim period, even as it terminated hundreds of thousands
of subscribers for nonpayment during the same period.
Brief for Respondents 18. Sony also points to statements
from Cox employees expressing frustration with the notices
and an unwillingness to act on them in favor of protecting
revenue from subscriber payments. Id., at 22. Cox resists
this characterization by pointing out that its warning and
suspension system ended 98% of identified infringement.
Brief for Petitioners 10 -- 11.
C
Sony sued Cox in the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Virginia. It advanced two theories of
secondary copyright liability.
First, Sony alleged that Cox was contributorily liable for
its users' infringement. Sony argued that Cox contributed
to its users' infringement by continuing to provide Internet
service to subscribers whose IP addresses it knew were as-
sociated with infringement. Second, Sony alleged that Cox
was vicariously liable for its users' infringement. On Sony's
telling, Cox "profit[ed] directly from the infringement and
ha[d] a right and ability to supervise the direct infringer[s],"
Grokster, 545 U. S., at 930, because it provided paying
subscribers with Internet service that was then used to in-
fringe. According to Sony's allegations, Cox was liable for
willfully infringing 10,017 copyrighted works, subjecting it
to up to $1.5 billion in statutory damages.
In the District Court, Sony prevailed as to both contribu-
tory and vicarious liability. The jury found in favor of Sony
on both theories. 464 F. Supp. 3d 795, 807 -- 808 (ED Va.
2020). It also found that Cox's infringement was willful,
6 COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC. v. SONY MUSIC
ENTERTAINMENT
Opinion of the Court

awarding $1 billion in statutory damages. Ibid. The Dis-
trict Court denied Cox's post-trial motion for judgment as a
matter of law in relevant part. Id., at 847.*
The Fourth Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in part.
It affirmed as to contributory liability because Cox contin-
ued to provide Internet service to known infringers. Apply-
ing Circuit precedent, it reasoned that "supplying a product
with knowledge that the recipient will use it to infringe cop-
yrights is exactly the sort of culpable conduct sufficient for
contributory infringement." 93 F. 4th 222, 236 (2024) (cit-
ing BMG Rights Mgmt. (US) LLC v. Cox Communications,
Inc., 881 F. 3d 293, 308 (2018)). The Fourth Circuit re-
versed as to vicarious liability because it concluded that Cox
did not "receiv[e] a direct financial benefit from its subscrib-
ers' infringement." 93 F. 4th, at 233. The court then va-
cated the damages award and remanded for the jury to re-
assess damages based on contributory liability alone.
We granted Cox's petition for a writ of certiorari as to con-
tributory liability. (2025). We denied Sony's
petition for a writ of certiorari regarding vicarious liability.
(2025).
II
A
"The Copyright Act does not expressly render anyone lia-
ble for infringement committed by another." Sony, 464
U. S., at 434. Ordinarily, when Congress intends to impose
secondary liability, it does so expressly. See Central Bank
of Denver, N. A. v. First Interstate Bank of Denver, N. A.,
-- 177 (1994). Although our precedents

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Cox could not invoke the DMCA safe-harbor defense based on its ef-
forts to reduce infringement because an earlier decision had foreclosed
that defense for the relevant period. 93 F. 4th 222, 228 (CA4 2024) (cit-
ing BMG Rights Mgmt. (US) LLC v. Cox Communications, Inc., 881 F. 3d
293, 301 -- 305 (CA4 2018)).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

have recognized specific forms of secondary copyright liabil-
ity that predated the Copyright Act, we are loath to expand
such liability beyond those precedents.
B
The provider of a service is contributorily liable for the
user's infringement only if it intended that the provided ser-
vice be used for infringement. The intent required for con-
tributory liability can be shown only if the party induced
the infringement or the provided service is tailored to that
infringement. Grokster, 545 U. S., at 930; Sony, 464 U. S.,
at 440 -- 441.
A provider induces infringement if it actively encourages
infringement through specific acts. Grokster, 545 U. S., at
942 (Ginsburg, J., concurring). For example, in Grokster,
we held that a jury could find two file-sharing software com-
panies liable for inducement. Id., at 941 (majority opinion).
The companies promoted and marketed their software as a
tool to infringe copyrights. Id., at 926. The "principal ob-
ject" of their business models "was use of their software to
download copyrighted works." Ibid. Other decisions have
held providers liable for similar conduct. See Kalem Co. v.
Harper Brothers, -- 63 (1911) (finding liabil-
ity where "[t]he defendant not only expected but invoked by
advertisement the use of its films" for infringement of an
author's copyright); Henry v. A. B. Dick Co., 
(1912) (finding liability because the sale was made "with
the purpose and intent" that the object be used for patent
infringement), overruled on other grounds, Motion Picture
Patents Co. v. Universal Film Mfg. Co., 
(1917).
A service is tailored to infringement if it is "not capable
of 'substantial' or 'commercially significant' noninfringing
uses." Grokster, 545 U. S., at 942 (Ginsburg, J., concurring). In Sony, copyright owners
sued the maker and the retailers of the Betamax video tape
8 COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC. v. SONY MUSIC
ENTERTAINMENT
Opinion of the Court

recorder. Id., at 422. The tape recorder could be used to
record copyrighted television programs for later personal
viewing, which would not constitute infringement. Id., at
449. On the other hand, it could also be used to reproduce
and sell copyrighted television programming, which would
constitute infringement. Ibid. The lower court found the
Betamax maker liable because the tape recorder was "not
suitable for any substantial noninfringing use" and in-
fringement "was either the most conspicuous use or the ma-
jor use of the Betamax product." Id., at 428 (internal quo-
tation marks omitted). This Court reversed, concluding
that "[t]he Betamax is... capable of substantial nonin-
fringing uses" -- like personal use -- so "sale of such equip-
ment to the general public does not constitute contributory
infringement." Id., at 456.
These two forms of contributory infringement track pa-
tent law. See Grokster, 545 U. S., at 942 (Ginsburg, J., con-
curring). Under 35 U. S. C., "[w]hoever actively in-
duces infringement of a patent shall be liable as an
infringer." Such liability requires that the party express
"an affirmative intent that the product be used to infringe."
Grokster, 545 U. S., at 936. Under, a party is liable
when it sells a product used for infringement "knowing the
same to be especially made or especially adapted for use in
an infringement of such patent."
This Court has repeatedly made clear that mere
knowledge that a service will be used to infringe is insuffi-
cient to establish the required intent to infringe. In Kalem
Co., the Court explained that "mere indifferent supposition
or knowledge on the part of the seller" that the buyer will
use the product unlawfully is "not enough" to make the
seller liable for the buyer's conduct. 222 U. S., at 62. In
Sony, the Court explained that "[t]here is no precedent in
the law of copyright" for liability based only "on the fact that
[the defendant] has sold equipment with constructive
knowledge of the fact that its customers may use that
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

equipment to make unauthorized copies of copyrighted ma-
terial." 464 U. S., at 439. And, in Grokster, the Court con-
firmed that "a court would be unable to find contributory
infringement liability merely based on a failure to take af-
firmative steps to prevent infringement." 545 U. S., at 939,.
III
Thus, Cox is not contributorily liable for the infringement
of Sony's copyrights. Cox provided Internet service to its
subscribers, but it did not intend for that service to be used
to commit copyright infringement. Holding Cox liable
merely for failing to terminate Internet service to infringing
accounts would expand secondary copyright liability be-
yond our precedents.
Cox neither induced its users' infringement nor provided
a service tailored to infringement. As for inducement, Cox
did not "induce" or "encourage" its subscribers to infringe in
any manner. Id., at 930. Sony provided no "evidence of ex-
press promotion, marketing, and intent to promote" in-
fringement. Id., at 926. And, Cox repeatedly discouraged
copyright infringement by sending warnings, suspending
services, and terminating accounts. As for providing a ser-
vice tailored to infringement, Cox's Internet service was
clearly "capable of 'substantial' or 'commercially significant'
noninfringing uses." Id., at 942 (Ginsburg, J., concurring).
Cox did not tailor its service to make copyright infringe-
ment easier. Cox simply provided Internet access, which is
used for many purposes other than copyright infringement.
The Fourth Circuit found otherwise based only on its Cir-
cuit precedent establishing a new form of contributory lia-
bility. The court did not suggest that Cox induced its users
to infringe. 93 F. 4th, at 235,. And, it did not deny that
Cox's service was "capable of substantial lawful use and not
designed to promote infringement." Id., at 236. Rather, the
court held that "supplying a product with knowledge that
10 COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC. v. SONY MUSIC
ENTERTAINMENT
Opinion of the Court

the recipient will use it to infringe copyrights is... suffi-
cient for contributory infringement." Ibid.; see also BMG,
881 F. 3d, at 311 -- 312. The Fourth Circuit's holding thus
went beyond the two forms of liability recognized in Grok-
ster and Sony. It also conflicted with this Court's repeated
admonition that contributory liability cannot rest only on a
provider's knowledge of infringement and insufficient ac-
tion to prevent it. See Kalem Co., 222 U. S., at 62; Sony,
464 U. S., at 439; Grokster, 545 U. S., at 939,.
IV
Finally, Sony argues that the DMCA safe harbor would
have no effect if Internet service providers are not liable for
providing Internet service to known infringers. Brief for
Respondents 38. The DMCA safe harbor protects Internet
service providers that terminate repeat infringers "in ap-
propriate circumstances." 17 U. S. C. (1)(A). Sony
argues that Congress must have enacted the DMCA on the
presumption that Internet service providers could be held
liable in cases such as these.
Sony overreads the DMCA. Sony does not contend that
the DMCA expressly imposes liability for Internet service
providers who serve known infringers. It does not. The
DMCA merely creates new defenses from liability for such
providers. And, the DMCA made clear that failure to com-
ply with the safe-harbor rules "shall not bear adversely
upon... a defense by the service provider that the service
provider's conduct is not infringing.".
V
The judgment of the Court of Appeals for the Fourth Cir-
cuit is reversed, and the case is remanded for further pro-
ceedings consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 171
_________________

COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC., ET AL., PETITIONERS
v. SONY MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT, ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT
[March 25, 2026]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE JACKSON joins,
concurring in the judgment.
Cox Communications, an internet service provider, re-
ceives thousands of notices every day that specific Cox-sup-
plied internet connections have been used to infringe copy-
rights. The Court granted certiorari to decide whether Cox
can be held secondarily liable for copyright infringement
committed by others on its network because Cox knowingly
continues to service specific internet connections that have
been, and will continue to be, used to commit that infringe-
ment.
The majority holds that Cox is not liable solely because
its conduct does not fit within the two theories of secondary
liability previously applied by this Court. In so doing, the
majority, without any meaningful explanation, unneces-
sarily limits secondary liability even though this Court's
precedents have left open the possibility that other com-
mon-law theories of such liability, like aiding and abetting,
could apply in the copyright context. By ignoring those past
decisions, the majority also upends the statutory incentive
structure that Congress created.
I nonetheless agree with the majority that Cox cannot be
held liable here for a different reason. Plaintiffs cannot
prove that Cox had the requisite intent to aid copyright
2 COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC. v. SONY MUSIC
ENTERTAINMENT
SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

infringement for Cox to be liable on a common-law aiding-
and-abetting theory. I therefore concur in the judgment.
I
The Copyright Act does not expressly provide for second-
ary liability. See Sony Corp. of America v. Universal City
Studios, Inc., (1984). Still, this Court
has recognized that there are two types of secondary liabil-
ity under the Copyright Act: vicarious and contributory lia-
bility. See ibid. The former attaches when a party has con-
trol over another's infringing activity and fails to stop it,
and the latter attaches when a party materially contributes
in some way to another's infringement. See Metro-
Goldwyn-Mayer Studios Inc. v. Grokster, Ltd., (2005); see also Gershwin Publishing Corp. v. Co-
lumbia Artists Mgmt., Inc., 443 F. 2d 1159, 1162 (CA2 1971)
(discussing vicarious and contributory liability). This case
comes to the Court with only contributory liability remain-
ing at issue.
As the majority explains, this Court's cases have held
that contributory liability for copyright infringement may
attach in at least two circumstances. The first is when a
defendant distributes or provides a product or service that
is incapable of "commercially significant noninfringing
uses." Sony, 464 U. S., at 442. In other words, the product
or service must be " 'good for nothing else' but infringe-
ment." Grokster, 545 U. S., at 932. The Court applied that
doctrine in Sony, and held that Sony was not
liable for copyright infringement for selling the Betamax, a
tape-recorder device that enabled users to record television
shows for later watching. Id., at 442. Regardless of
whether the Betamax could be used to commit infringe-
ment, the Court reasoned, it was also capable of "commer-
cially significant noninfringing uses," such as recording a
show for personal viewing at home after it aired. Ibid.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

The second circumstance in which contributory liability
may attach is when a party induces another to commit in-
fringement. The Court applied this rule in Grokster,. There, the defendants distributed peer-to-peer
file sharing software that had lawful uses but also enabled
massive amounts of copyright infringement as users shared
copyrighted materials with one another without authoriza-
tion. Id., at 919 -- 922. Drawing from the common law, the
Court held that a party can be liable for the infringements
of another if it takes " 'active steps... to encourage direct
infringement,' such as advertising an infringing use or in-
structing how to engage in an infringing use." Id., at 936
(citation omitted). The Court found that the software dis-
tributors had done just that by advertising their software
to users of previous infringing services, declining to imple-
ment filters or other policies to weed out infringing content,
and relying on a revenue model tied to high-volume use of
their software. Id., at 939 -- 940.
II
I agree with the majority that neither of the two prior
theories of secondary liability applied by this Court covers
Cox's conduct. See ante, at 9 -- 10. The majority is wrong,
however, that those are or should be the only two forms of
secondary liability for copyright infringement. The major-
ity's artificial limiting of secondary liability is supported by
neither precedent nor statute.
A
To determine whether Cox may be held liable, the major-
ity starts by correctly explaining that "[t]he provider of a
service is contributorily liable for the user's infringement
only if it intended that the provided service be used for in-
fringement." Ante, at 7; see infra, at 7 -- 12. The majority,
however, errs in the very next sentence. It asserts, with no
meaningful explanation, that "[t]he intent required for
4 COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC. v. SONY MUSIC
ENTERTAINMENT
SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

contributory liability can be shown only if the party induced
the infringement or the provided service is tailored to that
infringement." Ante, at 7. Because plaintiffs do not satisfy
those theories of contributory liability, according to the ma-
jority, their claims cannot succeed.
The inflexible limit the majority imposes is nowhere to be
found in either Sony or Grokster, the only authorities that
the majority cites, see ante, at 7. Beginning with Sony, alt-
hough that case acknowledged that the Copyright Act does
not expressly provide for secondary liability, it also clarified
that "[t]he absence of such express language in the copy-
right statute does not preclude the imposition of" secondary
liability, such as vicarious and contributory liability, be-
cause both forms of liability are "imposed in virtually all
areas of the law." 464 U. S., at 434 -- 435; see id., at 436
(Contributory liability principles are " 'recognized in every
part of the law' "). Far from supporting the majority's limi-
tation of secondary liability, Sony teaches that the scope of
secondary liability for copyright infringement should be de-
fined by reference to other areas of the law. Id., at 435 -- 437.
The Court reinforced this point in Grokster. In that case,
the Ninth Circuit attempted to limit contributory liability
to the circumstances Sony confronted. This Court reversed,
explaining that Sony neither "displace[d] other theories of
secondary liability" nor "foreclose[d] rules of fault-based li-
ability derived from the common law." 545 U. S., at 934 -- 
935. Instead, all Sony did was "limi[t] imputing culpable
intent as a matter of law from the characteristics or uses of
a distributed product." 545 U. S., at 934. "[N]othing in
Sony," the Court said, "requires courts to ignore evidence of
intent if there is such evidence." Ibid.
Properly understood, Sony and Grokster preserved other
forms of secondary liability derived from the common law.
The majority, however, does not even mention that Grokster
expressly held the door open to other common-law liability
rules. Instead, all the majority offers is that it is "loath to
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

expand [secondary] liability" further based on the general
principle that "[o]rdinarily, when Congress intends to im-
pose secondary liability, it does so expressly." Ante, at 6 -- 7.
That principle, however, is irrelevant here because this
Court held over 40 years ago that the Copyright Act im-
pliedly provides for secondary liability. See Sony, 464 U. S.,
at 434 -- 435. Stare decisis requires this Court to apply that
holding fairly, not ignore or artificially constrain it. Indeed,
"stare decisis carries enhanced force when a decision... in-
terprets a statute." Kimble v. Marvel Entertainment, LLC,
(2015). Whatever the majority may
think of Sony and Grokster, those decisions have "effectively
become part of the [copyright] statutory scheme." Kimble,
576 U. S., at 456. Whether that statutory scheme imposes
liability under these circumstances must be decided accord-
ing to what those cases said, not what the majority might
wish they had said. Adhering to precedent is even more
important where, as here, Congress has legislated based on
this Court's decisions.
B
The majority's limiting of secondary liability here dis-
mantles the statutory incentive structure that Congress
created. Congress passed the Digital Millennium Copy-
right Act (DMCA) in 1998, 14 years after this Court held in
Sony that the Copyright Act impliedly provided for second-
ary liability. At the time, the internet was exploding in pop-
ularity. Without knowing more about the outer bounds of
secondary liability for copyright infringement, and faced
with a rapidly changing technological landscape, Congress
included in the DMCA a safe harbor that shields internet
service providers (ISPs) like Cox from secondary liability for
copyright infringement. To gain that protection, they must
"adop[t] and reasonably implemen[t]... a policy that pro-
vides for the termination in appropriate circumstances" of
subscribers who repeatedly infringe copyrights using the
6 COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC. v. SONY MUSIC
ENTERTAINMENT
SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

ISP's network. 17 U. S. C. and (i)(1)(A). Im-
portantly, Congress did not provide that ISPs could never
be secondarily liable for copyright infringement. Instead, it
struck a balance by creating incentives for ISPs to take rea-
sonable steps to prevent copyright infringement on their
networks, while also assuring ISPs that they do not need to
take on the impossible task of responding to every instance
of infringement on their networks.
The majority's new rule completely upends that balance
and consigns the safe harbor provision to obsolescence.
Typically, this Court tries " ' "to give effect, if possible, to
every clause and word of a statute." ' " TRW Inc. v. Andrews,
(2001). After today, however, ISPs no
longer face any realistic probability of secondary liability
for copyright infringement, regardless of whether they take
steps to address infringement on their networks and re-
gardless of what they know about their users' activity. See
Tr. of Oral Arg. 14 (counsel for Cox agreeing that it "would
have no liability risk" based on knowledge alone). For ex-
ample, under the majority's rule, an ISP faces no liability if
it sells an internet connection to a company that the ISP
knows runs a website that exclusively hosts illegally ob-
tained copyrighted material. That ISP also faces no liabil-
ity even if it sells a connection to a customer who walks into
the store and says that he needs a new internet connection
because the other, more scrupulous ISP in town cut his con-
nection after years of unabated piracy.
The majority's decision thus permits ISPs to sell an inter-
net connection to every single infringer who wants one
without fear of liability and without lifting a finger to pre-
vent infringement. It also means that Cox is free to aban-
don its current policy of responding to copyright infringe-
ment. As Cox's counsel conceded at oral argument, under
the rule the majority adopts today, the safe harbor provi-
sion will not "d[o] anything at all" going forward, id., at 28 -- 
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

29. Congress did not enact the safe harbor just so that this
Court could eviscerate it.*
III
Instead of artificially limiting secondary liability, the
Court should have examined whether some other "rul[e] of
fault-based liability derived from the common law" might
hold Cox liable for copyright infringement committed on its
network. Grokster, 545 U. S., at 934 -- 935. Plaintiffs argue
that Cox is liable because it materially contributed to in-
fringement by servicing internet connections that it knew
would be used to commit infringement. That argument is
rooted in the common-law doctrine of aiding and abetting.
That doctrine, however, requires plaintiffs to show that Cox
intended to aid infringement, and the facts of this case fore-
close that inference.
A
This Court has addressed common-law civil aiding-and-
abetting liability twice in recent years. In both cases, it
held that aiding-and-betting liability requires proof that
the defendant aided another with the intent of helping that
other person succeed in committing wrongful conduct.
The first of this Court's recent cases is Twitter, Inc. v.
Taamneh, (2023). There, the plaintiff alleged
that social media platforms had aided and abetted a terror-
ist attack by ISIS because they knowingly hosted content,
posted by ISIS and its followers, that was intended to
spread ISIS propaganda, recruit members, and raise funds.
Id., at 481. The platforms also allegedly promoted that con-
tent via their algorithms. Ibid. The plaintiffs asserted that
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
*Under the majority's view, ISPs could still face secondary liability if
they design their service to facilitate infringement or if they promote
their service as infringement friendly. The safe harbor, however, is not
intended to help an ISP facing liability on either of those two theories
because it requires that an anti-infringement policy be "reasonably im-
plemented." 17 U. S. C. (1)(A).
8 COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC. v. SONY MUSIC
ENTERTAINMENT
SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

the platforms had not done enough to "detect and remove a
substantial number of ISIS-related accounts, posts, and
videos." Ibid.
This Court held that the platforms could not be held lia-
ble as aiders and abettors based on the complaint's allega-
tions. After surveying lower court cases and common-law
sources, the Court identified the "conceptual core that has
animated aiding-and-abetting liability for centuries: that
the defendant consciously and culpably 'participate[s]' in a
wrongful act so as to help 'make it succeed.' " Id., at 493
). Put another way, "the defendant has to take some
'affirmative act' 'with the intent of facilitating the offense's
commission.' " 598 U. S., at 490 ). The plaintiffs'
claims did not plausibly meet this standard, however, be-
cause they failed to allege that pro-ISIS accounts or content
received "any special treatment." 598 U. S., at 498. Nor did
they allege any other facts sufficient to overcome the "at-
tenuated... nexus" between the platforms' actions and the
ISIS attack or establish that the platforms intended to aid
that attack. Id., at 506.
Importantly, Twitter emphasized that "the concep[t] of
aiding and abetting" does not "lend [itself] to crisp, bright-
line distinctions," ibid., but rather "should be understood in
light of the common law," id., at 497. The common law, in
turn, recognizes that intent can sometimes be inferred from
what the defendant knew when he acted. The Second Re-
statement of Torts explains that this kind of knowledge-
based intent can be found where "the actor knows that the
consequences are certain, or substantially certain, to result
from his act, and still goes ahead." Restatement (Second)
of Torts, Comment b (1963 -- 1964). In these circum-
stances, the actor "is treated by the law as if he had in fact
desired to produce the result." Ibid. For example, someone
who gives a gun to another, knowing with certainty that the
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

other person will shoot someone with it, could be found to
have intentionally aided a shooting even if he did not desire
for anyone to be shot. If the recipient shoots someone with
that gun, then under the common law, the person who gave
the shooter the gun could be held liable for aiding and abet-
ting the shooting. See id., and Comment d (1977);
Restatement (Third) of Torts: Liability for Economic Harm, Comment c (2018).
This theory of intent requires a sufficiently specific show-
ing of knowledge. In Smith & Wesson Brands, Inc. v. Esta-
dos Unidos Mexicanos, (2025), this Court re-
jected secondary liability for gun manufacturers whose
guns were used by Mexican drug cartels to commit violence
in Mexico due to insufficient allegations of intent. Id., at
291. There, Mexico alleged that the gun manufacturers had
aided and abetted the unlawful gun sales that routed guns
to those cartels. Id., at 287 -- 289. As the Court observed,
there was "little doubt that, as the complaint asserts, some
[unlawful] sales take place -- and that the manufacturers
know they do." Id., at 294. Nonetheless, applying the prin-
ciples of aiding-and-abetting liability discussed in Twitter,
the Court concluded that Mexico had not plausibly alleged
that the gun manufacturers had " 'participate[d] in' " the il-
licit sale of guns to the cartels such that they sought " 'by
[their] action to make' " those sales succeed. 605 U. S., at
294 (second alteration in original). It observed that Mexico
had "se[t] for itself a high bar" to clear because it did not
"pinpoint, as most aiding-and-abetting claims do, any spe-
cific criminal transactions." Ibid. Instead, Mexico
"level[ed] a more general accusation: that all the manufac-
turers assist some number of unidentified rogue gun deal-
ers in making a host of firearm sales in violation of various
legal bars." Ibid. The "systemic nature" of those more gen-
eralized allegations, the Court explained, required "plausi-
ble allegations of 'pervasive, systemic, and culpable assis-
tance.' " Ibid..
10 COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC. v. SONY MUSIC
ENTERTAINMENT
SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

Mexico's allegations failed to clear that high bar. To
start, Mexico did not allege that the gun manufacturers had
treated unlawful actors any differently from lawful actors.
605 U. S., at 295. Mexico also failed to account for the fact
that gun manufacturers sold the guns to middlemen dis-
tributors, whom the manufacturers did not control, who
then sold the guns to illicit dealers. Id., at 295 -- 296. Even
if the gun manufacturers knew everything the distributors
did, the Court continued, Mexico failed to allege plausibly
that the manufacturers knew, or even could learn, which
dealers were selling guns to the cartels. Id., at 296 -- 297.
Without that knowledge, or further evidence of the manu-
facturers' intent, the Court held that Mexico's allegations
did not satisfy the standards necessary to impose aiding
and abetting on the manufacturers because those allega-
tions did not plausibly show that they had participated in
the unlawful sales to make them succeed. Id., at 296 -- 299.
B
These principles of aiding-and-abetting liability and in-
tent resolve this case. Plaintiffs must prove that Cox in-
tended to aid, and therefore help make succeed, copyright
infringement committed by those who use its network. To
do so, plaintiffs point out that Cox, having received copy-
right-violation notices, knew that specific connections it
services have been, and will continue to be, used to infringe
copyrights. Because Cox nonetheless continued to service
those connections, plaintiffs argue that the jury could have
found that Cox intended to facilitate infringement commit-
ted using those connections.
This record, however, cannot support finding the neces-
sary intent for aiding-and-abetting liability to attach. To
begin, Cox is merely supplying internet service to its cus-
tomers. Nothing about that conduct is inherently culpable:
Most internet traffic is lawful, and supplying an internet
connection is just as consistent with lawful purposes as it is
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

with unlawful purposes. See id., at 292 ("[R]outine and gen-
eral activity that happens on occasion to assist in a crime... is unlikely to count as aiding and abetting").
Nor have plaintiffs shown that Cox intended to aid spe-
cific instances of infringement. That is because, based on
plaintiffs' evidence, Cox does not actually know that specific
users will commit infringement using Cox's network. Cox
supplies internet connections to a wide range of customers,
ranging from single users all the way to smaller regional
ISPs. When Cox receives a copyright violation notice, how-
ever, the notice specifies only which connection was used to
infringe, not who used it to commit infringement.
That informational gap is fatal here. As Smith & Wesson
explained, aiding-and-abetting liability most commonly at-
taches where the defendant aided a specific instance of un-
lawful conduct. Id., at 294. Often, that requires the plain-
tiff to show that the defendant, at a minimum, knew who
the "principals" in the alleged unlawful acts were. Id., at
295 -- 296. Here, however, plaintiffs have not shown that
Cox had specific knowledge of who committed the infringing
conduct. Take, for example, a connection sold to a single-
family home. Cox, after receiving three notices of copyright
violations, would know only that that home's connection is
substantially certain to be used again in the future to com-
mit infringement. Yet Cox would have no knowledge (in-
deed, plaintiffs have not shown that Cox has any way of
knowing) who within the household committed infringe-
ment. Nor, for that matter, have plaintiffs show any way
for Cox to know if the infringer was a neighbor who might
have the Wi-Fi password. Without that knowledge, it is not
reasonable to infer that Cox intended to aid infringement
committed by another person just because it provided an
internet connection to some unknown infringer.
This problem is even more glaring when it comes to con-
nections that serve hundreds or thousands of users. For
instance, Cox provides internet service to regional ISPs who
12 COX COMMUNICATIONS, INC. v. SONY MUSIC
ENTERTAINMENT
SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

in turn supply internet service to thousands of users. Given
the numbers involved, it is hardly surprising that Cox has
received many copyright-violation notices as to connections
supplied to regional ISPs. Still, Cox does not know who
among a regional ISP's thousands of customers is commit-
ting infringement, even if it knows that someone has in-
fringed in the past and that someone will infringe in the
future.
In this scenario, the regional ISP is akin to the middle-
men in Smith & Wesson: Like the middlemen who pur-
chased lawful firearms and then redirected them to a mix
of lawful and unlawful dealers, the regional ISP is purchas-
ing lawful internet service and redirecting it to a range of
users, some of whom will use the service lawfully and some
who will use it unlawfully. See id., at 294 -- 296. Further-
more, just as the gun manufacturers in Smith & Wesson did
not have control over the middlemen, Cox similarly does not
have control over the regional ISP. Id., at 295 -- 296. Given
this degree of removal from the infringing activity and Cox's
incomplete knowledge, Cox cannot be found to have in-
tended to aid in any specific instance of infringement com-
mitted using the connection that Cox provides to the re-
gional ISP. The same is true for connections Cox provides
to university housing, hospitals, military bases, and other
places that are likely to have many different users.
Without proof that Cox knew more about individual in-
stances of infringement, and without evidence of "perva-
sive, systemic, and culpable assistance" needed to support
a more generalized theory of liability, see Twitter, 598 U. S.,
at 502, plaintiffs have at most shown that Cox was "indif-
ferent" to infringement conducted via the connections it
sells. Id., at 500. Mere indifference, however, is not enough
for aiding and abetting liability to attach. Smith & Wesson,
605 U. S., at 297.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., concurring in judgment

* * *
The facts of this case do not establish the requisite intent
needed to hold Cox liable for infringement that occurred on
its network. Because the majority needlessly curtails sec-
ondary liability in a manner inconsistent with both prece-
dent and statute, I concur only in the judgment.

============================================================

JUSTICE THOMAS delivered the opinion of the Court.
The United States enjoys sovereign immunity and cannot
be sued without its consent. By means of the Federal Tort
Claims Act, Congress waived that sovereign immunity for
certain tort suits based on the conduct of Government em-
ployees. See 28 U. S. C., 1346(b). But, in the provi-
sion at issue in this case, Congress retained sovereign im-
munity for a wide range of claims about mail. Specifically,
the FTCA's postal exception retains sovereign immunity for
all claims "arising out of the loss, miscarriage, or negligent
transmission of letters or postal matter.". This
case concerns whether this exception applies when postal
workers intentionally fail to deliver the mail. We hold that
it does.
I
A
The United States Postal Service is a frequent point of
contact between citizens and the Federal Government. In
2024, the Postal Service's more than 600,000 employees de-
livered more than 112 billion pieces of mail -- over 300 mil-
lion a day -- to more than 165 million delivery points. See
2 POSTAL SERVICE v. KONAN

Opinion of the Court

United States Postal Service, Fiscal Year 2024 Annual Re-
port to Congress 3, 29, 32, 34. Unsurprisingly, given this
volume, not all mail arrives properly and on time. The
Postal Service reports receiving approximately 335,000 cus-
tomer complaints per year. See Brief for Petitioners 24.
Because it is a Government agency, recourse against the
Postal Service in the form of lawsuits for money damages is
limited. As part of "the executive branch of the Government
of the United States," 39 U. S. C., "the Postal Service
enjoys federal sovereign immunity absent a waiver," Dolan
v. Postal Service, (2006). Before 1946,
that sovereign immunity generally prevented those injured
by Government employees from receiving compensation
through lawsuits. See Molzof v. United States, (1992). That year, Congress enacted a "limited
waiver" of immunity through the FTCA. Id., at 305. Sub-
ject to enumerated exceptions, the FTCA allows a plaintiff
to sue the Government for injuries or loss of property
"caused by the negligent or wrongful act or omission of " a
federal employee "acting within the scope of his office or em-
ployment." 28 U. S. C. (1).
The FTCA's postal exception retains the Government's
sovereign immunity for lawsuits about failing to properly
carry or deliver mail. It forecloses "[a]ny claim arising out
of the loss, miscarriage, or negligent transmission of letters
or postal matter.". This Court has interpreted the
postal exception to apply when the plaintiff is harmed "be-
cause mail either fails to arrive at all or arrives late, in dam-
aged condition, or at the wrong address." Dolan, 546 U. S.,
at 489.
B
This case arises from the dismissal of a complaint, so we
accept the complaint's allegations as true, although the
Government disputes them. National Rifle Association of
America v. Vullo, (2024). Respondent
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

Opinion of the Court

Lebene Konan owns two houses a block apart in Euless,
Texas -- one on Saratoga Drive and the other on Trenton
Lane. Konan leases rooms to tenants in both houses and
occasionally stays at them herself. The Postal Service de-
livers mail for all the houses in the neighborhood to a cen-
tral structure with a box for each house. The Postal Service
distributes keys to the owners of the houses so that they can
retrieve their mail. As the homeowner, Konan received the
keys to the boxes for both houses. Konan kept the keys and
distributed the mail to her tenants daily, and she also re-
ceived some of her own mail at the Saratoga address.
Konan's grievances with her mail service began in May
2020. After Konan noticed that no mail had arrived at her
Saratoga house in several days, she learned that the as-
signed carrier had changed the listed owner from Konan's
name to a tenant's name. The same carrier then authorized
a change of the lock to allow the tenant to have his own mail
key without Konan's consent. Konan confronted the em-
ployees at the local post office about these changes. A su-
pervisor at the local post office explained to Konan that the
Postal Service would stop delivering mail to her Saratoga
address until the Postal Service Inspector General's office
investigated and determined the proper owner. Konan then
received no mail to the Saratoga address for a couple of
months before service resumed.
Konan then learned that the same carrier had mail ad-
dressed to her and her tenants returned to senders as "un-
deliverable." As a result, Konan and her tenants did not
receive important mail. Konan resorted to private carriers.
The disruptions in mail service resulted in the loss of ten-
ants and made it more difficult for Konan to attract new
tenants. The carrier also taped a red notice inside the mail-
box stating that mail addressed to some, but not all, of the
Saratoga residents could be delivered to the box. In 2021,
postal workers also allegedly stopped delivering mail to the
4 POSTAL SERVICE v. KONAN

Opinion of the Court

Trenton house after discovering that Konan owned it as
well.
In response, Konan signed up for the Postal Service's "In-
formed Delivery" service, which allows customers to view
scans of incoming mail. When she discovered that mail on
its way to her addresses was not being delivered, she re-
quested that the mail for the Saratoga residence be held at
the post office so that she could retrieve it in person. But
the postal employees did not give her the mail because Ko-
nan failed to provide identification for the addressees. In
addition to these efforts, Konan also filed administrative
complaints, but without success.
C
In January 2022, Konan sued the United States in fed-
eral court. Konan alleged that the Postal Service intention-
ally and wrongfully withheld her mail. As relevant here,
Konan brought claims under state law for nuisance, tor-
tious interference with prospective business relations, con-
version, and intentional infliction of emotional distress.
She sought damages for loss of rental income, the depriva-
tion of her rightful mail, and the distress that the postal
workers caused her.*
The District Court dismissed Konan's complaint based on
sovereign immunity. Relying on the postal exception, it
concluded that the United States enjoys sovereign immun-
ity from her claims "because they all relate to 'personal or
financial harms arising from nondelivery... of sensitive
materials or information...' and other mail." 652 F. Supp.
3d 721, 731 (ND Tex. 2023). The Court of Appeals affirmed. 96
F. 4th 799, 804 -- 805 (CA5 2024). We denied Konan's cross-petition for
certiorari regarding those claims, so they are not before us. (2025).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

Opinion of the Court

489). The District Court held that the postal exception is
not limited to merely negligent failure to properly carry the
mail. 652 F. Supp. 3d, at 730 -- 731.
The Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit reversed. It
held that "the terms 'loss,' 'miscarriage,' and 'negligent
transmission' do no not encompass the intentional act of not
delivering the mail at all." 96 F. 4th 799, 804 (2024). It
reasoned that Konan's claims did not arise out of the "loss"
of mail "because the mail was not destroyed or misplaced
by unintentional action." Id., at 802. It
also reasoned that Konan's claims did not arise from the
"miscarriage" of mail "because there was no attempt at a
carriage." Ibid. And it reasoned that Konan's claims did
not arise from the "negligent transmission" of mail because
"the postal workers' actions were intentional." Ibid.
The Fifth Circuit's decision conflicts with those of the
First and Second Circuits, which have interpreted the
postal exception to apply to suits even when they arise from
harms caused by intentional misconduct. See Levasseur v.
United States Postal Serv., 543 F. 3d 23, 23 -- 24 (CA1 2008)
(per curiam); Marine Ins. Co. v. United States, 378 F. 2d
812, 813 -- 814 (CA2 1967). We granted certiorari to resolve
the split. (2025).
II
The postal exception retains the Federal Government's
sovereign immunity for "[a]ny claim arising out of the loss,
miscarriage, or negligent transmission of letters or postal
matter." 28 U. S. C.. The postal exception reflects
Congress's judgment that redress for "harms" of "the sort
primarily identified with the Postal Service's function of
transporting mail throughout the United States" should not
come from tort suits. Dolan, 546 U. S., at 489. Given the
frequency of postal workers' interactions with citizens,
those suits would arise so often that they would create a
significant burden for the Government and the courts. And
6 POSTAL SERVICE v. KONAN

Opinion of the Court

their cost to taxpayers would depend on the value and im-
portance of the mail's contents, over which the Government
typically has no control. See, e.g., Marine Ins. Co., 378
F. 2d, at 813 (theft from mail of six emeralds valued at
$152,190 in 1967 dollars).
According to Konan and the dissent, the postal exception
does not apply to Konan's claims because she alleges that
postal workers intentionally refused to deliver her mail.
We disagree. Both "miscarriage" and "loss" of mail under
the postal exception can occur as a result of the Postal Ser-
vice's intentional failure to deliver the mail.
A
Absent a reason to think otherwise, we interpret statu-
tory terms according to the ordinary meanings they had
when they were enacted. Wisconsin Central Ltd. v. United
States, (2018). When Congress enacted
the FTCA in 1946, the "miscarriage" of mail ordinarily in-
cluded any failure of mail to properly arrive at its intended
destination. Konan would limit "miscarriage" to uninten-
tional failures or failures where the mail went to the wrong
address. Neither limitation is well founded.
Dictionaries published around the time Congress enacted
the FTCA confirm that a "miscarriage" of mail happened
when mail failed to arrive properly. Two dictionaries indi-
cate that "miscarriage" of mail meant the "failure of a letter... to reach its destination." 2 New Century Dictionary of
the English Language 1069 (1927); accord, 6 Oxford Eng-
lish Dictionary 497 (1933 ed.) ("The failure (of a letter, etc.)
to reach its destination"). In a third, "miscarriage" meant
the "[f]ailure (of something sent) to arrive." Webster's New
International Dictionary 1568 (2d ed. 1934) (Webster's Sec-
ond). Definitions of "miscarry" were similarly broad. Ibid.
("To fail of reaching the destination"); 6 Oxford English Dic-
tionary, at 498 ("To fail to reach its proper destination").
Something can "fail" to happen as a result of intentional
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

Opinion of the Court

misconduct. See, e.g., 26 U. S. C. (1940 ed.) (imposing
a penalty for "failure to make and file [a tax] return" "unless
it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause and
not due to willful neglect"). Because a "miscarriage" in-
cludes any failure of mail to arrive properly, a person expe-
riences a miscarriage of mail when his mail is delivered to
his neighbor, held at the post office, or returned to the
sender -- regardless of why it happened. Konan's claims
about the Postal Service's willful failure to deliver her mail
therefore result from the miscarriage of her mail.
We disagree with Konan's attempt to limit "miscarriage"
to negligent failures of mail to arrive properly. Brief for Re-
spondent 19 -- 20; accord, post, at 9 (SOTOMAYOR, J., dissent-
ing). Neither Konan nor the dissent cites any dictionaries
imposing this limitation. Instead, Konan cites examples of
uses of the term "miscarriage" that suggest that the miscar-
riage in question was unintentional, such as an 1868 tele-
graph-law decision explaining that a telegraph company
should not be liable "for every mistake, miscarriage, or ac-
cidental delay that may occur." United States Tel. Co. v.
Gildersleve, 29 Md. 232, 246 (1868). We agree that miscar-
riage of mail can be unintentional, but "the fact that the
phrase was commonly used in a particular context does not
show that it is limited to that context." District of Columbia
v. Heller, (2008).
In fact, ordinary speakers used "miscarriage" to refer to
problems with mail caused by intentional misconduct.
When a mail pouch was "stolen," a newspaper reported that
the letters "[m]iscarried." Kansas City Star, Oct. 20, 1911,
p. 6A. When a priest failed to receive a summons because
it was "burned by an ecclesiastic," the headline read "His
Letter Miscarried." The Carbondale Leader, Jan. 3, 1893,
p. 1. And when litigants' documents failed to arrive, courts
classified "miscarriage" of mail as an excuse, without any
suggestion as to whether the carrier acted intentionally.
See, e.g., Lake v. Lake, 63 Wyo. 375, 402, 182 P. 2d 824, 835
8 POSTAL SERVICE v. KONAN

Opinion of the Court

(1947) (per curiam); Wagner v. Lucas, 79 Okla. 231, 232 -- 
233, 193 P. 421, 422 -- 423 (1920). We see no reason to sup-
pose that these uses of "miscarriage" were extraordinary.
Konan separately contends that a "miscarriage" of mail
happens only when the mail goes to the "wrong address,"
not when it is (like her mail) held at the post office or re-
turned to the sender. Brief for Respondent 15. We again
decline to impose a limitation that has no basis in the dic-
tionaries or ordinary usage. Speakers used the term "mis-
carriage" when the mail failed to reach its intended desti-
nation, regardless of where it ended up. One newspaper,
for example, explained that a letter " '[m]iscarried' " because
it was " 'delayed.' " Muskogee Times-Democrat, June 15,
1934, p. 1. Another ran a story in which a correspondent's
"letter miscarried and came too late." Jersey City, N. J.,
The Evening Journal, June 10, 1907, p. 10. And a court de-
scribed mail mistakenly left "in the post office" as having
"miscarried." Heinrich v. First Nat. Bank, 219 N. Y. 1, 4, 6,
113 N. E. 531, 531 -- 532 (1916).
We decline Konan's invitations to "artificially narrow or-
dinary meaning." Bartenwerfer v. Buckley, 
(2023). A "miscarriage of mail" includes failure of the mail
to arrive at its intended destination, regardless of the car-
rier's intent or where the mail goes instead.
B
Konan's withholding claims also arise out of the "loss" of
mail and are therefore within the postal exception. 28
U. S. C.. When Congress enacted the FTCA, the
"loss" of mail ordinarily meant a deprivation of mail, re-
gardless of how the deprivation was brought about. So, like
"miscarriage," intentional refusal to deliver mail could
cause the "loss" of mail.
A "loss" of mail is a deprivation of mail. "Loss is a generic
and relative term; it is not a word of limited, hard and fast
meaning." Black's Law Dictionary 1094 (4th ed. 1968). But
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

Opinion of the Court

it is commonly used to refer to any "deprivation" or "that
which is withheld," id., at 1095, such as when someone suf-
fers the loss of property in a fire or the loss of income from
being laid off. Webster's defined "loss" as the "[a]ct or fact
of losing (in various senses) or suffering deprivation." Web-
ster's Second 1460. Oxford English Dictionary defined it as
"being deprived of, or the failure to keep" something. 6 Ox-
ford English Dictionary, at 452. One can, of course, suffer
a deprivation of something when another intentionally
keeps that thing for himself. Konan alleged that she was
"entitled to possession" of her mail but that the Postal Ser-
vice "converted" it. App. to Pet. for Cert. 58a -- 59a. Conver-
sion means that Konan was "deprived of the use and pos-
session of the property" in question. Black's Law Dictionary
421 (12th ed. 2024). Konan's claims therefore arise out of
the loss of her mail.
As with "miscarriage," we disagree with Konan's attempt
to limit "loss" to only inadvertent losses. See Brief for Re-
spondent 27 -- 28; post, at 6 -- 7 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). A
loss can be the result of another person's intentional mis-
conduct. One can, for example, suffer a tax "loss" that re-
sults from "embezzlement." See, e.g., Burnet v. Huff, (1933). An army can suffer "loss" of soldiers
as a result of the intentional conduct of the enemy. Funk &
Wagnalls New Standard Dictionary of the English Lan-
guage 1465 (1942 ed.). And, in the mail context, ordinary
speakers commonly described a "loss" of mail from theft, in-
cluding theft by the carrier. Just a year before Congress
enacted the FTCA, the Army explained that "[v]irtually all
loss of mail through theft occurs at terminal transfer points
outside this country." Pittsfield, Mass., Berkshire Evening
Eagle, Feb. 9, 1945, p. 3. A few years ear-
lier, a reported "[l]oss of [l]ocal [m]ail" was caused by a
rogue "mail handler, who admitted the theft of considerable
mail during the past few months." Belvidere News, Dec. 3,
1936, p. 1. Pre-FTCA decisions also described a "loss" of
10 POSTAL SERVICE v. KONAN

Opinion of the Court

mail when the carrier stole it. E.g., Boerner v. United
States, 117 F. 2d 387, 387 -- 388 (CA2 1941); Martin v.
United States, 280 F. 513, 514 (CA4 1922).
We also disagree with Konan's, and the dissent's, rejoin-
der that the postal exception applies only when the Postal
Service lost the mail. See post, at 7 -- 8. Congress could have
written the postal exception to apply only when "the Postal
Service lost, miscarried, or negligently transmitted" mail.
But Congress applied the postal exception to all "claim[s]
arising out of the loss, miscarriage, or negligent transmis-
sion" of mail. It described kinds of harms, not kinds of ac-
tions by the postal workers. See Dolan, 546 U. S., at 489;
contra, post, at 4 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). We decline to
rescue Konan's claims by inserting the Postal Service as the
sentence's subject and then converting the three nouns into
three verbs. Cf. Terry v. United States, 
(2021) ("[W]e will not convert nouns to adjectives and vice
versa").
Our interpretation of "loss" is also consistent with the
principal provision of the FTCA. Under that provision, a
plaintiff must allege a "loss of property... caused by the
negligent or wrongful act or omission" of a federal em-
ployee. 28 U. S. C. (1). All agree that this provi-
sion includes losses caused by intentional misconduct and
does not require that the Government "lost" anything. Be-
cause Congress used "loss" in this sense in the FTCA's prin-
cipal provision, our interpretation adheres to the unrebut-
ted presumption that "the term bears a consistent meaning
throughout" the FTCA. See Azar v. Allina Health Services,
(2019).
Last, Konan proposes limiting "loss" to only "destruc-
tion." She contends that the "primary" meaning of "loss" in
1946 was "destruction," not any other kind of deprivation.
Brief for Respondent 25 -- 26. But, as we have explained, or-
dinary speakers referred to "losses" of mail, even when the
mail was not destroyed. Judge Cardozo wrote that when an
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

Opinion of the Court

envelope fell behind a radiator in the post office, it caused
the "loss" of the checks inside even though they were later
recovered. Heinrich, 219 N. Y., at 4, 113 N. E., at 531. And,
contemporaneous regulations treated "loss" and "destruc-
tion" separately, not, as Konan suggests, synonymously.
See, e.g., Postal Laws and Regulations (1940 ed.) (de-
laying certain procedures until officials have "determined
that such loss, destruction, or damage resulted from no
fault or negligence on the part of " a postmaster). Konan
asserts that "destruction" was the "primary" meaning of
loss because it was listed as the first definition in dictionar-
ies. Brief for Respondent 25 -- 26. But, "[a]lthough many
people assume that the first sense listed in a dictionary is
the 'main' sense, that is often quite untrue." A. Scalia & B.
Garner, Reading Law: The Interpretation of Legal Texts
418 (2012). The definitions Konan pointed to were listed
first because they were the oldest, not because they were
primary. See 1 Oxford English Dictionary, at xxxi ("[T]hat
sense is placed first which was actually the earliest in the
language... "); 1 New Century Dictionary, at iii ("In gen-
eral, the senses of each word are arranged, as far as possi-
ble, in the order of their derivation and development from
the original source... "); Webster's New International Dic-
tionary ix (1927) (following "[ t]he principle of historical ar-
rangement followed in the earlier editions"). We do not pre-
sume that Congress intended the oldest usage, but rather
the ordinary one in 1946, and contemporaneous evidence
shows that Konan's usage was not the primary one.
III
Konan proffers two remaining arguments that her claims
must not be barred by the postal exception. We address
them in turn.
First, Konan argues that the postal exception's "negligent
transmission" category narrows the meaning of "miscar-
riage" and "loss." She argues that the qualifier "negligent"
12 POSTAL SERVICE v. KONAN

Opinion of the Court

in the term "negligent transmission" implicitly qualifies the
other two terms. But Congress intentionally limited the
"negligent" qualifier to "transmission" and did not use it to
qualify "loss" or "miscarriage." Konan's "argument seems
to assume that pairing a broad statutory term with a nar-
row one shrinks the broad one, but there is no such general
usage." S. D. Warren Co. v. Maine Bd. of Environmental
Protection, (2006). Just like "a limiting
clause or phrase... should ordinarily be read as modifying
only the noun or phrase that it immediately follows," an ad-
jective before the final noun in a list cannot be transplanted
to qualify the preceding nouns. Barnhart v. Thomas, (2003). We also do not think that the "negli-
gent" qualifier suggests that Congress was trying to enable
suits involving intentional misconduct. Contra, post, at 5 -- 
6 (opinion of SOTOMAYOR, J.). If Congress had written the
postal exception to refer to all "transmission" of mail, the
category -- unlike "miscarriage" and "loss" -- would have en-
compassed claims that involved mail even though nothing
went wrong with its transport or delivery. See Dolan, 546
U. S., at 486 (acknowledging the broad meaning of "trans-
mission" in isolation). The inclusion of "negligent" to qual-
ify "transmission" forecloses that result and thereby keeps
the focus of the postal exception on mail-delivery problems,
but, in doing so, it does not limit the other two categories.
Second, Konan argues that our interpretations of "mis-
carriage" and "loss" run afoul of the presumption against
surplusage. On our interpretation, she argues, many
claims -- including Konan's here -- will arise from both a
"miscarriage" and a "loss" of mail, making one or the other
redundant. To solve the surplusage, Konan proposes three
nonoverlapping definitions: "Loss" covers "damage" to mail;
"miscarriage" covers "what happens" to mail "when it leaves
the USPS's custody and ends up in the wrong place"; and
"negligent transmission" covers "detention or delays of the
mail while still in the USPS's possession." Brief for
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

Opinion of the Court

Respondent 9. Konan's proposal is inconsistent with ordi-
nary meaning, which shows that these terms were often
used in an overlapping manner. See, e.g., Heinrich, 219
N. Y., at 4 -- 6, 113 N. E., at 531 -- 532 (describing "[t]he loss
of the checks" that "miscarried in the mails"); Brevard v.
Wimberly, 89 Mo. App. 331, 338 -- 339 (1901) ("miscarriage
of... packages" could lead to "the loss of a registered pack-
age"). And, in Dolan, the Court interpreted the terms in the
postal exception to substantially overlap. See 546 U. S., at
487. The canon against surplusage is subordinate to the
"cardinal canon" that "a legislature says in a statute what
it means and means in a statute what it says there." Con-
necticut Nat. Bank v. Germain, -- 254
(1992). We think that Congress likely used broad, overlap-
ping terms to better keep complaints about mail delivery
out of court.
IV
We hold that the postal exception covers suits against the
United States for the intentional nondelivery of mail. We
do not decide whether all of Konan's claims are barred by
the postal exception, or which arguments Konan ade-
quately preserved. We vacate the judgment of the Court of
Appeals and remand the case for further proceedings con-
sistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 1

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 24 -- 351
_________________

UNITED STATES POSTAL SERVICE, ET AL.,
PETITIONER v. LEBENE KONAN
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[February 24, 2026]

JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR, with whom JUSTICE KAGAN,
JUSTICE GORSUCH, and JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting.
For two years, respondent Lebene Konan and her tenants
did not receive mail addressed to the rental properties that
Konan owned. According to Konan, negligence was not to
blame. Quite the opposite: She alleges that United States
Postal Service employees intentionally withheld delivery
because they did not like " 'that a black person own[ed]' " the
properties and " 'lease[d] rooms... to white people.' " 652
F. Supp. 3d 721, 725 (ND Tex. 2023).
Konan brought this action under the Federal Tort Claims
Act (FTCA) against the United States to recover damages
she sustained as a result of this alleged years-long harass-
ment campaign. The United States is generally protected
by sovereign immunity, but Congress, through the FTCA,
has enacted a capacious waiver of that immunity for tort
suits when an individual is harmed by a federal employee
acting within the scope of her employment. That waiver,
however, is subject to several exceptions. Today, the Court
holds that one exception -- the postal exception -- prevents
individuals from recovering for injuries based on a postal
employee's intentional misconduct, including when an em-
ployee maliciously withholds their mail. Because this read-
ing of the postal exception transforms, rather than honors,
the exception Congress enacted, I respectfully dissent.
2 POSTAL SERVICE v. KONAN

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

I
The FTCA serves a simple purpose: " 'to remove the sov-
ereign immunity of the United States from suits in tort.' "
Levin v. United States, (2013). This
"broad waiver" of immunity, Millbrook v. United States, (2013), allows an individual harmed by a fed-
eral employee "acting within the scope of his office or em-
ployment" to recover for "injury or loss of property, or per-
sonal injury or death caused by the" employee's "negligent
or wrongful act or omission," 28 U. S. C. (1); see
United States v. Yellow Cab Co., (1951)
(describing the waiver as "sweeping").
Congress has also enacted several exceptions preserving
the United States' immunity in some circumstances. See
(listing 13 such exceptions). The exceptions "are de-
signed to protect certain important governmental functions
and prerogatives from disruption." Molzof v. United States,
(1992). They thus "mark the 'boundary
between Congress' willingness to impose tort liability upon
the United States and its desire to protect certain govern-
mental activities from exposure to suit by private individu-
als.' " Ibid.
At the same time, courts must be careful not to interpret
these exceptions too broadly. "'[U]nduly generous interpre-
tations,' " this Court has warned, " 'run the risk of defeating
the central purpose of the statute'" -- to " 'waiv[e] the Gov-
ernment's immunity from suit in sweeping language.' " Do-
lan v. Postal Service, (2006) ; Yel-
low Cab, 340 U. S., at 547). To harmonize these considera-
tions, " 'the proper objective of a court attempting to con-
strue one of the'" exceptions " 'is to identify those
circumstances which are within the words and reason of the
exception -- no less and no more.' " Dolan, 546 U. S., at 492
).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 3

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

This case calls on the Court to interpret the postal excep-
tion, which covers "[a]ny claim arising out of the loss, mis-
carriage, or negligent transmission of letters or postal mat-
ter.". The wording of this exception is noticeably
narrower than some of its neighbors. For example, all
claims for "damages caused by the fiscal operations of the
Treasury or by the regulation of the monetary system" are
barred.. So too are all "claim[s] arising from the
activities of the Tennessee Valley Authority," the "Panama
Canal Company," and "a Federal Bank, a Federal interme-
diate credit bank, or a bank for cooperatives,",
(m), (n).
By comparison, Congress did not paint with as broad of a
brush in designing the postal exception. Like it had for
these other agencies and activities, Congress could have
granted immunity for all "claims arising from the mail ac-
tivities of the Postal Service." Instead, Congress identified
certain "misconduct for which the Government was not as-
suming financial responsibility -- namely, 'the loss, miscar-
riage, or negligent transmission of letters or postal mat-
ter.' " Kosak, 465 U. S., at 855. By using "specificity" over
"generality," it follows that Congress intended for this ex-
ception "to be less encompassing" than the coverage pro-
vided by the broader exceptions, and for the Government to
"assum[e] financial responsibility" for certain classes of
"misconduct" related to postal activities. Ibid.
This Court has already identified some of those classes.
In Kosak, the Court explained that claims arising from car
accidents caused by postal employees delivering mail fall
outside the exception. Ibid. In Dolan, the Court recognized
a second class of claims for slip and falls caused by an em-
ployee negligently placing a package on a porch step. 546
U. S., at 483. Today, I would have affirmed the Fifth Cir-
cuit's well-reasoned decision that acknowledged a third
class: claims concerning intentional misconduct committed
4 POSTAL SERVICE v. KONAN

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

by postal employees, which would necessarily include with-
holding a person's mail for malicious reasons.
II
A
The postal exception's text shows that Congress did not
intend to immunize intentional misconduct. Recall that the
exception covers the "loss," "miscarriage," and "negligent
transmission" of mail.. As Kosak observed, the
terms describe three categories of "misconduct" that postal
employees can commit without incurring liability for the
United States. 465 U. S., at 855. The majority, however,
contends that these terms focus on "harms" rather than
Government wrongdoing, citing Dolan. Ante, at 2, 5, 10. To
be sure, Dolan described these terms as "harm[s]," but in
the same breath, it also emphasized that the three terms
protect "only a subset of postal wrongdoing." 546 U. S., at
490.
A focus on misconduct is consistent with most other
FTCA exceptions, which generally are triggered by certain
types of Government conduct, rather than the type of harm
the plaintiff experiences. For instance, some exceptions di-
rectly cover different "act[s] or omission[s]" of Government
employees, (discretionary acts), (e) (administer-
ing -- 31 of Title 50). Another addresses intentional ac-
tions by employees, capturing, for example, assault, bat-
tery, false imprisonment, and other intentional torts like
them.. A different group immunizes the "activi-
ties" of a given Government instrumentality., (l),
(m), (n). Yet a different subset describes a specific type of
Government action, such as the "assessment or collection of
any tax or customs duty,", the "imposition or es-
tablishment of a quarantine,", and the "fiscal op-
erations of the Treasury,". The focus of each is on
the Government conduct. The same is necessarily true of
the postal exception.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 5

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

The key question is thus as follows: What kind of miscon-
duct falls within the " 'words and reason' " of the postal ex-
ception? Dolan, 546 U. S., at 492. All signs point to Congress leaving intentional
misconduct outside of the exception's scope.
1
Begin with "negligent transmission." This term covers
"negligence causing mail to be lost or to arrive late, in dam-
aged condition, or at the wrong address." Dolan, 546 U. S.,
at 486. It goes without saying that this term therefore does
not immunize intentional misconduct.
Beyond that basic insight, however, Congress's express
inclusion of "negligent transmission" provides other im-
portant clues for deciphering statutory meaning about the
scope of the postal exception. As the majority recognizes, if
Congress had included all claims arising out of the "trans-
mission" of mail in the postal exception, the term "would
have encompassed claims that involved mail even though
nothing went wrong with its transport or delivery." Ante,
at 12. To avoid that outcome, Congress needed to add a
narrowing modifier to focus on when things go wrong.1
Critically, Congress did not have to choose "negligent" as
that modifier (or the only modifier). Congress could have,
for example, modified "transmission" with both "negligent"
and "wrongful." Doing so would have avoided the problem
the majority identifies while also clarifying that both clas-
ses of conduct fall within the exception's scope. Yet Con-
gress elected to immunize negligent conduct alone. Its
choice to do so carries significance. It raises the natural
inference that Congress intended for at least some inten-
tional wrongdoing related to transmitting mail to fall out-
side the scope of the exception.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Congress did not need to add "negligent" before "miscarriage" or "loss"

because the ordinary meaning of those terms, plus statutory context, con-
vey inadvertence on their own. See infra, at 6 -- 12.
6 POSTAL SERVICE v. KONAN

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Indeed, before this Court, the Government emphasizes
repeatedly that "negligent transmission" is "significant" be-
cause the term "shows that Congress knew how to exclude
intentional conduct when it wanted to." Brief for Petition-
ers 3, 17, 35. Yet, according to the Government and the
majority, this was a hollow choice. In their view, Congress
excluded some set of intentional conduct through the "neg-
ligent transmission" modifier only to sweep that conduct
back into the exception through "miscarriage" and "loss."
The majority adopts the Government's definition of "mis-
carriage" as capturing situations where "mail fail[s] to ar-
rive properly," regardless of the actor's intent. Ante, at 6.
It also adopts the Government's definition of "loss" as cap-
turing the "deprivation of mail," regardless, again, of the
depriver's intent. Ante, at 8. It is difficult to see how a
postal employee could intentionally transmit mail wrong-
fully -- such as by refusing to deliver the mail, lighting it on
fire, or shredding it into pieces -- without falling within
these definitions of "miscarriage" or "loss." In this world,
Congress did not even need to bother with the modifier to
transmission that it adopted.
Congress did not make this odd choice. As explained be-
low, "loss" and "miscarriage," as used in the postal excep-
tion, do not capture intentional misconduct either.
2
Turn, then, to "loss." As the Government acknowledged
in its petition for certiorari, "loss" is ordinarily understood
to capture unintentional conduct. Pet. for Cert. 14; see also
Webster's New International Dictionary 1460 (2d ed. 1934)
(defining "loss" as an "[a]ct or fact of losing... esp[ecially],
unintentional parting with something of value"). For good
reason: As the Fifth Circuit observed below, "no one inten-
tionally loses something." 96 F. 4th 799, 802 (2024). People
lose their keys when they misplace them, not when they
give them to their children. People lose their mail when it
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 7

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

gets stuck behind a drawer, not when they intentionally
throw it away. If someone said that they "lost" their car, no
one would think it was stolen, only that the person forgot
where they had parked it. The same is true when the Postal
Service loses someone's mail. The reason is an error, not
deliberate wrongdoing.
To reach its contrary result, the majority defines "loss" as
any "deprivation of mail," which it concludes captures all
situations where the individual does not receive mail, no
matter the cause. Ante, at 8. To do so, however, the major-
ity must shift away from a focus on harms that befall the
mail to harms that befall Konan. The majority says that
the postal exception encompasses three "kinds of harms,
not kinds of actions by the postal workers." Ante, at 10. The
majority defines the first two terms, "miscarriage" and
"negligent transmission," to encompass "harms" to the mail.
Yet, under the majority's interpretation, "loss" is an en-
tirely distinct kind of "harm." That is because the mail does
not "suffer a deprivation" in the same way that mail fails to
arrive (miscarriage) or mail is damaged due to negligence
(negligent transmission). The only way "loss" could mean a
"deprivation" is if it were a harm experienced by Konan, not
by the mail. No such inconsistency, however, arises if (as
explained above) all three terms are read to refer to the
Government's misconduct: the Postal Service's loss, miscar-
riage, or negligent transmission of mail. See supra, at 4 -- 5.
When used in this sense, "loss" plainly and sensibly denotes
unintentional conduct, consistent with its ordinary mean-
ing.2
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The Government also contends that "loss" in the postal exception in-

corporates intentional misconduct because it asks "whether the alleged
victims 'lost' mail." Brief for Petitioners 41 (emphasis deleted); Tr. of
Oral Arg. 21 (same). That again requires the same shift in perspective:
asking, on one hand, whether mail was "miscarr[ied]" or "negligently
transmitted" by the Postal Service, and, on the other hand, whether Ko-
nan "los[t]" (and so was deprived of ) her mail.
8 POSTAL SERVICE v. KONAN

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

The majority also invokes the presumption of consistent
usage. It points to the use of "loss" in the FTCA's sovereign
immunity waiver as meaning "deprivation," and argues
that "loss" as used in the postal exception must take on the
same meaning. Ante, at 10. The consistent-usage canon,
however, " 'readily yields' to context," Utility Air Regulatory
Group v. EPA, (2014), and here, compar-
ing the context of the FTCA's waiver to the context of the
postal exception shows that "loss" is being used in two dif-
ferent ways.
The waiver uses "loss" to describe the form of damages an
individual harmed by a federal employee can seek to re-
cover. It states that plaintiffs can bring claims against the
United States for "loss of property" "caused by the negligent
or wrongful act or omission of any employee of the Govern-
ment" while acting within the scope of their employment.
(1). The plaintiff 's "loss" could be due to "negligent
or wrongful" conduct, as the waiver states explicitly. Ibid.
In contrast, the postal exception uses "loss" to describe the
form of the employee's misconduct that is protected from
liability. If an employee lost the mail, the plaintiff suffered
a "loss" under the waiver and the claim arose "out of the
loss" of the mail, meaning the postal exception applies. If
an employee intentionally destroyed the mail, the waiver
would still be implicated because the plaintiff suffered a rel-
evant "loss" for purposes of the waiver. The postal excep-
tion would not apply, however, because the employee de-
stroyed the mail and did not lose it. "Loss" is thus being
clearly used in two different ways and carries two different
meanings.
3
That brings us to "miscarriage." The majority is correct
that "miscarriage" covers misconduct by the Postal Service
that causes mail to "fai[l] to arrive properly," ante, at 6, but
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 9

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the majority is wrong to extend this meaning to cover situ-
ations that involve intentional misconduct.
As the majority recognizes, "miscarriage" commonly co-
vers negligence or inadvertence. Ante, at 7. Indeed, there
are many examples of "miscarriage" being used when mail
"fails to arrive" due to negligence, including as illustrated
by the Government's own cases. See, e.g., Heinrich v. First
Nat. Bank, 219 N. Y. 1, 113 N. E. 531, 531 -- 532 (1916); Elam
v. St. Louis & S. F. R. Co., 117 Mo. App. 453, 93 S. W. 851
(1906); see, infra. From here, as the majority sees it,
mail that is intentionally not delivered, even for malicious
reasons, also "failed to arrive properly," so Congress must
have intended to include intentional misconduct within the
exception by using "miscarriage." Ante, at 6. The majority,
however, offers no persuasive evidence suggesting that
"miscarriage" is commonly used in this way.
To start, the majority relies on several dictionary defini-
tions. Ante, at 6 -- 7. None of those definitions addresses an
individual's mens rea. The phrase "failure to arrive," more-
over, does not immediately suggest intentional wrongdoing.
"A diplomat might 'fail to arrive' at a treaty negotiation if
her flight were cancelled, but no one would describe her as
'failing to arrive' if she deliberately skipped the talks to un-
dermine the treaty ('refused to attend' would be more accu-
rate)." Brief for Respondent 23.
Next, the majority turns to real-life examples. Here, the
majority does not rely on any cases cited by the Govern-
ment. That is not a surprise, as the Government failed to
identify a single example of "miscarriage" being used to de-
scribe mail "failing to arrive properly" due to intentional
misconduct.3 The majority thus searches elsewhere, citing
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 See Reply Brief 8 -- 10 ("miscarriage" when delivery was attempted but returned because
the recipient could not be found); Heinrich v. First Nat. Bank, 219 N. Y.
1, 113 N. E. 531, 531 -- 532 (1916) (mail was "miscarried" when it was mis-
placed behind a radiator due to "the negligence of employees of the post-
10 POSTAL SERVICE v. KONAN

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

examples of its own: two cherry-picked newspaper refer-
ences almost 20 years apart, and at least 30 years before
the enactment of the FTCA, that used "miscarried," not
"miscarriage." Ante, at 7 -- 8. If "miscarriage" were in fact
ordinarily used to describe intentional misconduct, one
might expect that actual examples of the usage would be
easier to come by.
The majority also cites cases in which the reason behind
a "miscarriage" was not identified, but those cases do not
support its position. Ante, at 7 -- 8. How a word is used when
the cause is unknown hardly informs whether an ordinary
speaker would use the same word when the cause is known.
Those cases, moreover, simply reflect the general presump-
tion that issues with mail are typically not a result of inten-
tional misconduct by postal workers. For example, in Lake
v. Lake, 63 Wyo. 375, 182 P. 2d 824 (1947) (per curiam), the
court explained that when a motion arrived in court "a day
too late" due to a "miscarriage of the mails," with no further
cause explained, that " 'mere accident' " should not be held
against the party. Id., at 402, 182 P. 2d, at 835. Similarly,
in Wagner v. Lucas, 79 Okla. 231, 193 P. 421 (1920), the
court described "miscarriage of the mails" as a situation
that "human prudence, foresight, and sagacity... could not
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
office"); Southern Express Co. v. Hill, 81 Ark. 1, 98 S. W. 371, 372 -- 373
(1906) ("miscarriage" due to the sender mistakenly writing the wrong
address); Elam v. St. Louis & S. F. R. Co., 117 Mo. App. 453, 93 S. W.
851 (1906) ("miscarriage" due to the "negligence" of the postal carrier);
Western Home Ins. Co. v. Richardson, 40 Neb. 1, 58 N. W. 597, 598 (1894)
(cause unknown); Fosters v. McKibben, 14 Pa. 168, 170 (1850) (describing
a letter that "miscarrie[s] for want of publication"); People ex rel.
Holdsworth v. Superior Ct., 18 Wend. 675, 678 (N. Y. Sup. Ct. 1837)
(cause unknown)). See also Missouri, K. & T. R. Co. v. Ellis, 53 Okla.
264, 156 P. 226, 228 (1916) (although the cause of the mail arriving late
was unknown, the court referred to the "miscarriage of the mail" as an
"accident"); Kellogg v. Smith, 171 Okla. 355, 42 P. 2d 493, 495 (1935) (per
curiam) (similar); Hogan v. Bailey, 27 Okla. 15, 110 P. 890, 891 (1910)
(similar); Chichester v. Cande, 3 Cow. 39, 48 (N. Y. Sup. Ct. 1824) (simi-
lar).
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 11

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

prevent," like a "mistake in the wording of a telegram." Id.,
at 232 -- 233, 193 P., at 423. Accordingly, the use of the term
"miscarriage" in these cases does not prove that the term
covers intentional misconduct; in context, had the courts
suspected that the late delivery, for instance, was a result
of such misconduct, they likely would have used a different
word.
The contemporaneous Postal Laws and Regulations from
before the FTCA was enacted -- the "backdrop" against
which "Congress enacted the postal exception," Brief for Pe-
titioners 35 -- further undermine the majority's interpreta-
tion. For example, those regulations directed the Division
of Stamps to make adjustments in "cases of loss, miscar-
riage, or detention of stamped supplies in transit." Post Of-
fice Dept., Postal Law & Regs..6 (1940 ed.). This sug-
gests that when the stamped supplies were intentionally
held back and not delivered (i.e., failed to arrive), "deten-
tion" was used instead of "miscarriage," even though, on the
majority's reading, "miscarriage" would have sufficed. The
regulations also directed postal employees to "hold" pack-
ages dropped off for "forwarding" if they contained "destruc-
tive mail matter," to "notify the sender" of the "detention of
the package," and to let them know it cannot be "trans-
ported by mail.". This is another use of "detention" in
the context where, under the majority's view, "miscarriage"
would have been appropriate because the mail "failed to ar-
rive" at its destination. Yet, in each, the cause of the non-
delivery was known, it was not inadvertence, and a differ-
ent term was used.
At most, the majority shows that certain dictionary defi-
nitions of "miscarriage" could conceivably capture inten-
tionally withholding mail, or tearing up a letter into pieces,
or lighting a package on fire -- in all those situations, the
mail "failed to arrive properly." Ante, at 6. "That a defini-
tion is broad enough to encompass one sense of a word,"
however, "does not establish that the word is ordinarily
12 POSTAL SERVICE v. KONAN

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

understood in that sense." Taniguchi v. Kan Pacific Sai-
pan, Ltd., (2012). Here, neither the ma-
jority nor the Government has offered any meaningful evi-
dence supporting the view that "miscarriage" was
commonly used in situations when the mail failed to arrive
properly due to intentional wrongdoing, and that, by includ-
ing "miscarriage" within the postal exception, Congress in-
tended to capture such wrongdoing.
If there were any doubt, the words surrounding "miscar-
riage" resolve it. As the Court in Dolan explained, when
construed in context, "[a] word in a statute may or may not
extend to the outer limits of its definitional possibilities."
546 U. S., at 486. For example, " '[a] word is known by the
company it keeps,' " and " '[w]ords grouped in a list should
be given related meaning.' " Id., at 486 -- 487. Without this
rule, courts risk " 'ascribing to one word a meaning so broad
that it is inconsistent with its accompanying words, thus
giving unintended breadth to the Acts of Congress.' " Yates
v. United States, (2015) (plurality opin-
ion).
Here, reading "miscarriage" to capture intentional mis-
conduct does precisely that. As noted above, the word "loss"
typically connotes negligence, see supra, at 6 -- 7, and the
majority's reading makes Congress's specific inclusion of
the "negligent" modifier for "transmission" entirely ineffec-
tive at serving its purpose -- excluding intentional miscon-
duct. See supra, at 5 -- 6. There also does not appear to be
any good reason why Congress would have wanted one term
("miscarriage," alone) to cover intentional misconduct and
not the other two terms. Indeed, under the majority's broad
definition of "miscarriage," the words "loss" and "negligent
transmission" become no more than "misleading surplus-
age." Yates, 574 U. S., at 546.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 13

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

B
For all these reasons, a faithful interpretation of the
postal exception leads to the conclusion that intentional
misconduct is excluded from its reach. Congress used "over-
lapping" terms in the exception, ante, at 13, but Congress
intended for that overlap to keep claims alleging negli-
gence, not intentional wrongdoing, out of court. This read-
ing gives meaning to Congress's choice to put "negligent"
before "transmission" and to use the words "miscarriage"
and "loss" in their common understanding, and it respects
the "specificity" Congress used in the postal exception as
compared to the broadly worded exceptions Congress used
for other agencies. Kosak, 465 U. S., at 855.
Undeterred by this evidence, the majority gives the
Postal Service the blanket exception Congress withheld. In
its view, the exception immunizes the agency for all inten-
tional and nonintentional actions in the delivery of mail
(apart from auto accidents and slip and falls, as Dolan and
Kosak require). Relying on "loss, miscarriage, and negli-
gent transmission" is an odd way to cover this waterfront.
If Congress had intended this outcome, why not follow the
same approach that it used for other broad exceptions in the
FTCA? See supra, at 3. The answer is that Congress in-
tended no such thing. By expanding the "words and reason"
of the postal exception beyond their "specifi[c]" scope,
Kosak, 565 U. S., at 855, the majority undermines the
" 'sweeping' " waiver of immunity Congress adopted, Dolan,
546 U. S., at 492.
Contrary to the majority's suggestion otherwise, adher-
ing to the text Congress enacted would not flood the Gov-
ernment or courts with frivolous lawsuits.4 That is because
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 The majority points to the 335,000 complaints filed with the Postal

Service each year to suggest that those claims arise out of mail failing to
"arriv[e] properly and on time." Ante, at 2. This is misleading. As Konan
explains, those complaints include "everything from '[r]ude or unprofes-
sional... employee behavior' to '[c]omplaints about... vehicle parking.' "
14 POSTAL SERVICE v. KONAN

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

the FTCA has additional safeguards that bar many claims
premised on intentional misconduct. Liability for the
United States will arise only in the rare situation in which
the employee's intentional conduct is tortious, falls within
the scope of her employment, and falls outside of the due-
care and discretionary-function exceptions. See 28 U. S. C.. For example, the majority cites one case of an
insurance company suing after a federal employee stole an
expensive package it had insured, see ante, at 6, but most
States likely do not consider intentional torts like theft to
fall within an individual's scope of employment, see Re-
statement (Second) of Agency (1957) (torts fall outside
the scope of employment when they are "too little actuated
by a purpose to serve" the employer); Brief for Respondent
43, (collecting cases where theft fell outside the scope
of employment). The United States, accordingly, would not
incur liability in those circumstances or others involving
claims of similar misconduct.
In addition, there are ordinary litigation tools to prevent
any threat of abuses, from Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of
Civil Procedure to the plausibility standards in Bell Atlan-
tic Corp. v. Twombly, (2007), and Ashcroft v.
Iqbal, (2009). These tools suffice in many
other circumstances where the threats of disruption posed
by large volumes of litigation are also high. Other excep-
tions, like the intentional-tort exception, and the
due-care exception, turn on Government officials'
mens rea, and courts are well equipped to assess the plau-
sibility of any given case based on the facts before them.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
Brief for Respondent 43. Submitting a " 'customer complaint,' " moreo-
ver, requires "typing a few sentences into an online form," whereas "[f]il-
ing an FTCA claim requires first exhausting administrative remedies
and then filing suit in court." Ibid. The raw number of complaints there-
fore does not provide an accurate gauge of the consequences for recogniz-
ing that intentional misconduct does not fall within the postal exception.
 Cite as: 607 U. S. ____ (2026) 15

SOTOMAYOR, J., dissenting

Finally, even if ruling for Konan today would mean more
suits against the Government for mail-related intentional
torts tomorrow, that would not provide this Court with au-
thority to change the text Congress enacted. Ultimately,
this regime is the consequence of Congress's choice to have
the exception turn on certain types of misconduct, rather
than providing the Postal Service with a blanket exception.
It is not the role of the Judiciary to supplant the choice Con-
gress made because it would have chosen differently.
* * *
Today, the majority concludes that the postal exception
captures, and therefore protects, the intentional nondeliv-
ery of mail, even when that nondelivery was driven by ma-
licious reasons. Because this interpretation expands the
scope of the exception beyond what it can reasonably sup-
port, and undermines the FTCA's sweeping waiver in the
process, I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 1
Pages 369 -- 407

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
March 5, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 369

Syllabus

BUFKIN v. COLLINS, SECRETARY OF VETERANS
AFFAIRS

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the federal circuit
No. 23 -- 713. Argued October 16, 2024 -- Decided March 5, 2025*
The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) applies a "beneft-of-the-doubt
rule" that tips the scales in a veteran's favor when evidence regarding
any issue material to a service-related disability claim is in "approxi-
mate balance." 38 U. S. C.. Petitioners are veterans who ap-
plied for service-connected post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) dis-
ability benefts and were dissatisfed with the VA's resolution of their
claims. Petitioner Joshua Bufkin claimed that his PTSD stemmed from
his military service, but the VA found no clear link. Petitioner Norman
Thornton obtained service-connected PTSD disability benefts, but the
VA denied his most recent request to increase his disability rating.
These adverse determinations were reviewed de novo by the Board of
Veterans' Appeals, which rendered fnal decisions on behalf of the VA
Page Proof Pending Publication
denying the claims. Petitioners then challenged the adverse determi-
nations before the U. S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims (Veterans
Court). Under, the Veterans Court reviews legal issues de
novo and factual issues for clear error. And under (1), the Vet-
erans Court must "take due account" of the VA's application of the
beneft-of-the-doubt rule. Applying those standards, the Veterans
Court affrmed the VA's adverse beneft determinations, fnding that the
Board's approximate-balance determinations were not clearly errone-
ous. Petitioners then appealed to the Federal Circuit, challenging the
Veterans Court's legal interpretation of (1), and arguing that
the statutory command to "take due account" of the VA's application of
the beneft-of-the-doubt rule requires the Veterans Court to review the
entire record de novo and decide for itself whether the evidence is in
approximate balance. The Federal Circuit rejected this argument and
affrmed.
Held: The VA's determination that the evidence regarding a service-
related disability claim is in "approximate balance" is a predominantly
factual determination reviewed only for clear error. Pp. 379 -- 388.

*Together with Thornton v. Collins, Secretary of Veterans Affairs (see
this Court's Rule 12.4), also on certiorari to the same court.
370 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Syllabus

(a) Under (1)'s plain text, the Veterans Court must "take due
account" of the VA's application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule. This
requirement directs the Veterans Court to give appropriate attention
to the VA's work. The Veterans Court must review the VA's application
of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule "[i]n making the determinations under
subsection (a)." (1). Accordingly, the standards of review
provided in subsection (a) also govern the Veterans Court's review of
beneft-of-the-doubt issues. Section 7261(b)(1) makes explicit the Vet-
erans Court's previously implicit duty to review the VA's application
of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule, pursuant to the standards set forth in
subsection (a). Pp. 379 -- 380.
(b) The appropriate standard of review for any given challenge de-
pends on whether the challenge is factual or legal in nature. The par-
ties contest whether a veteran's challenge to the VA's determination
that the evidence on a particular material issue is not in approximate
balance involves a legal inquiry subject to de novo review, or a factual
fnding, or at least a predominantly factual, mixed question of law and
fact, subject to clear-error review.
The approximate-balance determination involves two steps. First,
the VA reviews each item of evidence and assigns weight to it -- a fact-
fnding inquiry reviewed only for clear error. Second, the VA deter-
Page Proof Pending Publication
mines whether the evidence is in approximate balance. See.
This second step includes both legal and factual components: factual
because it involves marshaling and weighing evidence, and legal because
the "approximate balance" determination involves whether the evidence
satisfes a legal standard. The VA's approximate-balance determination
is thus at most a mixed question. And the appropriate standard of
review for a mixed question depends "on whether answering it entails
primarily legal or factual work." U. S. Bank N. A. v. Village at Lake-
ridge, LLC,.
Reviewing a determination whether record evidence is approximately
balanced is "about as factual sounding" as any question gets. Id., at
397. In Bufkin's case, the Board weighed medical opinions and family
testimony to assess his PTSD claims. Similarly, the Board in Thorn-
ton's case analyzed symptom severity and medical evidence to assess
his disability rating. Both cases demonstrate that approximate-balance
determinations require case-specifc factual review warranting clear-
error review. Pp. 380 -- 383.
(c) Petitioners' counterarguments are unpersuasive. First, peti-
tioners urge that by amending (1) to include the modest phrase,
"take due account," Congress imposed a new standard of review for
challenges to the VA's application of the beneft-of the-doubt rule. But
had Congress intended to do so, it would have identifed a standard, just
as it did in. Petitioners next argue that, even if (1)
 Cite as: (2025) 371

Syllabus

incorporates 's standards of review, the VA's approximate-
balance determination is much like a court's probable-cause determina-
tion, which involves a mixed-question inquiry that appellate courts re-
view de novo. Ornelas v. United States,.
Two features distinguish the probable-cause determination from the
VA's determination here. First, probable cause is a constitutional
standard, creating a strong presumption that determinations under that
standard are subject to de novo review. By contrast, the approximate-
balance determination is a creature of statute, not the Constitution.
Second, probable cause poses a question that requires substantial "legal
work," U. S. Bank, 583 U. S., at 398, but the VA's approximate-balance
determination lacks a comparable legal component.
Petitioners contend that the Federal Circuit's reading of (1)
renders the provision superfuous. While this Court's reading of
(1) might involve some redundancy, the canon against surplus-
age does not apply here because petitioners have not identifed a com-
peting interpretation that would avoid redundancy. See Marx v. Gen-
eral Revenue Corp.,. Pp. 383 -- 387.
75 F. 4th 1368, affrmed.

Thomas, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
Page ProofKagan,
and Alito, Sotomayor, Pending
Kavanaugh, and Publication
Barrett, JJ., joined.
Jackson, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Gorsuch, J., joined, post,
p. 388.

Melanie L. Bostwick argued the cause for petitioners.
With her on the briefs were Thomas M. Bondy, Jonas Q.
Wang, Melanie R. Hallums, Katherine M. Kopp, Kenneth
M. Carpenter, and Geoffrey C. Shaw.
Sopan Joshi argued the cause for respondent. With him
on the brief were Solicitor General Prelogar, Principal
Deputy Assistant Attorney General Boynton, Deputy Solic-
itor General Stewart, Evan Wisser, Meredyth Cohen Ha-
vasy, and Christopher O. Adeloye.†
†Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for Disabled Ameri-
can Veterans by Amy F. Odom, Robert V. Chisholm, and Zachary Stolz;
for the Federal Circuit Bar Association by Brian T. Burgess; for Military-
Veterans Advocacy, Inc., by Michael E. Joffre, Anna G. Phillips, and John
B. Wells; for the National Law School Veterans Clinic Consortium by
Katie M. Becker and Amy B. Kretkowski; and for the National Veterans
Legal Services Program et al. by D. Shayon Ghosh, Liam J. Montgomery,
Barton F. Stichman, and Diane Boyd Rauber.
372 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Opinion of the Court

Justice Thomas delivered the opinion of the Court.
When evaluating a veteran's claim for service-related dis-
ability benefts, the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
applies a unique standard of proof known as the "beneft-of-
the-doubt rule." This rule requires the VA to "give the ben-
eft of the doubt to the claimant" whenever "there is an ap-
proximate balance of positive and negative evidence" on any
issue material to the claim. 38 U. S. C.. When re-
viewing the VA's benefts decisions, the United States Court
of Appeals for Veterans Claims (Veterans Court) must "take
due account" of the VA's application of the beneft-of-the-
doubt rule. (1). The question before us is what
the Veterans Court must do to comply with that statutory
command. We hold that the Veterans Court must review
the VA's application of the rule the same way it would any
other determination -- by reviewing legal issues de novo and
factual issues for clear error. See. And, we hold
Page Proof Pending Publication
that the VA's determination that the evidence is in approxi-
mate balance is a predominantly factual determination
reviewed only for clear error.

I
A
Congress provides veterans a wide range of benefts, in-
cluding compensation for disabilities caused or aggravated
by active-duty military service., 1131. The VA, led
by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, administers the laws
that provide for those benefts., 303.
Veterans who suffer from service-connected post-
traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) are among those entitled
to disability benefts. To establish service-connected PTSD,
the VA requires medical evidence diagnosing the condition
and linking the veteran's symptoms with an "in-service
stressor," as well as credible evidence that the in-service
stressor occurred. 38 CFR.304(f) (2023). When the VA
 Cite as: (2025) 373

Opinion of the Court

fnds those conditions satisfed, it assigns a disability rating
that refects reductions in earning capacity. 38 U. S. C.
; 38 CFR.130. This rating determines the amount
of compensation a veteran receives.
A veteran begins the claims process by submitting a re-
quest for benefts to the VA. A VA regional offce then ad-
judicates the claim. If the regional offce issues an adverse
decision, the veteran may seek de novo review from the
Board of Veterans' Appeals. The Board is an administrative
body within the VA that renders fnal decisions for the
agency. 38 U. S. C., 7104(a).
Congress designed the VA's adjudicatory process to func-
tion " `with a high degree of informality and solicitude for
the claimant.' " Henderson v. Shinseki, 
(2011) ). For example, Congress
imposes no statute of limitations on a veteran's claim for
Page Proof Pending Publication
benefts. The process at both the regional offces and the
Board is ex parte and nonadversarial. 38 CFR.103(a),
20.700(c). And, the VA must assist veterans in developing
the evidence necessary to substantiate their claims. 38
U. S. C. (1).
Congress also requires the regional offces and the Board
to give veterans the beneft of the doubt on close issues.
Specifcally, the VA must "consider all information and lay
and medical evidence of record," and, "[w]hen there is an
approximate balance of positive and negative evidence re-
garding any issue material to the determination of a matter,
the [VA] shall give the beneft of the doubt to the claimant.". This rule refects a pro-veteran policy choice that
dates back to the post-Civil War era. See 50 Fed. Reg.
34454 (1985).
A veteran who receives an adverse decision from the
Board may appeal to the Veterans Court, an Article I tribu-
nal. The Veterans Court has exclusive jurisdiction to re-
view fnal decisions of the Board..
374 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Opinion of the Court

Section 7261 defnes the scope of the Veterans Court's re-
view. Subsection (a), which sets forth the court's adjudica-
tory powers, is modeled after the scope-of-review provision
in the Administrative Procedure Act (APA). See 5 U. S. C.. It empowers the Veterans Court to decide relevant
questions of law; to compel action unlawfully withheld or un-
reasonably delayed; and to hold unlawful and set aside VA
fndings, conclusions, rules, and regulations that are arbi-
trary, capricious, an abuse of discretion, or otherwise not in
accordance with law. 38 U. S. C. (1) -- (3). Unlike
the APA, however, imposes a slightly different
standard of review for factual fndings. The Veterans Court
may set aside or reverse a factual fnding only if "the fnding
is clearly erroneous," in contrast to the APA's "substantial
evidence" standard. (4); see Dickinson v. Zurko, 162 -- 163 (1999) (examining the "subtle"
difference between the two standards).
Page Proof Pending Publication
Subsection (b) sets forth additional requirements that the
Veterans Court must follow "[i]n making the determinations
under subsection (a).". As originally enacted,
the provision required only that the Veterans Court " `take
due account of the rule of prejudicial error.' " Veterans' Ju-
dicial Review Act, 102 Stat. 4115 (now codifed at
38 U. S. C. (2)). We have held that this statutory
command requires the Veterans Court to apply the same
kind of harmless-error rule that courts ordinarily apply in
civil cases. Shinseki v. Sanders, (2009).
In 2002, Congress amended subsection (b) to add the provi-
sion at issue here. Veterans Benefts Act, 116 Stat.
2832. Codifed at (1), it directs the Veterans Court
to " `take due account of the [VA]'s application of section
5107(b) of this title.' " In other words, when conducting ju-
dicial review under subsection (a), the Veterans Court must
"take due account" of the VA's application of the beneft-of-
the-doubt rule.
 Cite as: (2025) 375

Opinion of the Court

In most cases, an appeal to the Veterans Court is a veter-
an's fnal opportunity for judicial review of a benefts deci-
sion. Although veterans may appeal certain legal issues to
the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit,
see, that court has held that it lacks jurisdiction to
review most factual determinations, including whether the
VA properly applied the beneft-of-the-doubt rule in individ-
ual cases, see Ferguson v. Principi, 273 F. 3d 1072, 1076
(2001).
B
Petitioners are veterans who applied for service-connected
PTSD disability benefts and were dissatisfed with the VA's
resolution of their claims.
1
Petitioner Joshua Bufkin served in the Air Force from late
2005 to early 2006. Although Bufkin intended to join the
military police, he never received a job assignment because
Page Proof Pending Publication
he could not pass the required training classes. Bufkin
blamed his poor performance on marital stress. He re-
ported that his wife opposed his service and had threatened
to commit suicide if he stayed in the military. Bufkin ulti-
mately requested and obtained a nonprejudicial hardship
discharge.
Seven years later, Bufkin sought disability benefts from
the VA. He claimed that his military service caused several
psychiatric conditions, including PTSD. To support his
PTSD claim, Bufkin submitted a letter from a VA physician
who had recently treated him. The physician explained that
Bufkin's wife suffered from depression, and that Bufkin felt
forced to make a choice between divorcing his wife or leaving
the military. The physician diagnosed Bufkin with PTSD
and opined that the primary stressor was the perceived
threat to his wife's life.
The VA regional offce denied Bufkin's claim on the ground
that the medical evidence was insuffcient to establish a link
376 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Opinion of the Court

between his symptoms and his military service. Bufkin
sought reconsideration, and the VA ordered a second exami-
nation by a second VA physician. The new physician deter-
mined that Bufkin did not meet the criteria for PTSD. He
explained that the frst physician was unable to review Buf-
kin's military or medical records, a limitation that may have
had a "signifcant impact" on Bufkin's initial diagnosis.
App. in No. 2022 -- 1089 (CA Fed.), pp. 26 -- 27. Bufkin also
submitted letters from his wife and mother describing
changes they observed in his personality after his military
service.
The VA regional offce reviewed the new information and
reaffrmed its denial of Bufkin's claim. Bufkin fled a notice
of disagreement. He argued that the evidence for and
against his claim was roughly equal and that he was there-
fore entitled to "the beneft of the doubt.". Buf-
kin then underwent a third VA examination by yet another
Page Proof Pending Publication
physician. Like the second physician, this physician con-
cluded that Bufkin's symptoms did not meet the criteria for
PTSD. She also noted that Bufkin's symptoms started one
year after his discharge, and that no evidence indicated that
his military service caused a disability. The VA regional of-
fce again reaffrmed its decision to deny benefts.
Bufkin appealed to the Board. While the appeal was
pending, he submitted a short statement from a fourth physi-
cian. This physician stated that, in his opinion, Bufkin suf-
fered from PTSD, but he noted other doctors might disagree
with that diagnosis. He suggested that, at a minimum, Buf-
kin suffered from severe anxiety disorder.
The Board concluded that Bufkin did not suffer from
PTSD and denied his claim. In a detailed opinion, the Board
recounted each physician's fndings and medical conclusions.
The Board observed that one physician diagnosed Bufkin
with PTSD, two physicians determined he did not have
PTSD, and one physician thought the issue was debatable.
 Cite as: (2025) 377

Opinion of the Court

After carefully reviewing each medical opinion, the Board
explained that it found the second physician's report "espe-
cially persuasive." App. to Pet. for Cert. 61a. The Board
noted that the one physician to diagnose Bufkin with PTSD
had not reviewed his military or medical records. The
Board also reviewed the letters from Bufkin's wife and
mother but found that they lacked probative value because
neither individual had relevant medical expertise. When
taken as a whole, the Board explained, the evidence was not
in approximate balance. Accordingly, the Board determined
that Bufkin was not entitled to the beneft of the doubt.

2
Petitioner Norman Thornton served in the Army from
1988 to 1991. After being honorably discharged, Thornton
applied for and received benefts for an " `undiagnosed ill-
ness.' " Id., at 32a. Years later, he sought additional bene-
Page Proof Pending Publication
fts for service-connected PTSD. The VA granted benefts
for the PTSD claim, initially rating his condition as 10% disa-
bling and later increasing the rating to 30%.
In 2015, Thornton applied for another increase to his
PTSD disability rating and underwent a new VA medical ex-
amination. The physician concluded that Thornton suffered
some common PTSD symptoms, including depressed mood,
anxiety, memory loss, and sleep impairment, but questioned
whether PTSD was the cause of those symptoms. The phy-
sician did not fnd several of the more severe symptoms that
earlier medical examinations had revealed, such as suicidal
ideation, impaired impulse control, and panic attacks. Nev-
ertheless, the regional offce increased Thornton's PTSD dis-
ability rating to 50%. Thornton then sought an additional
increase to 70% and underwent another medical evaluation,
but the regional offce maintained the 50% rating.
Thornton appealed to the Board, which reviewed the evi-
dence de novo. As in Bufkin's case, the Board thoroughly
378 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Opinion of the Court

recounted each medical report and assessed the credibility
of each physician's fndings. The Board ultimately declined
to increase Thornton's 50% disability rating.1

3
Both petitioners appealed the Board's resolution of their
PTSD claims to the Veterans Court. They argued that the
evidence concerning their diagnoses was in "approximate
balance," so they were entitled to the beneft of the doubt.
See. In both cases, the Veterans Court upheld the
Board's decisions on the ground that the Board's approximate-
balance determinations were not clearly erroneous.
Petitioners then appealed to the Federal Circuit, chal-
lenging the Veterans Court's legal interpretation of
(1). They argued that the statutory command to
"take due account" of the VA's application of the beneft-of-
the-doubt rule requires the Veterans Court to review the
Page Proof Pending Publication
entire record de novo and decide for itself whether the evi-
dence is in approximate balance.
The Federal Circuit rejected this argument and affrmed
the Veterans Court in both cases. Bufkin v. McDonough,
75 F. 4th 1368 (2023); Thornton v. McDonough, 2023 WL
5091653 (Aug. 9, 2023). The court held that "the statutory
command that the Veterans Court `take due account' of the
beneft of the doubt rule does not require the Veterans Court
to conduct any review of the beneft of the doubt issue be-
yond the clear error review required by". Id., at *2.
We granted certiorari to decide what it means to "take
due account" of the VA's application of the beneft-of-the-
doubt rule. (2024).
1
At the same time, the Board granted Thornton a "total disability" rat-
ing for his separate claim of unemployability, based on the combined effect
of his service-connected PTSD and the undiagnosed illness. App. to Pet.
for Cert. 86a -- 89a. Thornton currently receives full benefts, but those
benefts are subject to continual review. He appeals only the denial of
the increase to his PTSD disability rating.
 Cite as: (2025) 379

Opinion of the Court

II
A
We start, as always, with the text. Section 7261(b)(1)
provides that "[i]n making the determinations under subsec-
tion (a)," the Veterans Court "shall" "take due account of the
[VA]'s application of [the beneft-of-the-doubt rule]."
The plain meaning of the text reveals the scope of the Vet-
erans Court's task. It is undisputed that the word "shall"
imposes a mandatory command. Shapiro v. McManus, (2015). "Shall" means "must." Kingdomware
Technologies, Inc. v. United States, -- 172
(2016). It is likewise undisputed that to "take account of "
something means to give it attention or consideration. See
American Heritage Dictionary 1763 (4th ed. 2000) (defning
"take account of " as "[t]o take into consideration"). The
word "due" qualifes the attention that the VA must give.
"Due" means "appropriate" or "proper." See 4 Oxford Eng-
Page Proof Pending Publication
lish Dictionary 1105 (2d ed. 1989) ("Merited, appropriate:
proper, right"); Black's Law Dictionary 515 (7th ed. 1999)
("Just, proper, regular, and reasonable").
Taken together, the statutory command to "take due ac-
count" of the VA's application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule
requires the Veterans Court to give appropriate attention to
the VA's work, at least when the issue is properly presented.
See id., at 516 (defning "due consideration" as "[t]he degree
of attention properly paid to something, as the circum-
stances merit").2
The text makes clear that the appropriate attention due
is that which is required under subsection (a). Sec-
tion 7261(b)(1) states that the Veterans Court must "take

2
Petitioners invite us to decide whether the Veterans Court must ad-
dress the VA's application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule when a veteran
does not raise the issue as a ground for reversal. Because both petition-
ers adequately preserved and raised their challenges below, we leave that
question for another day.
380 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Opinion of the Court

due account" of the VA's application of the beneft-of-the-
doubt rule only "[i]n making the determinations under
subsection (a)." This language highlights that taking due
account is not a freestanding task but rather an aspect of
judicial review under subsection (a).
The upshot is straightforward. Review of the VA's
beneft-of-the-doubt decision is just another determination
made "under subsection (a)." (1). Accordingly,
the standards of review provided in subsection (a) also gov-
ern the Veterans Court's review of beneft-of-the-doubt is-
sues. In particular, subsection (a) requires the Veterans
Court to review the VA's conclusions of law de novo and its
fndings of fact for clear error. See (1) and (4).
Which standard applies will depend on whether a veteran
raises a legal or factual objection.
Section 7261(b)(1) makes explicit the Veterans Court's pre-
viously implicit duty to review the VA's application of the
beneft-of-the-doubt rule, pursuant to the standards set forth
Page Proof Pending Publication
in subsection (a). Of course, this duty predated Congress's
enactment of (1); subsection (a) always required the
Veterans Court to review all relevant fndings of fact and
conclusions of law. See (1) and (4). But, Con-
gress's enactment underscores the beneft-of-the-doubt rule's
status as a paramount consideration.

B
The next question, then, is the appropriate standard of re-
view for challenges to the VA's application of the beneft-of-
the-doubt rule. The applicable standard will vary with the
challenge, as the application of the rule has both factual and
legal components. A veteran may challenge any aspect of
the VA's application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule on
appeal.
No one disputes that challenges to the VA's legal conclu-
sions are subject to de novo review. For example, if the
veteran argues that the VA misunderstood the defnition of
 Cite as: (2025) 381

Opinion of the Court

"approximate balance," the Veterans Court would construe
the challenge as a legal one and review it de novo. So too
if the veteran argues that the VA gave the beneft of the
doubt to the wrong party.
These arguments, however, are not the typical arguments
a veteran raises on appeal. In mine-run cases, including the
two before us, a veteran challenges the VA's determination
that the evidence on a particular material issue is not in ap-
proximate balance.
Petitioners assert that the approximate-balance determi-
nation is a legal inquiry subject to de novo review. The Gov-
ernment counters that the determination is a factual fnding,
or at least a mixed question that is predominantly factual
and reviewed for clear error. After closely examining the
way in which the VA conducts the approximate-balance in-
quiry, we conclude it is a predominantly factual question and
thus subject to clear-error review.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The approximate-balance determination involves two
steps. First, the VA reviews each item of evidence in the
record and assigns weight to it. Both sides agree that this
aspect of the VA's analysis is factfnding reviewed only for
clear error. Second, the VA assesses the weight of the evi-
dence as a whole, deciding whether "there is an approximate
balance of positive and negative evidence" on any material
issue.. The VA gives the beneft of the doubt to
the veteran only after determining that the positive evidence
and negative evidence on a material issue are in approximate
balance. Otherwise, the VA simply resolves the issue in
favor of the party with the more persuasive evidence.
The second step -- deciding whether the evidence as a
whole is approximately balanced -- has both legal and factual
components. The task is partly factual because it involves
marshaling and weighing evidence. See U. S. Bank N. A. v.
Village at Lakeridge, LLC, (2018). The
VA must categorize the evidence based on whether it sup-
ports or undermines the veteran's claim. After doing so,
382 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Opinion of the Court

the VA compares the relative strength and persuasiveness of
the evidence on each side. Assigning weight to evidence -- 
whether individual pieces of evidence or collections of it -- is
an inherently factual task. See ibid. But, the VA's decision
also involves a legal determination. After assessing the
weight of the assorted evidence, the VA must decide whether
the evidence is in "approximate balance." See.
In other words, the VA must determine whether the evi-
dence satisfies a legal standard. Because the VA's
approximate-balance determination involves both legal and
factual work, it is at most a mixed question, not a purely
legal one.3
The appropriate standard of review for a mixed question
depends "on whether answering it entails primarily legal or
factual work." U. S. Bank, 583 U. S., at 396. Some mixed
questions require a court to "expound on the law" by "ampli-
fying or elaborating on a broad legal standard." Ibid.
Page Proof Pending Publication
When applying the law involves developing legal principles
for use in future cases, appellate courts typically review the
decision de novo. Ibid. Other mixed questions require
courts to resolve "case-specific factual issues. " Ibid.
When the tribunal below is "immerse[d]" in facts and com-
pelled to "marshal and weigh evidence" and "make credibil-
ity judgments," the appellate court "should usually review a
decision with deference." Ibid.
Reviewing a determination whether record evidence is ap-
proximately balanced is "about as factual sounding" as any
question gets. Id., at 397. Consider Bufkin's case. To de-

3
We need not decide whether the VA's approximate-balance determina-
tion is best characterized as a mixed question or a factual one. See Alex-
ander v. South Carolina State Conference of the NAACP, -- 
19 (2024) (observing that "a fnding of fact" may involve application of a
"standard of proof " with a "substantial legal component"). Whether the
determination is mixed or factual, clear-error review is appropriate be-
cause it is at least predominantly factual.
 Cite as: (2025) 383

Opinion of the Court

cide whether Bufkin was entitled to the beneft of the doubt,
the Board reviewed four medical opinions and two letters
from Bufkin's family members. After assigning weight to
each item, the Board assessed whether the evidence was
roughly equal. To make that determination, the Board had
to consider evidence of Bufkin's symptoms and their causes,
while assessing the credibility of the physicians who treated
him. Thornton's case is no different. The Board assessed
the weight of his symptoms, the degree to which they af-
fected his day-to-day life, and the credibility of each physi-
cian. These cases illustrate that the approximate-balance
determination necessarily immerses the Board "in case-
specifc factual issues." Id., at 396. When that is so -- that
is, when the initial decisionmaker is "marshal[ing] and
weigh[ing] evidence" and "mak[ing] credibility judgments" -- 
its work is fact intensive, and its determinations should be
reviewed with deference. Ibid.

Page Proof Pending
C Publication
Petitioners and the dissent offer various paths to a differ-
ent result. But, their arguments are not persuasive.
First, petitioners urge us to hold that with one modest
phrase, "take due account," Congress imposed a new stand-
ard of review for challenges to the VA's application of the
beneft-of-the-doubt rule. Before the Federal Circuit, peti-
tioners argued that (1) established a de novo stand-
ard of review. They hesitate to call the standard "de novo
review" before this Court, instead describing it as "APA-
plus." Brief for Petitioners 25, 41 -- 42.
However labeled, the directive to "take due account" does
not do the work that petitioners envision. Had Congress
intended to impose a new standard of review for challenges
to the VA's application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule, it
would have clearly named a standard -- just as it did in. But, as we have explained, Congress chose not to
384 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Opinion of the Court

announce any new standard in (1). It instead incor-
porated the pre-existing standards of review set forth in sub-
section (a).
Petitioners contend, in the alternative, that even if
(1) incorporates the standards of review in,
the VA's approximate-balance determination is a legal ques-
tion subject to de novo review under. The dissent
adopts a similar view, arguing that the approximate-balance
determination is a predominantly legal mixed question.
Post, at 398 -- 402 (opinion of Jackson, J.).
The de novo standard applies, they say, because the
approximate-balance determination resembles other legal or
predominantly legal questions that courts review de novo.
They point to judicial review of a court's probable-cause de-
termination as one such analogue. Post, at 401. Probable
cause is the standard by which a court assesses whether a
police offcer's search or seizure was permissible under
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Fourth Amendment. For example, "probable cause to
search... exist[s] where the known facts and circumstances
are suffcient to warrant a man of reasonable prudence in the
belief that contraband or evidence of a crime will be found."
Ornelas v. United States, (1996). We have
held that this inquiry is a mixed question that courts review
de novo. See id., at 699.
Two features of the probable-cause determination distin-
guish it from the approximate-balance determination, how-
ever, and underscore why courts review it de novo. First,
because probable cause is a constitutional standard, we start
with a strong presumption that determinations under that
standard are subject to de novo review, even if they require
courts to "plung[e] into a factual record." U. S. Bank, 583
U. S., at 396,. Second, probable cause at bottom poses
a question that requires substantial "legal work." Id., at
398. Because probable cause asks whether the "offcer's un-
derstanding of the facts and his understanding of the rele-
vant law" was "reasonable," Heien v. North Carolina, 574
 Cite as: (2025) 385

Opinion of the Court

U. S. 54, 61 -- 64 (2014), it requires an objective, legally
grounded inquiry as to what a hypothetical person could
have found, see Kentucky v. King, (2011).
The answer to how a hypothetical person would act is, by its
nature, one that courts refne over time, building out princi-
ples that "acquire content only through application." Or-
nelas, 517 U. S., at 697. De novo review is therefore essen-
tial so that courts can ensure "unif[orm] precedent" that will
"provid[e] law enforcement offcers with a defned set of rules
which, in most instances, makes it possible to reach a correct
determination beforehand as to whether an invasion of pri-
vacy is justifed." Ibid..
The VA's approximate-balance determination differs on
both counts. First, the standard is a creature of statute.
Because it does not dwell "[i]n the constitutional realm," it
is not entitled to the presumption of de novo review that
applies to probable cause. U. S. Bank, 583 U. S., at 396,.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Second, the approximate-balance inquiry does not have a
comparable legal component. Instead, as these cases exem-
plify, that inquiry tends to be case specifc and fact intensive,
with courts evaluating the weight of the evidence for and
against a particular veteran's claim. To decide Bufkin's
claim, for example, the VA reviewed a panoply of medical
and lay evidence, and Bufkin's central argument before the
Veterans Court was that the overall balance of this evidence
was closer than the VA thought. Thornton's claim similarly
presented case-specifc, fact-bound issues about the existence
and severity of symptoms. Resolution of these claims is un-
likely to generate guidance for the VA or future courts in
the way that probable-cause precedents do for police and
the courts.
The VA's approximate-balance determination is likewise
distinct from a court's conclusion that evidence is suffcient to
support a criminal conviction, a conclusion that courts review
de novo. See Jackson v. Virginia, -- 319
(1979). While the suffciency-of-the-evidence inquiry neces-
386 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Opinion of the Court

sarily turns on facts, the reviewing court does not decide
for itself whether the evidence establishes guilt beyond a
reasonable doubt. Instead, it construes all evidence and
makes all reasonable inferences in favor of the prosecution,
and asks whether "any rational trier of fact could have found
the essential elements of the crime beyond a reasonable
doubt." Id., at 319. Courts therefore conduct their review
through a legal lens, applying a hypothetical, objective
standard and putting a thumb on the scale in favor of the
prevailing party -- the prosecution. No one -- petitioners and
the dissent included -- wants the Veterans Court to do that.
Instead, petitioners and the dissent would have the Veterans
Court "weigh the evidence" in the frst instance and then
make "inferences from basic facts to ultimate facts" -- 
precisely what a court may not do on suffciency review.
Ibid.
Petitioners and the dissent also rely heavily on the asser-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tion that our reading of (1) renders the provision
superfuous. Post, at 395 -- 397. That objection is a serious
one. "We are reluctant to treat statutory terms as surplus-
age in any setting." TRW Inc. v. Andrews, 
(2001). Our reluctance
increases when Congress amends a statute, as we ordinarily
presume that when Congress does so, " `it intends its amend-
ment to have real and substantial effect.' " Intel Corp. v.
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., -- 259 (2004).
But, our reading of (1) gives that provision a func-
tion, even if it might involve some redundancy. As we have
explained, Congress's amendment makes express the Veter-
ans Court's obligation to review challenges to the VA's appli-
cation of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule according to the stand-
ards set forth in. Moreover, as the dissent notes,
we have left open the possibility that Congress's enactment
requires the Veterans Court to review the VA's application
of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule even if the veteran fails to
present that issue on appeal. See, supra; post, at 396.
 Cite as: (2025) 387

Opinion of the Court

If the Court were to decide that Congress's enactment
changed the party-presentation requirement, then the enact-
ment of (1) would serve an additional independent
function.
Notably, the dissent fails to offer a reading of the text that
avoids redundancy. According to the dissent, the VA's
approximate-balance determination is a predominantly legal
question subject to de novo review. Post, at 399 -- 402. But,
if the dissent were correct, then the approximate-balance
determination would have been subject to de novo review
even before the enactment of (1). All agree that
under, which predated Congress's enactment of
(1), the Veterans Court is required to review ques-
tions of law de novo. Thus, under the dissent's interpre-
tation -- no less than ours -- the enactment of (1)
merely underscores a pre-existing duty. The canon against
surplusage can be meaningful when a competing interpreta-
tion would avoid superfuity. Microsoft Corp. v. i4i L. P.,
Page Proof Pending Publication
(2011). But, when both interpretations in-
volve the same redundancy, the canon against surplusage
simply does not apply. See Marx v. General Revenue Corp.,
(2013) (declining to apply the canon against
surplusage when no interpretation would give effect to
every word).
In any event, "[s]ometimes the better overall reading of
the statute contains some redundancy." Rimini Street, Inc.
v. Oracle USA, Inc., (2019). Here, the
text leaves no doubt that the Federal Circuit's reading of the
statute is the better one.

* * *
Section 7261(b)(1) does not establish a new standard of re-
view for challenges to the VA's application of the beneft-of-
the-doubt rule. Instead, it requires the Veterans Court to
apply the appropriate standard of review under.
Because the VA's approximate-balance determination is a
388 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Jackson, J., dissenting

predominantly factual question, the Veterans Court reviews
it for clear error. (4).

III
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is affrmed.

It is so ordered.
Justice Jackson, with whom Justice Gorsuch joins,
dissenting.
The Court draws two conclusions from today's evaluation
of Congress's "take due account" admonition. See 38
U. S. C. (1). First, it holds that when the United
States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims (Veterans
Court) reviews the Department of Veterans Affairs' (VA's)
application of the "beneft-of-the-doubt" rule, that appellate
tribunal must use the "same" standards of review that apply
Page Proof Pending Publication
to its assessment of any other VA claims determination.
Ante, at 372. Second, the Court concludes that whether evi-
dence is in "approximate balance" for purposes of the beneft-
of-the-doubt rule is a "predominantly factual determination"
to be reviewed only for clear error. Ibid.
The majority is wrong in both respects. Nothing about
the text, context, or drafting history of subsection (b)(1)
demonstrates that "take due account" actually means "pro-
ceed as normal." Reading the provision in that fashion, as
the majority does, makes little sense. That interpretation
is also inconsistent with how we have treated identical
language elsewhere in this same statute and renders
meaningless the "take due account" command that Congress
specifcally amended to insert.
The majority's clear-error conclusion fares no better, inso-
far as its reasoning ignores what appellate courts do and
what we have consistently said about substantially similar
circumstances. That is, even if the majority were correct
 Cite as: (2025) 389

Jackson, J., dissenting

that subsection (b)(1) instructs the Veterans Court to carry
on applying the usual standards, clear-error review would
not be appropriate because whether the VA properly applied
the beneft-of-the-doubt rule does not present a question of
fact. The VA's beneft-of-the-doubt determination poses, at
most, a mixed question of law and fact -- and one that is sub-
stantively indistinguishable from the kinds of mixed ques-
tions that this Court has long said are subject to de novo
review on appeal.
In short, the Court today concludes that Congress meant
nothing when it inserted subsection (b)(1) in response to con-
cerns that the Veterans Court was improperly rubberstamp-
ing the VA's beneft-of-the-doubt determinations, and also
that the Veterans Court is not obliged to do anything more
than defer to those agency decisions notwithstanding Con-
gress's "take due account" direction. I respectfully dissent.

I
Page Proof Pending Publication
Under the time-honored beneft-of-the-doubt rule, veter-
ans asserting claims for service-connected disabilities are
entitled to have any reasonable doubt on a material issue
resolved in their favor. Congress codifed this rule in 1988:
Section 5107(b) of Title 38 states unequivocally that the VA
must "give the beneft of the doubt to the claimant" when-
ever "there is an approximate balance of positive and nega-
tive evidence regarding any issue material to the" veteran's
benefts claim. This generous standard of proof honors the
sacrifces of those who have served in the Armed Forces.
Recognizing the weighty interests at stake in cases that
involve benefts for veterans, Congress's 1988 legislation also
established judicial review of the VA's benefts decisions by
the Veterans Court, a specialized Article I tribunal. Section
7261(a) lays out in detail the authority that the Veterans
Court has been given. As relevant here, the Veterans
Court is authorized to (1) "decide all relevant questions of
390 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Jackson, J., dissenting

law"; (2) "compel action of the Secretary unlawfully withheld
or unreasonably delayed"; and (3) "hold unlawful and set
aside" certain VA decisions. (1) -- (3). Notably,
clause (4) of states that "in the case of a fnding
of material fact adverse to the claimant made in reaching a
decision in a case before the [VA] with respect to benefts,"
the Veterans Court shall "hold unlawful and set aside or
reverse such fnding if the fnding is clearly erroneous."
(4).
For present purposes, all parties agree that has
always authorized the Veterans Court to review the VA's
application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule. But judicial re-
view of that issue proved illusory from the start, because the
Veterans Court historically applied a deferential standard of
review for assessing the VA's beneft-of-the-doubt determi-
nations. See, e. g., Gilbert v. Derwinski, 1 Vet. App. 49, 57 -- 
58 (1990); Wensch v. Principi, 15 Vet. App. 362, 367 (Ct. App.
Vet. Cl. 2001). As a result, veterans groups routinely com-
Page Proof Pending Publication
plained to Congress that judicial review by the Veterans
Court was inappropriately deferential. See, e. g., Hearing
before the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, 107th
Cong., 2d Sess., 47 (2002) (statement of the legislative direc-
tor of a veterans group); see also Brief for Federal Circuit
Bar Association as Amicus Curiae 11 -- 14.
Congress responded in 2002, when it amended to
specifcally require the Veterans Court to "take due account
of " the VA's application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule.
(1). In its entirety, the amended subsection (b)
states:
"(b) In making the determinations under subsection
(a), the [Veterans] Court shall review the record of pro-
ceedings before the Secretary and the Board of Veter-
ans' Appeals... and shall -- 
"(1) take due account of the Secretary's application of
section 5107(b) of this title; and
 Cite as: (2025) 391

Jackson, J., dissenting

"(2) take due account of the rule of pre judicial
error.".1
The plain text of (1) thus requires the Veterans
Court to "take due account" of the VA's obligations under
the beneft-of-the-doubt rule when it reviews VA benefts de-
terminations under.

II
The dispute before us concerns the meaning of subsection
(b)(1)'s "take due account" clause. The majority and I agree
that subsection (b)(1) imposes a "statutory command" that
the Veterans Court "give appropriate attention to the VA's
work" related to its application of the beneft-of-the-doubt
rule. Ante, at 379. But the majority concludes that the
"appropriate attention due is that which is required under
subsection (a)." Ibid. In my view, that holding is un-
moored from subsection (b)(1)'s text, ignores 's overall
Page Proof Pending Publication
structure and drafting history, and renders entirely super-
fuous Congress's requirement that the Veterans Court "take
due account" of the application of the beneft-of-the-doubt
rule. The better reading of the statute recognizes that sub-
section (b)(1) requires the Veterans Court to determine,
without deference, whether the VA properly applied the
beneft-of-the-doubt rule.
A
The primary textual pillar of the majority's conclusion that
"[r]eview of the VA's beneft-of-the-doubt decision is just an-
1
Subsection (b)(1) cross references, which (as explained above
and bears repeating) codifes the beneft-of-the-doubt rule: "When there is
an approximate balance of positive and negative evidence regarding any
issue material to the determination of a matter, the Secretary shall give
the beneft of the doubt to the claimant.". The reference to
"the Secretary" in and (1) includes the VA's regional
offces and the Board of Veterans' Appeals. See ante, at 373.
392 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Jackson, J., dissenting

other determination made `under subsection (a)' " is its ob-
servation that subsection (b)(1)'s review applies only " `[i]n
making the determinations under subsection (a).' " Ante, at
380 (1)). Based on that prefatory lan-
guage, the majority reasons that subsection (b)(1) is merely
an "aspect of " the review that the Veterans Court performs
under subsection (a), such that the "standards of review pro-
vided in subsection (a) also govern the Veterans Court's re-
view of beneft-of-the-doubt issues." Ante, at 380.
But the fact that the Veterans Court must apply subsec-
tion (b)(1) "[i]n making the determinations under subsection
(a)" does not justify collapsing these two provisions. The
word "in," when paired with a gerund -- here, "making" -- is
generally "equivalent in sense to a temporal clause intro-
duced by when, while, if, [or] in the event of." 7 Oxford
English Dictionary 760 (2d ed. 1989) (emphasis in original).
The "in making" clause in subsection (b) thus merely pro-
Page Proof Pending Publication
vides that when the Veterans Court makes one of the deter-
minations authorized by subsection (a), it must also satisfy
its duty to "take due account of " the VA's application of the
beneft-of-the-doubt rule. In other words, the "in making"
clause the majority seizes upon to justify its same-standards
holding simply establishes that review under subsection
(b)(1) occurs alongside review under subsection (a), not that
they are the same thing.
Interpreting subsection (b)(1) to require a separate, con-
current review of the VA's compliance with the beneft-
of-the-doubt rule is consistent with how this Court has in-
terpreted subsection (b)(1)'s parallel provision -- subsection
(b)(2). Subsection (b)(2) directs that, "[i]n making the deter-
minations under subsection (a)," the Veterans Court shall
" take due account of the rule of pre judicial error. "
(2). In Shinseki v. Sanders, (2009),
we held that subsection (b)(2) "requires the Veterans Court
to apply the same kind of `harmless-error' rule that courts
ordinarily apply in civil cases," id., at 406. We did not
 Cite as: (2025) 393

Jackson, J., dissenting

suggest -- much less hold -- that subsection (a)'s standards
of review governed subsection (b)(2)'s "take due account"
clause. To the contrary, we explained that the Veterans
Court is not prevented from "directly asking the harmless-
error question" and "resting its conclusion on the facts and
circumstances of the particular case." Id., at 408.
Thus, there is no dispute that, under subsection (b)(2), the
Veterans Court analyzes whether any error was harmless
de novo, without applying the standards of review prescribed
by subsection (a). And because subsection (a)'s standards
do not apply when the Veterans Court "take[s] due account
of the rule of prejudicial error" under subsection (b)(2), it
is oddly discordant for the majority to conclude that those
standards do apply when the Veterans Court "take[s] due
account of the Secretary's application of " the beneft-of-the-
doubt rule. See FCC v. AT&T Inc., (2011)
(" `[I]dentical words and phrases within the same statute
should normally be given the same meaning' ").
Page Proof Pending Publication
An understanding of how subsection (b)(2)'s "take due ac-
count" language functions in practice further clarifes subsec-
tion (b)(1), as subsection (b)(2) existed prior to subsection
(b)(1) and plainly served as its model. The majority does not
dispute that the VA's appellate tribunal, the Board of Veterans'
Appeals, sometimes applies the rule of prejudicial error in the
frst instance. See, e. g., Medrano v. Nicholson, 21 Vet. App.
165, 170 (Ct. App. Vet. Cl. 2007).2 If the Board determines
that an error was harmless and denies a veteran's claim, then
2
This happens often in the context of notice errors. Consistent with
the pro-claimant nature of the veterans-disability system, the VA has a
statutory obligation to notify veterans of certain information. Shinseki
v. Sanders, (2009) ). If the
VA breaches that duty, the Board may nonetheless deny a veteran's claim
if it determines that the notice error was harmless. The Veterans Court
reviews any such harmlessness determination de novo. See, e. g., Me-
drano, 21 Vet. App., at 170, 173; Lowery v. McDonough, 2024 WL 3949253,
*4, *5 -- *6 (Ct. App. Vet. Cl., Aug. 27, 2024) (unpublished); Weaver v. Shinseki,
2011 WL 2745773, *1 (Ct. App. Vet. Cl., July 13, 2011) (unpublished).
394 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Jackson, J., dissenting

per subsection (b)(2), the Veterans Court reviews the record
for prejudicial error and does so "de novo, in other words,
without any deference to the Board," before affrming. Id.,
at 171. Subsection (b)(1) works in precisely the same way:
If the Veterans Court is inclined to affrm the VA's denial of
benefts, subsection (b)(1) requires it to frst confrm de novo
that the beneft-of-the-doubt rule was properly applied.

B
Nor does the drafting history of the relevant provisions
support the majority's contention that subsection (b)(1) is an
"aspect" of subsection (a), or that subsection (a)(4) substan-
tively limits the review that subsection (b)(1) requires. In
fact, the historical account suggests the opposite. The ini-
tial Senate bill amended subsection (a)(4) -- rather than sub-
section (b) -- to command that the Veterans Court "tak[e] into
account" the VA's application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule.
Page Proof Pending Publication
S. Rep. No. 107 -- 234, p. 40 (2002) (italics deleted). That bill
also proposed two other relevant changes: It authorized the
Veterans Court to "reverse" the VA's factual fndings rather
than remand them, and it eliminated the "clearly erroneous"
standard of review. Ibid. (italics deleted). Accordingly,
under the Senate's bill, subsection (a)(4) would have author-
ized the Veterans Court to "set aside or reverse" any factual
fnding of the VA that was "unsupported by substantial evi-
dence of record, taking into account the Secretary's applica-
tion of " the beneft-of-the-doubt rule. Ibid. (italics deleted).
Had Congress adopted this proposal, the majority's con-
fation of subsections (a) and (b)(1) might stand on frmer
ground. But Congress plainly rejected that approach. It
instead amended subsection (a)(4) only to empower the Vet-
erans Court to reverse certain factual fndings (i. e., those
that are material and adverse to the claimant), and neither
modifed subsection (a)(4)'s clear-error standard nor inserted
a requirement that the Veterans Court review the VA's ap-
plication of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule into that provision.
 Cite as: (2025) 395

Jackson, J., dissenting, 116 Stat. 2832. At the end of the day, then, instead of
incorporating a beneft-of-the-doubt-rule reminder into sub-
section (a)(4), Congress crafted an entirely new statutory
provision -- subsection (b)(1) -- to address judicial review of
the VA's application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule. Ibid.
Recognizing that review under subsection (b)(1) is distinct
from review under subsection (a)(4) respects Congress's
choice to separate those two provisions. It also comports
with subsection (b)(1)'s language and the statute's overall
design. No one disputes that Congress sought to subject
the VA's beneft-of-the-doubt decisions to increased judicial
scrutiny while otherwise preserving the VA's not-clearly-
erroneous factual fndings. Reading subsection (b)(1) to be
such a congressional mandate furthers that objective, while
the majority's conclusion that subsection (b)(1) implicitly in-
corporates subsection (a)(4)'s limited clear-error standard
undermines it.
C
Page Proof Pending Publication
The usual indicators of statutory meaning thus confrm
that subsection (b)(1) was meant to have bite. But the ma-
jority's reading renders it toothless. According to the ma-
jority, subsection (b)(1) does not impose any new obligation
on the Veterans Court; instead, that provision merely "un-
derscores" the importance of 's beneft-of-the-doubt
rule. Ante, at 380. At oral argument, the Government put
the matter even more bluntly, arguing that subsection (b)(1)
is an "exclamation point" that does "duplicate work" and
is ultimately "redundant." Tr. of Oral Arg. 42, 44. This
interpretation, which the majority adopts, violates the
"cardinal principle of statutory construction" that courts or-
dinarily " ` "give effect, if possible, to every clause and word
of a statute." ' " Williams v. Taylor, 
(2000) ).
The majority acknowledges that the surplusage argument
is "a serious one" and that its interpretation "might involve
396 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Jackson, J., dissenting

some redundancy." Ante, at 386. Still, the majority main-
tains that subsection (b)(1) has a "function" even if it per-
forms zero independent work. Ibid. That is because, as
the majority sees it, subsection (b)(1) makes "express" the
Veterans Court's duty to hear challenges to the VA's applica-
tion of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule under subsection (a), and
may even require the Veterans Court to do so sua sponte.
Ibid. But the majority cannot overcome the surplusage
problem simply by asserting that subsection (b)(1) empha-
sizes or clarifes a pre-existing duty. To state the obvious,
"most superfuous language" can be justifed as providing
"clarity." NLRB v. SW General, Inc., 
(2017). Perhaps for this reason, the majority does not iden-
tify any other case in which this Court held that Congress
passed an amendment with no substantive effect.
Moreover, the majority does not and cannot explain why
any such expression of the Veterans Court's duties was
Page Proof Pending Publication
needed -- much less why Congress would go out of its way
to amend the statute to underscore an existing obligation.
Subsection (a) covers the waterfront of possible exercises
of judicial authority and has always required the Veter-
ans Court to consider any argument "presented" by a vet-
eran. Subsection (a) cannot be reasonably read to exclude
consideration of a veteran's claim that the VA misapplied the
beneft-of-the-doubt rule. And no one actually thought this;
indeed, prior to Congress's enactment of subsection (b)(1),
the Veterans Court regularly considered challenges to the
VA's application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule -- it just did
so deferentially. See supra, at 390.
Thus, the problem that Congress enacted subsection (b)(1)
to address was not that the Veterans Court seemed to have
limited authority under subsection (a). Nor was it that the
Veterans Court was somehow unaware of its duty to review
the VA's application of the beneft-of-the doubt rule upon re-
quest. Rather, as I have explained, Congress enacted sub-
section (b)(1) after veterans service organizations brought to
 Cite as: (2025) 397

Jackson, J., dissenting

its attention how the Veterans Court was performing that
review -- i. e., it was giving too much deference to the VA's
beneft-of-the-doubt determinations. Ibid. Congress's in-
disputable focus was on the improper degree of deference the
Veterans Court was affording to the VA's determinations, a
target that the majority's reading misses completely. Nor
is the majority's surplusage problem solved by the "possibil-
ity" that subsection (b)(1) requires sua sponte review of
the VA's beneft-of-the-doubt determinations. Ante, at 386.
Even assuming that subsection (b)(1) seeks to effect that
change, sua sponte review would make no difference unless
the Veterans Court proceeds nondeferentially. A rubber-
stamp applied to every case remains a rubberstamp.
Finally, the majority maintains that if Congress had in-
tended for subsection (b)(1) to do anything other than under-
score the pre-existing duty to consider challenges to the VA's
beneft-of-the-doubt determinations, it would have more
clearly said so. Ante, at 383 -- 384. That gets things exactly
Page Proof Pending Publication
backwards. Ordinarily, when Congress amends a statute,
" ` "we presume it intends its amendment to have real and
substantial effect." ' " Husky Int'l Electronics, Inc. v. Ritz,
(2016) ). The majority instead
presumes that Congress intended to enact a do-nothing
amendment. But if Congress had wanted to maintain the
status quo, why enact subsection (b)(1) at all? The pre-
sumption is, and should be, that Congress expects a change
when it goes through the trouble of amending a statute.
And, here, the majority's reasoning has plainly failed to over-
come that presumption.
D
The veterans canon resolves whatever lingering doubt
might remain about the proper interpretation of subsection
(b)(1). We have "long applied `the canon that provisions for
benefts to members of the Armed Services are to be con-
strued in the benefciaries' favor.' " Henderson v. Shinseki,
398 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Jackson, J., dissenting

(2011) ). Likewise, under the
veterans canon, "interpretive doubt is to be resolved in the
veteran's favor." Brown v. Gardner, 
(1994).
The veterans canon strongly supports interpreting subsec-
tion (b)(1) to represent more than Congress's grandiloquence.
Requiring subsection (b)(1) to affect the judicial review the
Veterans Court provides aligns with the signifcance of the
beneft-of-the-doubt rule and mitigates the unique problems
that arise in veterans' cases, including that veterans are
"often unrepresented" before the VA. Sanders, 556 U. S., at
412. Veterans' claims also often involve a considerable time
lag that produces problems of proof, since no statute of limi-
tations applies to such claims. D. Nagin, The Credibility
Trap: Notes on a VA Evidentiary Standard, 45 U. Memphis
L. Rev. 887, 894, 898 (2015). An appeal to the Veterans
Court is generally a veteran's "fnal opportunity" to correct
Page Proof Pending Publication
the VA's mistakes. Ante, at 375. Nondeferential review of
the VA's beneft-of-the-doubt determinations plainly mini-
mizes the risk that veterans with borderline claims will be
denied benefts to which they are entitled.
Therefore, the veterans canon "garnish[es] an already
solid argument" based on the statute's text and structure.
Arellano v. McDonough, (2023). Reading
subsection (b)(1) as a standalone command that requires the
Veterans Court to review the VA's application of the beneft-
of-the-doubt rule nondeferentially obviously favors veterans
more than an interpretation that reduces the provision to an
exclamation point.
III
The majority does not stop at the mistaken conclusion that
Congress enacted subsection (b)(1) for no reason other than
to reiterate the Veterans Court's pre-existing statutory du-
ties. It also proceeds to analyze how a challenge to the VA's
application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule fares when fl-
 Cite as: (2025) 399

Jackson, J., dissenting

tered through the authority conferred to the Veterans Court
in subsection (a). In this regard, the majority reasons that
part -- but not all -- of the VA's application of the beneft-of-
the-doubt rule must be reviewed for clear error. Ante, at
380. But in my view, the Court mischaracterizes the "ap-
proximate balance" assessment under, which is the
part of the analysis that is at issue here. The majority
maintains that that aspect of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule
involves the type of predominately factual fnding that appel-
late courts ordinarily review with deference. Ante, at 382 -- 
383. Stated simply, such is not the case.

A
To understand the majority's mistake, one must frst be
clear eyed about the two steps that are necessary for the
Veterans Court to review the VA's application of the beneft-
of-the-doubt rule. First, the Veterans Court identifes and
Page Proof Pending Publication
reviews the VA's relevant factual fndings concerning the evi-
dence presented. Then, the Veterans Court determines
whether, based on the VA's plausible factual fndings, the
"positive and negative evidence" is in "approximate balance"
(what I call the approximate-balance standard).
All agree that the clear-error standard applies to the VA's
factual fndings regarding the evidence that the Veterans
Court examines at step one. So, for example, the Veterans
Court must accept the VA's determination that a particular
piece of evidence is reliable or that an individual medical
examiner is qualifed, unless those fndings are clearly er-
roneous. It is at the second step -- when the Veterans
Court determines whether the evidence is in approximate
balance -- that questions of law come in.
At step two, the Veterans Court is essentially being asked
to decide whether a legal standard ("approximate balance")
has been satisfed on the established facts. As a general
matter, this Court has long treated the application of a legal
standard to a given set of facts as an exercise that poses a
400 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Jackson, J., dissenting

legal question. See, e. g., Guerrero-Lasprilla v. Barr, -- 228 (2020). What the majority misses in its
effort to shoehorn 's approximate-balance inquiry
into the question-of-fact category is the true nature of that
assessment, as well as the fact that making the approximate-
balance determination is more nuanced than simply weighing
the evidence on hand.
For one thing, the court must have a standard for deciding
when the evidence before it is in "approximate balance" as a
matter of law. In our common-law legal system, devising
that standard happens over time, on a case-by-case basis.
Therefore, applying it might well involve examining Veter-
ans Court precedents concerning the meaning of "approxi-
mate balance," as well as past cases that establish when and
under what circumstances certain kinds of evidence will be
found to qualify. One can easily imagine a body of case law
developing to illuminate the substantive and procedural con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tours of the approximate-balance inquiry and the factors that
are to be considered. Thus, applying 's "approxi-
mate balance" test is in no way akin to "fnding" a "material
fact" that is ultimately subject to subsection (a)(4)'s clear-
error review, as even the Government appeared to concede
at oral argument. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 59. Rather, applica-
tion of the "approximate balance" test presents a "classic
mixed question of law" that requires applying a "legal stand-
ard" to "historical facts." Ibid.
Where Congress has not prescribed a standard of review
for evaluating a mixed question, the appropriate degree of
deference refects "the nature of the mixed question" and
"which kind of court... is better suited to resolve it." U. S.
Bank N. A. v. Village at Lakeridge, LLC, 
(2018) ). In
general, trial courts' "expertise" as factfnders justifes def-
erence to their factual determinations. Anderson v. Besse-
mer City, -- 575 (1985). For this reason,
appellate courts "usually" review with deference mixed
 Cite as: (2025) 401

Jackson, J., dissenting

questions that require resolving "case-specifc factual is-
sues." U. S. Bank, 583 U. S., at 396. But, as I have already
explained, that is not what is happening here.
Even if the majority is correct to assume that 's
"approximate balance" standard calls for a mere head-to-
head weighing of the positive and negative evidence, that is
still an insuffcient basis upon which to rest the majority's
clear-error conclusion, because deference is "not always"
given regarding such fact-specifc inquiries. Ibid.,.
There are circumstances where de novo review is appro-
priate "even when answering a mixed question primarily in-
volves plunging into a factual record." Ibid.
Consider one common example. Whether probable cause
existed to support a search or seizure in the Fourth Amend-
ment context is a mixed question of law and fact that appel-
late courts review de novo. Ornelas v. United States, -- 699 (1996). And review of probable-cause de-
Page Proof Pending Publication
terminations proceeds in two steps, just like the
approximate-balance inquiry. At step one, the appellate
court identifes the relevant historical facts and reviews
them for clear error. Id., at 696 -- 697, 699. At step two, the
court decides whether an objectively reasonable police offcer
would believe that those facts establish probable cause to
search. Id., at 696 -- 697. The second step is a legal question
that asks whether the facts satisfy a legal standard. Ibid.
Another highly fact-sensitive inquiry is whether evidence
presented at trial is suffcient to support a verdict -- and ap-
pellate courts review that determination de novo as well. In
a civil case, the trial court may grant judgment to a moving
party as a matter of law after the nonmoving "party has
been fully heard on an issue during a jury trial," if it "fnds
that a reasonable jury would not have a legally suffcient
evidentiary basis to fnd for the party on that issue." Fed.
Rule Civ. Proc. 50(a)(1). When making this decision, the
trial judge determines whether, reviewing the facts in the
light most favorable to the nonmovant, the evidence is suff-
402 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Jackson, J., dissenting

cient to meet the applicable evidentiary standard. Reeves
v. Sanderson Plumbing Products, Inc., 
(2000); see also 9B C. Wright & A. Miller, Federal Practice
and Procedure (3d ed. 2008) (explaining that the
suffciency-of-the-evidence inquiry is a legal question deter-
mined by the court). And, on appeal, the reviewing court
undertakes the same suffciency analysis by evaluating the
evidence without any deference to the trial court's determi-
nation. Ibid.; see also Reeves, 530 U. S., at 150.3
These examples demonstrate that nondeferential appellate
review of factbound legal issues is not unprecedented. And
under (1), the Veterans Court must follow suit.
Section 7261(b)(1) directs the Veterans Court to evaluate the
VA's approximate-balance decisions by frst accepting the
agency's not-clearly-erroneous factual fndings about the evi-
dence presented and then determining whether that evi-
dence satisfes the approximate-balance standard, without
deference to the VA's own conclusions. This analysis -- 
Page Proof Pending Publication
which "has both legal and factual components," ante, at
381 -- is plainly analogous to the suffciency-of-evidence and
probable-cause questions that appellate courts regularly re-
view de novo.
B
The majority dismisses these compelling parallels on the
grounds that assessing the suffciency of the evidence or deter-
mining the existence of probable cause are more "legal" than
the approximate-balance inquiry. Ante, at 384 -- 385. The
majority further emphasizes that evaluating whether the ev-
idence is approximately balanced for purposes is a
"fact intensive" inquiry that is better left to the "tribunal
below" than the appeals court. Ante, at 382 -- 383. It also
unfurls a surplusage argument of its own: If de novo review
3
In criminal cases, too, whether evidence is legally suffcient to support
a conviction is reviewed de novo, considering the evidence in the light
most favorable to the prosecution. Jackson v. Virginia, -- 319 (1979).
 Cite as: (2025) 403

Jackson, J., dissenting

applies to the VA's approximate-balance determination, the
majority says, then subsection (b)(1) is superfuous under
petitioners' interpretation because that determination
"would have been subject to de novo review even before the
enactment of (1)." Ante, at 387.
None of this reasoning is persuasive. To start, the major-
ity's efforts to distinguish suffciency and probable-cause re-
view from the approximate-balance inquiry fall fat. For ex-
ample, according to the majority, the probable-cause inquiry
is distinguishable because reviewing courts assess probable
cause from the standpoint of an objectively reasonable off-
cer, and courts are required to consider and "refne over
time" what a "hypothetical person" would deem reasonable
as a matter of law. Ante, at 384 -- 385. The majority says
that suffciency challenges likewise require courts to use a
"legal lens, applying a hypothetical, objective standard" -- 
i. e., what a reasonable jury could fnd. Ante, at 386.
Page Proof Pending Publication
But the approximate-balance inquiry is not meaningfully
different. Before the Veterans Court can determine
whether the VA erred in deciding that the positive and nega-
tive evidence is not in "approximate balance," it must frst
have an understanding of what "balanced" evidence looks
like in this context. Identifying "balance" might involve a
hypothetical and objective examination of the evidence -- just
like a review of the suffciency of the evidence or probable
cause. Imagine two doctors testify in favor of a claimant's
diagnosis and two doctors testify against it. Does the mere
fact that the same number of witnesses are presented on
both sides mean that the evidence is "balanced," as a legal
matter? The Veterans Court would need to develop a legal
rule to decide. It would also need to decide how the quality
of the evidence factors in: What if one of the doctors is the
Nobel laureate who discovered the condition at issue while
others are recent medical-school graduates? Does the testi-
mony of a doctor who has examined the claimant balance
evenly against one who has not?
404 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Jackson, J., dissenting

It is thus quite likely that legal standards will need to
be developed to govern the assessment of "approximate
balance" -- which is why the majority is wrong to contend
that resolving approximate-balance challenges will rarely
produce generally applicable precedents. Ante, at 385 -- 386.
Regardless, the mere fact that the assignment here involves
a fact-intensive and "multi-faceted" decision -- such that
" `one determination will seldom be a useful "precedent" for
another' " -- should not impede our recognition of the signif-
cant questions of law that are embedded in the application
of the approximate-balance standard. Ornelas, 517 U. S., at
698; see also Dupree v. Younger, (2023)
(observing that suffciency challenges "depend on... the
facts").
The majority's attempt to distinguish probable cause from
the approximate-balance standard because the latter is "a
creature of statute," ante, at 385, is similarly off base. To
Page Proof Pending Publication
be sure, application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule is not
constitutional in nature. But this principle is not a mere
statutory creation, either -- it predates and in fact
"dates back to the post-Civil War era." Ante, at 373 ); see also, e. g., H. R. Rep. No.
387, 46th Cong., 3d Sess., 132 -- 133 (1881) (testimony of a
Bureau of Pensions physician explaining that when the evi-
dence left "room for doubt" regarding the extent of a veter-
an's disability, the practice was to "give him the beneft of
the doubt" if "he appear[ed] like an honest man"). In any
event, the majority does not explain why the statutory-
versus-constitutional distinction has any rational bearing on
the amount of deference the Veterans Court owes to the VA's
beneft-of-the-doubt determinations.
Speaking of statutes, it is also signifcant that, under the
judicial review scheme Congress has crafted for veterans'
benefts claims, the Veterans Court is no ordinary appellate
tribunal. The thrust of the majority's reasoning seems to
be that, as an "appellate court," the Veterans Court should
 Cite as: (2025) 405

Jackson, J., dissenting

do what appeals courts typically do: defer to the lower tribu-
nal's assessment of these " `case-specifc factual issues.' "
Ante, at 383. But the "contrast between ordinary civil liti-
gation" and the statutory requirements for adjudicating
veterans' benefts claims "could hardly be more dramatic."
Henderson, 562 U. S., at 440.
To begin, the institutional advantages that generally war-
rant deference to trial courts on factual issues do not exist
in this context, because the fnal decisionmaker for the VA -- 
the Board of Veterans' Appeals -- is itself an appellate body.
See id., at 431 ). What is more, the
Veterans Court is "an Article I tribunal" that Congress
placed within "a unique administrative scheme." Id., at
437 -- 438. Such tribunals often develop "special `expertise' "
that guides them " `in making complex determinations in a
specialized area of the law.' " Sanders, 556 U. S., at 412.
And that is particularly true of the Veterans Court, which
Page Proof Pending Publication
regularly reviews "case-specifc raw material" in veterans'
cases. Ibid. This feature distinguishes the Veterans Court
from Article III appellate courts because it gives that court
the "experience" and "expertise," Anderson, 470 U. S., at
574, that "enable it to make empirically based" judgments on
fact-specifc issues, Sanders, 556 U. S., at 412 -- such as
whether the beneft-of-the-doubt rule applies.
Considering these unique features of the Veterans Court
and the legal landscape in which it operates, there is good
reason to believe that the Veterans Court is actually "better
suited to resolve" the approximate-balance inquiry than the
VA itself. U. S. Bank, 583 U. S., at 395. This is especially
so given the need for fairness and consistency in the applica-
tion of the "approximate balance" standard.
Thus, even though review of the VA's approximate-balance
determination requires applying a legal standard to a set of
facts, the Veterans Court is well equipped to do so, and
de novo review of the VA's determination best promotes the
"sound administration of justice." Miller, 474 U. S., at 114.
406 BUFKIN v. COLLINS

Jackson, J., dissenting

In concluding otherwise, the majority minimizes the "singu-
lar characteristics" of the review scheme at issue, Hender-
son, 562 U. S., at 440, and disregards Congress's choice to
task the Veterans Court with ensuring that the VA complies
with the beneft-of-the-doubt rule.
Finally, because unquestionably authorizes
de novo review of questions of law, the majority contends
that applying de novo review to the VA's approximate-balance
determinations would render subsection (b)(1) superfuous.
Ante, at 386. But that reasoning assumes that it was always
clear that an approximate-balance challenge raises a legal
question (an assumption belied by the very holding that the
majority announces today). Quite to the contrary, before
Congress enacted subsection (b)(1) to require that the Veter-
ans Court "take due account" of the VA's beneft-of-the-doubt
determinations, that court -- erroneously, in my view -- re-
viewed beneft-of-the-doubt challenges with deference. See
supra, at 390 -- 391, 396 -- 397. Properly understood, subsection
Page Proof Pending Publication
(b)(1) accomplishes the clear and important mission of abro-
gating the Federal Circuit and Veterans Court cases requir-
ing such deference. The majority simply ignores this point.
See ante, at 387.
* * *
In response to complaints that the Veterans Court was not
doing enough to ensure that the VA was, in fact, giving
the beneft of the doubt to veterans, Congress inserted
into a demonstrably pro-claimant administrative scheme the
requirement that the Veterans Court "take due account"
of the VA's application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule.
(1). The reading that the majority adopts today re-
duces that provision to a rhetorical fourish and all but en-
sures that the Veterans Court will continue rubberstamping
the VA's application of the beneft-of-the-doubt rule.
If the majority's holding is correct, then "Congress went
through an awful lot to achieve relatively little." Wilkinson
v. Garland, (2024) (Jackson, J., concurring
 Cite as: (2025) 407

Jackson, J., dissenting

in judgment). The far better reading of this statute -- one
that fully comports with the text, structure, context, history,
and purpose of the provision Congress wrote -- is that the
Veterans Court must review without deference the VA's
approximate-balance determination, and thereby fully assess
that agency's compliance with Congress's commands.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
Page Proof Pending Publication
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 369: "Together with Thornton v. Collins, Secretary of Veterans Affairs
(see this Court's Rule 12.4), also on certiorari to the same court" is
inserted as a footnote to "Decided March 5, 2025"
p. 378, line 10 from bottom: "Bufkin v. McDonough" is inserted before 75
F. 4th 1368"
p. 378, line 9 from bottom: "Thornton v. McDonough" is inserted before
2023 WL 5091653"
p. 395, line 7 from bottom: "interpretation" is changed to "construction"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 604 U. S. Part 2
Pages 423 -- 457

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
March 21, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 423

Syllabus

DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the second circuit
No. 23 -- 825. Argued November 12, 2024 -- Decided March 21, 2025
Title 18 U. S. C. subjects a person who uses or carries a frearm
during a "crime of violence" to a mandatory minimum sentence of fve
years. (1)(A)(i) and (D)(ii). Section 924(c)(3)(A) defines a
"crime of violence" as a felony that "has as an element the use, at-
tempted use, or threatened use of physical force against the person or
property of another." To determine whether an offense falls within
(3)(A)'s "elements clause," the Court applies the categorical ap-
proach, asking whether the offense in question always involves the use,
attempted use, or threatened use of force. Here, Salvatore Delligatti
was convicted of violating after he recruited gang members to
kill a suspected police informant and gave them a loaded revolver to
carry out the job.
Before trial, Delligatti moved to dismiss his charge on the
Page Proof Pending Publication
ground that the charge lacked the required predicate crime of violence,
but the District Court denied his motion. Delligatti's indictment
charged him with attempted murder under the violent-crimes-in-aid-of-
racketeering (VICAR) statute, (5), which required proof that
Delligatti had attempted second-degree murder under New York law.
Delligatti argued that a VICAR offense predicated on New York second-
degree murder is not a crime of violence under 's elements clause
because homicide under New York law can be committed by omission,
defned as the failure to perform a legal duty. The Second Circuit af-
frmed the District Court's conclusion that New York attempted second-
degree murder is a crime of violence for purposes of (3)(A).
Held: The knowing or intentional causation of injury or death, whether by
act or omission, necessarily involves the "use" of "physical force" against
another person within the meaning of (3)(A). Pp. 429 -- 439.
(a) It is impossible to deliberately cause physical harm without the
use of physical force under. In United States v. Castleman, this Court held that under (9) -- which prohibits anyone
convicted of "a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence" from owning a
frearm -- "the knowing or intentional causation of bodily injury neces-
sarily involves the use of physical force," id., at 169. The Court's rea-
soning proceeded in two steps. First, the Court found it "impossible to
cause bodily injury without applying [the] force" needed to commit
424 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Syllabus

common-law battery. Id., at 170. Second, the Court
held that "the knowing or intentional application of force is a `use' of
force" in that sense. Ibid..
The logic of Castleman extends to. Although the parties
stipulate that (9) and require different levels of force -- 
battery-level force versus violent force -- that difference is immaterial
here. As the Court held in Stokeling v. United States, violent force encompasses "the `force' required for common-law rob-
bery." Although a mere touch is not suffcient force for common-law
robbery, any force that actually causes injury or death is. Id., at 83.
Further, common-law robbery, like battery, can be committed through
the indirect use of force. Thus, the "knowing or intentional causation
of bodily injury necessarily involves the use of physical force" under
just as it does under (9). Castleman, 572 U. S., at 169.
Pp. 429 -- 433.
(b) Castleman's logic forecloses Delligatti's challenge. Because New
York second-degree murder requires proof that the defendant intention-
ally caused the death of another person, it necessarily involves the use
of physical force under.
Delligatti contends that an offender can commit New York second-
degree murder without being the actual cause of the victim's death
Page Proof Pending Publication
because the offender can do so through omission of a legal duty. But
the test for "actual causality" is whether the victim's death "would not
have occurred in the absence of -- that is, but for -- the defendant's con-
duct." Burrage v. United States,. When a child starves to death after the parents refuse
to provide food, the parents' conduct is no less a cause of death than if
the parents had poisoned the child.
Delligatti also argues that an offender who causes harm by omission
does not make "use" of physical force "against the person... of an-
other." (3)(A). But it is natural to say that a person makes
"use" of something by deliberate inaction. A mother who purposely
kills her child by declining to intervene when the child drinks bleach
makes "use" of the bleach's poisonous properties.
Similarly, the phrase "against the person or property of another" in
(3)(A) does not exclude crimes of omission. That phrase at most
requires that another person be "the conscious object" of the force.
Borden v. United States, (plurality opinion). When-
ever an offender deliberately causes bodily harm by omission, another
person is necessarily the conscious object of physical force.
The ordinary meaning of the term "crime of violence" confrms that
Congress meant for the elements clause to cover crimes of omission.
Intentional murder is the prototypical "crime of violence," and it has
 Cite as: (2025) 425

Opinion of the Court

long been understood to incorporate liability for both act and omission.
In 1986, when the elements clause was enacted, at least 33 States gener-
ally defned criminally culpable acts to include omission of a legal duty,
and leading criminal-law treatises equated act and omission. If the ele-
ments clause is to have a reasonable relationship to the term it defnes,
it must encompass cases where the offender makes use of physical force
by deliberate inaction. Pp. 433 -- 438.
83 F. 4th 113, affrmed.

Thomas, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
and Alito, Sotomayor, Kagan, Kavanaugh, and Barrett, JJ., joined.
Gorsuch, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Jackson, J., joined, post,
p. 439.

Allon Kedem argued the cause for petitioner. With him
on the briefs were Matthew L. Farley, Dana Or, Dana
Kagan McGinley, Charles Birkel, Lucas Anderson, and Ni-
cole L. Masiello.
Deputy Solicitor General Feigin argued the cause for the
Page Proof Pending Publication
United States. With him on the brief were Solicitor Gen-
eral Prelogar, Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral Argentieri, Aimee W. Brown, and Sonja M. Ralston.*
Justice Thomas delivered the opinion of the Court.
Title 18 U. S. C. (3)(A) defnes a "crime of violence"
to include a felony that involves the "use of physical force"
against another person. In the context of a closely related
statute, we have held that "the knowing or intentional causa-
tion of bodily injury necessarily involves the use of physi-
cal force." United States v. Castleman, 
(2014). This case asks whether that principle extends to
(3)(A) and, if so, whether the principle holds in cases

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Federal Public
Defender Offces in the Second Circuit by Matthew B. Larsen and Ginger
D. Anders; for the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers et al.
by Alan Schoenfeld, Joshua L. Dratel, and Mary Price; and for the Na-
tional Association for Public Defense by Daniel Woofter and Emily
Hughes.
426 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

where an offender causes bodily injury by omission rather
than action. We answer both questions in the affrmative.
I
A
Section 924(c) subjects any person who uses or carries a
frearm during or in relation to a "crime of violence" to a
mandatory minimum sentence of fve years, to be served con-
secutively with any other term of imprisonment. 
(1)(A)(i) and (D)(ii). By the terms of the statute, a federal
felony qualifes as a predicate crime of violence if it falls
within either of two provisions. Under the frst provision,
known as the elements clause, an offense qualifes if it "has
as an element the use, attempted use, or threatened use of
physical force against the person or property of another."
(3)(A). Under the second provision, known as the re-
sidual clause, an offense qualifes if it, "by its nature, involves
Page Proof Pending Publication
a substantial risk that physical force against the person or
property of another may be used in the course of committing
the offense." (3)(B). In United States v. Davis, (2019), this Court held that the residual clause is
unconstitutionally vague. Id., at 470.
This Court applies a "categorical approach" to determine
whether an offense falls within the elements clause. United
States v. Taylor, (2022). Under that ap-
proach, we do not examine the defendant's actual conduct.
Instead, we ask whether the offense in question "always"
involves the use, attempted use, or threatened use of force.
Ibid. If the offense can be committed without the use, at-
tempted use, or threatened use of force, it is not a crime of
violence under the elements clause.

B
Salvatore Delligatti is an associate of the Genovese crime
family, one of the New York Mafa's so-called Five Families.
In 2014, a local gas station owner hired Delligatti to kill Jo-
 Cite as: (2025) 427

Opinion of the Court

seph Bonelli, a "neighborhood bully" and suspected police
informant. United States v. Pastore, 83 F. 4th 113, 117 (CA2
2023). Delligatti recruited several members of a street gang
to carry out the job and provided them with a car and a
loaded revolver. The gang members drove to Bonelli's
house while he was out, intending to shoot him when he re-
turned. They abandoned this plan, however, after seeing
too many potential witnesses. At Delligatti's urging, the
gang members returned the following day to try again.
But, by this time, the police had discovered the plot and ar-
rested the gang members on their way to carry out the hit.
The Government charged Delligatti with several offenses,
including one count of using or carrying a frearm during
or in relation to a "crime of violence" under. The
indictment charged as a predicate crime of violence at-
tempted murder under the violent-crimes-in-aid-of-rack-
eteering (VICAR) statute, 18 U. S. C. (5). VICAR
Page Proof Pending Publication
attempted murder requires proof that the defendant com-
mitted an underlying state or federal offense that constitutes
attempted "murder." Ibid. The Government alleged that
Delligatti met this requirement by attempting second-degree
murder under New York law. A person commits second-de-
gree murder when, "[w]ith intent to cause the death of an-
other person, he causes the death of such person or of a third
person." N. Y. Penal Law Ann..25(1) (West 2009).
Before trial, Delligatti moved to dismiss his charge
on the ground that the Government had not alleged a valid
predicate crime of violence. The District Court denied the
motion, holding that there "can be no serious argument" that
VICAR attempted murder is not a crime of violence. App.
to Pet. for Cert. 40a -- 41a. A jury convicted Delligatti on all
counts, and the District Court sentenced him to 25 years'
imprisonment.
On appeal to the U. S. Court of Appeals for the Second
Circuit, Delligatti argued that a VICAR offense predicated
on New York second-degree murder falls outside 's
428 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

elements clause. Homicide under New York law can be com-
mitted by act or omission, with the latter defned as a failure
to perform a legally imposed duty. N. Y. Penal Law Ann..00(3), 15.10 (West 2009); People v. Steinberg, 79 N. Y.
2d 673, 680, 595 N. E. 2d 845, 847 (1992). Thus, for example,
a parent who intentionally causes his child's death by with-
holding food or medical care commits second-degree murder
under New York law. See People v. Best, 202 App. Div. 2d
1015, 1015 -- 1016, 609 N. Y. S. 2d 478, 479 (1994). Delligatti
argued that omission-based crimes like these do not involve
the "use of force."
While Delligatti's appeal was pending, the Second Circuit
rejected his position in a different case. Relying on our de-
cision in Castleman, it held that the " `knowing or intentional
causation of bodily injury necessarily involves the use of
physical force,' " even when the defendant causes harm "by
omission." United States v. Scott, 990 F. 3d 94, 111, 114
(2021) (en banc). Applying Scott, the Second Circuit held in Delligatti's
case that New York attempted second-degree murder -- and,
by extension, a VICAR offense predicated on it -- is a crime
of violence because it necessarily involves at least the at-
tempted use of force. 83 F. 4th, at 121 -- 122.1
We granted certiorari to decide whether an individual who
knowingly or intentionally causes bodily injury or death by
failing to take action uses physical force within the meaning
of the elements clause. (2024).2
1
The Second Circuit assumed that the status of Delligatti's VICAR of-
fense turns on whether the underlying state offense is a crime of violence.
83 F. 4th, at 119 -- 120. However, at least one Court of Appeals has held
that a VICAR offense can be a crime of violence even if its underlying
predicate offense is not. United States v. Thomas, 87 F. 4th 267, 274 -- 275
(CA4 2023). We express no view on that issue.
2
Before this Court, Delligatti does not dispute the Second Circuit's hold-
ing that New York attempted second-degree murder is a crime of violence
if the completed offense is a crime of violence. See Pet. for Cert. 28. We
decide this case on that assumption.
 Cite as: (2025) 429

Opinion of the Court

II
The Second Circuit correctly held that causing bodily harm
by omission requires the use of force. As in Castleman, the
"use" of "physical force" in encompasses the knowing
or intentional causation of bodily injury. There is no excep-
tion to this principle when an offender causes bodily injury
by omission rather than affrmative act. Delligatti's 
challenge therefore fails.
A
Castleman establishes that under statutes like the one at
issue here it is impossible to deliberately cause physical harm
without the use of physical force. Although Castleman ad-
dressed a different statute, we conclude that its holding ex-
tends to.
1
Section 922(g)(9), the statute at issue in Castleman, pro-
Page Proof Pending Publication
hibits anyone convicted of "a misdemeanor crime of domestic
violence" from owning a frearm. As under 's ele-
ments clause, an offense qualifes under this provision if,
along with other criteria, it "has, as an element, the use...
of physical force." (33)(A). The question presented
in Castleman was whether an offense for " `intentionally or
knowingly caus[ing] bodily injury' " met that description.
572 U. S., at 161. The District Court had held that it was
possible to commit the offense without the use of force, be-
cause the offense encompassed deceiving someone " `into
drinking a poisoned beverage.' " Id., at 170. We disagreed.
Our reasoning proceeded in two steps.
First, we found it "impossible to cause bodily injury with-
out applying force" in the sense relevant here. Ibid. (em-
phasis added). Section 922(g)(9), we held, encompasses the
kind and "degree of force that supports a common-law bat-
tery conviction." Id., at 168. That "concept of `force' " in-
cludes causing bodily harm indirectly, such as " `by adminis-
tering a poison or by infecting with a disease, or even by
430 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

resort to some intangible substance,' such as a laser beam."
Id., at 170 (2d ed. 2003)).
Second, we held that "the knowing or intentional applica-
tion of force is a `use' of force" under the provision in ques-
tion. 572 U. S., at 170. A person uses
force in that sense when he makes force his "instrument,"
whether directly or indirectly. Id., at 170 -- 171 (internal quo-
tation marks omitted). So, for example, when a person
"sprinkles poison in a victim's drink," he uses force by "em-
ploying poison knowingly as a device to cause physical
harm," even though "the act of sprinkling" does not it-
self involve force. Id., at 171 (alteration and internal quota-
tion marks omitted). Thus, whenever someone knowingly
causes physical harm, he uses force within the meaning of
(9).
2

Page
The logicProof Pending
of Castleman extends Publication
to. Both
(9) and cover offenses involving the "use" of
"physical force." To be sure, these two provisions arguably
use the term "physical force" to require different levels of
force -- battery-level force for (9) and violent force for.3 But, because both battery-level force and violent
force may be applied indirectly, that difference is immate-
rial here.
In Castleman, Justice Scalia wrote an opinion concurring
in the judgment observing that deliberately causing injury
necessarily involves the use of both battery-level and vio-
lent force. The Castleman majority held that because of
(9)'s particular focus on misdemeanor crimes of do-
3
We have never addressed the meaning of "physical force" in 's
elements clause. The parties, however, agree that the term refers to "vio-
lent force" as defned by Johnson v. United States, 
(2010), rather than the battery-level force at issue in Castleman. See
Brief for Petitioner 19; Brief for United States 10. We assume without
deciding that interpretation.
 Cite as: (2025) 431

Opinion of the Court

mestic violence, the phrase "use of physical force" in that
statute requires only battery-level force, which can be satis-
fed by " `even the slightest offensive touching.' " Id., at
160 -- 168. The majority thereby distinguished Johnson v.
United States, (2010), where this Court had
held that the same phrase in the elements clause of the
Armed Career Criminal Act (ACCA) required a higher
showing of "violent force -- that is, the force capable of caus-
ing physical pain or injury to another person." Id., at 140;
see 18 U. S. C. (2)(B)(i). Justice Scalia disagreed,
concluding that (9) requires violent force. Castle-
man, 572 U. S., at 175 (opinion concurring in part and concur-
ring in judgment). But, he made clear that this point of
disagreement did not affect the outcome of that case. He
explained that intentionally or knowingly causing bodily in-
jury "categorically involves the use of `force capable of caus-
ing physical pain or injury to another person.' " Ibid. (quot-
ing Johnson, 559 U. S., at 140). And, "for the reasons given
Page Proof Pending Publication
by the Court," that is so even when the defendant "cause[s]
bodily injury through deceit or other nonviolent means."
572 U. S., at 175, (opinion of Scalia, J.).4
Justice Scalia's view of violent force eventually garnered
a majority. In Stokeling v. United States, 
(2019), we held that violent force encompasses "the `force'
required for common-law robbery," which is "the quintessen-
tial ACCA-predicate crime." Id., at 80. Common-law rob-
bery requires only the force needed to overcome the victim's
4
In the course of explaining why he thought that (9) required
the use of violent force, Justice Scalia objected to the majority's reliance
on advocacy groups that broadly defned "domestic violence" to include,
among other things, acts that "humiliate," "isolate," "frighten," or "blame"
someone, and acts "of omission." Castleman, 572 U. S., at 181 (internal
quotation marks omitted; emphasis added). In this context, the phrase
"acts of omission" plainly is not limited to causing injury or death by
deliberate inaction. Justice Scalia's rejection of that defnition thus sheds
no light on the question presented in this case. Contra, post, at 449 -- 450
(Gorsuch, J., dissenting).
432 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

slightest physical resistance, even if it results in "minimal
pain or injury." Id., at 78, 83 -- 84. Thus, although " `the
merest touching' " is not violent force, any force that actually
causes injury or death is. Id., at 83. We therefore concluded in Stokeling that Jus-
tice Scalia's "understanding of `physical force' " in Castleman
was "consistent with our holding." 586 U. S., at 85.
By pegging "physical force" to robbery, Stokeling makes
clear that even the indirect causation of bodily harm requires
the use of violent force. This principle was well established
when Congress enacted 's elements clause in 1986.
100 Stat. 456 -- 457. As one contemporaneous treatise put it,
"[j]ust as battery may be committed by the administration
of poison, so the force used to obtain property from a person
against his will may be applied internally." R. Perkins & R.
Boyce, Criminal Law 348 (3d ed. 1982) (footnote deleted); see
also People v. Dreas, 153 Cal. App. 3d 623, 627 -- 629, 200 Cal.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Rptr. 586, 589 (1984); Carroll v. State, 440 So. 2d 343, 344 -- 
345 (Ala. Crim. App. 1983); People v. Berryman, 43 Mich.
App. 366, 367 -- 368, 204 N. W. 2d 238, 239 (1972); State v. Skil-
lings, 98 N. H. 203, 207, 97 A. 2d 202, 205 (1953); State v.
Snyder, 41 Nev. 453, 456 -- 459, 172 P. 364, 364 -- 365 (1918);
2 W. LaFave & A. Scott, Substantive Criminal Law.11(d)(1), p. 447 (1986) (LaFave & Scott); 4 C. Torcia, Whar-
ton's Criminal Law, p. 67 (14th ed. 1981) (Wharton).
Delligatti resists extending Castleman's logic to.
He argues there cannot be an "automatic connection" be-
tween injury and the violent force requires because
even a small degree of force might injure an "eggshell" vic-
tim. Brief for Petitioner 37 -- 38. But, as we held in Stoke-
ling, the minimal force needed to overcome the resistance of
"a feeble or weak-willed victim" still qualifes as suffciently
"violent" to fall within the statute's ambit. 586 U. S., at 83.
Delligatti also concedes that it is possible to use violent force
"indirectly," Brief for Petitioner 7, as when a person tricks
another into eating food that has aged to the point of becom-
 Cite as: (2025) 433

Opinion of the Court

ing toxic, Tr. of Oral Arg. 17. Thus, the "knowing or inten-
tional causation of bodily injury necessarily involves the use
of physical force" under just as it does under
(9). Castleman, 572 U. S., at 169.

B
Castleman's logic forecloses Delligatti's challenge. Delib-
erately causing injury necessarily involves the use of force
in the sense relevant here. Under New York law, second-
degree murder requires proof that the defendant intention-
ally "cause[d] the death of another person." N. Y. Penal
Law Ann..25(1). And, it should go without saying, in-
tentionally causing death counts as deliberately causing in-
jury. Thus, second-degree murder in New York -- and, by
extension, Delligatti's VICAR offense premised on it -- is a
crime of violence under 's elements clause.
Delligatti disagrees. He insists that New York second-
Page Proof Pending Publication
degree murder falls outside Castleman's rule because a per-
son can commit the offense through omission of a legal duty.
Steinberg, 79 N. Y. 2d, at 680, 595 N. E. 2d, at 847; supra, at
428. In such cases, Delligatti contends, the law may deem
the offender the cause of the victim's death through "legal
fction," but that fction is not enough to make the person the
"actual cause." Reply Brief 7. That is incorrect. We have
explained that the test for "actual causality" is whether the
victim's death "would not have occurred in the absence of -- 
that is, but for -- the defendant's conduct." Burrage v.
United States, (2014). When a young child starves to death after
his parents refuse to give him food, that harm would not
have occurred but for the parents' choice. Both in the eyes
of the law and as a practical matter, the parents' conduct is
no less a cause of the child's death than if the parents had
poisoned him.
Unable to escape Castleman's reach, Delligatti argues in
the alternative that its rule is unsound as applied to omis-
434 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

sions. An offender who causes harm by omission, the the-
ory goes, does not make "use" of physical force "against the
person... of another." (3)(A). Again, we disagree.
It is perfectly natural to say that a person makes "use" of
something by deliberate inaction. A car owner, for exam-
ple, can "use" the rain to wash his vehicle simply by leaving
it parked on the street. And, a fugitive can "use" the cover
of darkness to hide by lying still at night. In the same way,
a mother who purposely kills her child by declining to inter-
vene when the child fnds bleach and starts drinking it makes
"use" of the bleach's poisonous properties to accomplish her
unlawful end. And, a husband who deliberately abandons
his wife to die in the cold "use[s] th[e] forces" of "the ele-
ments" to cause her death. Territory v. Manton, 7 Mont.
162, 168, 14 P. 637, 638 -- 639 (1887). Delligatti's proposed
action-inaction distinction has no basis in ordinary meaning.
Similarly, we reject the argument that the phrase "against
another" excludes crimes of omission. At most, that phrase
Page Proof Pending Publication
requires that another person be "the conscious object" of the
force the offender uses. Borden v. United States, (2021) (plurality opinion). Put differently, the lan-
guage "against another" specifes the required object of the
force (another person, rather than, say, an animal), and possi-
bly also the mens rea with which the object must be targeted
(knowingly or intentionally, rather than negligently or reck-
lessly). Id., at 430 -- 434.5 Whenever an offender deliber-

5
In Borden, this Court split evenly on the meaning of "against another"
in ACCA's elements clause. The four-Justice plurality held that the
phrase identifes the object of the force and limits the elements clause
to knowing or intentional wrongdoing. 593 U. S., at 430 -- 434. The four-
Justice dissent held that the phrase only identifes the object. Id., at 454 -- 
461 (opinion of Kavanaugh, J.). The author of this opinion supplied the
ffth vote for the holding that the elements clause requires at least know-
ing conduct, but did so for reasons unrelated to the meaning of "against
another." Id., at 446 (Thomas, J., concurring in judgment). We express
no view on whether the phrase "against another" imports a mens rea
requirement, which is not necessary to resolve this case.
 Cite as: (2025) 435

Opinion of the Court

ately causes bodily harm by omission, he necessarily makes
another person the conscious object of physical force. In the
bleach example, the mother's refusal to take away the bleach
is not an accident, but rather a deliberate effort to make the
child suffer the bleach's poisonous effects. The mother thus
uses force against her child. It would be passing strange
to say the mother used force to cause the child's death, but
did not use force against anyone.
Context also confrms that crimes of omission fall within
the elements clause. The elements clause is a defnition of
the term "crime of violence." (3). When choosing
among interpretations of a statutory defnition, the "ordinary
meaning" of the "defned term" is an important contex-
tual clue. Bond v. United States, (2014).
Thus, we prefer interpretations of the elements clause
that encompass prototypical "crimes of violence" over those
that do not. See Stokeling, 586 U. S., at 81 -- 82; Voisine v.
Page Proof Pending Publication
United States, (2016); Castleman, 572 U. S.,
at 167.
Intentional murder is the prototypical "crime of violence,"
and it has long been understood to incorporate liability for
both act and omission. At the time of the elements clause's
enactment, it was widely accepted that one could commit
murder by refusing to perform a legal duty, like feeding one's
child. See, e. g., Lackey v. State, 246 Ga. 331, 331 -- 332, 336,
271 S. E. 2d 478, 480 -- 481, 483 (1980); State v. Nicholson, 585
P. 2d 60, 61 -- 63 (Utah 1978) (per curiam); People v. Burden,
72 Cal. App. 3d 603, 616 -- 619, 140 Cal. Rptr. 282, 289 -- 291
(1977); Biddle v. Commonwealth, 206 Va. 14, 20 -- 21, 141 S. E.
2d 710, 714 -- 715 (1965); State v. Shephard, 255 Iowa 1218,
1232 -- 1235, 124 N. W. 2d 712, 720 -- 722 (1963); 1 LaFave &
Scott.3, at 282 -- 283. As the Government notes, this view
had deep roots in the common law. See Cruzan v. Director,
Mo. Dept. of Health, (1990) (Scalia, J., con-
curring) (collecting authorities); Commonwealth v. Hall, 322
Mass. 523, 527 -- 528, 78 N. E. 2d 644, 647 (1948) (same); 1 W.
436 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Hawkins, Pleas of the Crown, p. 79 (1716); Brief for
United States 23 -- 26.
Moreover, murder was not the only violent crime that
States recognized could arise from omission. Knowingly
causing nonlethal injury to one's child by neglect, for exam-
ple, could amount to common-law battery. See, e. g., People
v. Bernard, 149 Ill. App. 3d 684, 693 -- 695, 500 N. E. 2d 1074,
1079 -- 1080 (1986); State v. Walden, 306 N. C. 466, 476, 293
S. E. 2d 780, 786 -- 787 (1982); 1 LaFave & Scott.3(e), at 294.
In 1986, at least 33 States had statutes generally defning
criminally culpable acts to include omission of a legal duty.
See Brief for United States 27 -- 28,. Leading criminal-
law treatises similarly equated act and omission. 1 La-
Fave & Scott.3, at 282 -- 283; 1 Wharton, at 116 -- 120
(1978); see also ALI, Model Penal Code.13(7), p. 209 (1985)
("acted" "includes, where relevant, `omitted to act' ").
Thus, we cannot adopt Delligatti's interpretation without
Page Proof Pending Publication
excluding traditional and widely accepted defnitions of mur-
der and other prototypical violent crimes from the elements
clause's reach. If the elements clause is to have a reasonable
relationship to the term it defnes, it must encompass cases
where the offender makes use of physical force by deliberate
inaction. To the extent any doubt remains that Congress
meant for the elements clause to cover crimes of omission,
the ordinary meaning of "crime of violence" resolves it.
Delligatti insists that his position -- that murder is not a
crime of violence -- is not as outlandish as it sounds. Con-
gress, he tells us, expected crimes like his to fall within the
now-defunct residual clause. See (3)(B) (covering of-
fenses that involve "a substantial risk that physical force...
may be used"). But, to say that killing someone involves a
"risk" of force is a gross understatement in ordinary speech,
rendering the residual clause at best an awkward ft. The
elements clause is thus the natural home for murder and
other prototypical violent crimes, and the unreasonableness
of excluding such crimes from the elements clause is an "ad-
 Cite as: (2025) 437

Opinion of the Court

ditional reason to read the statute as we do." Castleman,
572 U. S., at 167.
C
The dissent's arguments fare no better than Delligatti's.
The dissent asserts that the use of physical force requires "a
violent or extreme physical act" rather than "mere touching
or pre-existing natural forces." Post, at 442 (opinion of Gor-
such, J.). In other words, disagreeing with Justice Scalia,
the dissent maintains that many ways of causing bodily harm
indirectly, such as deceiving the victim or slipping poison
into his drink, do not involve the use of violent force. Ibid.,
; see Castleman, 572 U. S., at 175, (opinion of Scalia,
J.). This view runs headlong into Stokeling's hold-
ing that violent force encompasses "the `force' required for
common-law robbery." 586 U. S., at 80. Common-law rob-
bery is a crime that may be committed indirectly, supra, at
432, such as by slipping a sedative into the victim's coffee,
Page Proof Pending Publication
Dreas, 153 Cal. App. 3d, at 627, 200 Cal. Rptr., at 589. Thus,
no violent or extreme physical act is needed to use force
within the meaning of the elements clause. Not even Del-
ligatti disagrees with that basic proposition. See supra,
at 432 -- 433.
The dissent suggests that, in any event, criminal statutes
do not cover omissions absent express language to that ef-
fect. Post, at 444 -- 445. No such clear-statement rule ex-
ists. Many crimes "may be committed either by affrmative
action or by failure to act" even though they are not "specif-
cally so defned." 1 LaFave & Scott.3, at 282; see supra,
at 435 -- 436. New York's second-degree murder statute is a
prime example. It prohibits intentionally "caus[ing] the
death of another person" without explicitly mentioning omis-
sions. N. Y. Penal Law Ann..25(1). But, because one
can cause death by omission, the statute covers omissions.
Supra, at 428. So too here, because one can make "use of
physical force" against another by omission, (3)(A),
the elements clause covers omissions.
438 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Nor do any of our precedents establish that, in the context
of the elements clause, it is impossible to "use" force by omis-
sion. Contra, post, at 447. In Bailey v. United States, (1995), this Court explained that the word "use"
means " `[t]o convert to one's service,' `to employ,' `to avail
oneself of,' and `to carry out a purpose or action by means
of.' " Id., at 145. Thus, the "mere possession of a frearm"
during a crime does not amount to a "use" of the frearm
under if the wrongdoer does not employ the frearm
to accomplish his criminal end. Id., at 143; see also Voisine,
579 U. S., at 692 -- 693, and (reiterating Bailey's interpre-
tation of "use"); Leocal v. Ashcroft, (2004)
(same). In contrast, a mother who lets her child drink
bleach because she wants him to die uses the force of the
bleach within the meaning of the elements clause because
she accomplishes her purpose by means of the bleach's harm-
ful effects. And, by targeting a particular individual, the
Page Proof Pending Publication
mother has taken a "specifc actio[n] against [a] specifc per-
so[n]," not merely "pose[d] an abstract risk to community
peace and order." Taylor, 596 U. S., at 856. As a matter of
both text and precedent, deliberately causing injury or death
by omission is a use of physical force.
Finally, the dissent takes issue with our reliance on the
ordinary meaning of "crime of violence," branding it an im-
permissible "resort to unexpressed legislative intentions."
Post, at 452. To the contrary, we engage in the standard
task of reading a statutory defnition in light of the conven-
tional meaning of the term it defnes. "Since on this side of
the looking-glass an entirely artifcial defnition is rare, the
meaning of the defnition is almost always closely related to
the ordinary meaning of the word being defned." A.
Scalia & B. Garner, Reading Law 228 (2012). Thus, when
the meaning of the elements clause "is not clear," the ordi-
nary meaning of the term "crime of violence" is one of "the
most important" factors we can consider. Ibid.
 Cite as: (2025) 439

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

* * *
The knowing or intentional causation of injury or death,
whether by act or omission, necessarily involves the use of
physical force against another person. The judgment of the
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit is affrmed.

It is so ordered.
Justice Gorsuch, with whom Justice Jackson joins,
dissenting.
Imagine a lifeguard perched on his chair at the beach who
spots a swimmer struggling against the waves. Instead of
leaping into action, the lifeguard chooses to settle back in his
chair, twirl his whistle, and watch the swimmer slip away.
The lifeguard may know that his inaction will cause death.
Perhaps the swimmer is the lifeguard's enemy and the life-
guard even wishes to see him die. Either way, the lifeguard
is a bad man. In many States, he may be guilty of a serious
Page Proof Pending Publication
crime for failing to fulfll his legal duty to help the swimmer.
But does the lifeguard's offense also qualify under 18 U. S. C.
(3)(A) as a "crime of violence" involving the "use...
of physical force against the person... of another"? The
Court thinks so. I do not. Section 924(c)(3)(A) may reach
many crimes, but it does not reach crimes of omission.

I
A
As I see it, the Court reaches the wrong destination be-
cause it takes a wrong turn at the start. Our cases are re-
plete with reminders that, when faced with a question of
statutory interpretation, the text is where we must begin
(and often end). Today, however, the Court whistles past
the terms Congress gave us in (3)(A). Instead, it
chooses to begin (and largely end) its analysis of this case
with an examination of precedent and assumptions about
440 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

congressional purposes. Ante, at 429 -- 437. I will get to
those matters later. But frst, let's do what the Court does
not and look to the text.
Section 924(c)(1) imposes a sentencing enhancement on in-
dividuals who "us[e]," "carr[y]," or "posses[s]" frearms "dur-
ing and in relation to" a "crime of violence." See ante, at
426. Section 924(c)(3)(A) then proceeds to defne the phrase
"crime of violence" as "an offense that is a felony and... has
as an element the use, attempted use, or threatened use of
physical force against the person or property of another."
Today, the Court reworks that defnition at the govern-
ment's request. Now, the Court says, a "crime of violence"
includes "the knowing or intentional causation of bodily in-
jury... by omission." Ante, at 429. Under that approach,
the government admits, even our lifeguard, whose offense
stems from inaction, is guilty of a "crime of violence." Tr.
of Oral Arg. 51. The only trouble is, nothing like the rule
Page Proof Pending Publication
the government proposes and the Court adopts appears any-
where in.
To appreciate how unlikely the Court's new rule is, just
walk through the statute's key defnitional terms, beginning
with the word "use." When Congress adopted the current
version of in 1984, the word "use" meant, as it does
today, "to employ," "to convert to one's service," or "to avail
one's self of." Black's Law Dictionary 1381 (def. 1) (5th ed.
1979); see also Webster's New Universal Unabridged Dic-
tionary 2012 (def. 1) (2d ed. 1983) (similar). As this Court
has long recognized, "[t]hese various defnitions of `use' imply
action." Bailey v. United States, (1995);
see also Voisine v. United States, -- 693, and
(2016) (collecting cases). And because "use" has an "ac-
tive meaning," one does not "use" something through mere
"inacti[on]," "inert[ia]," or "nonactiv[ity]." Bailey, 516 U. S.,
at 148 -- 149.
What must a person actively employ to commit a crime
of violence? The statute tells us: "physical force. "
 Cite as: (2025) 441

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

(3)(A). That is, "[f]orce applied to the body; actual
violence." Black's Law Dictionary, at 1032. This Court ex-
plained as much in Johnson v. United States, 
(2010). There, the Court addressed the meaning of the
phrase "physical force" in the defnition of the term "violent
felony" in. "[P]hysical force," the Court held, does
not reach "emotional" or "intellectual" force. Id., at 138.
Nor does it carry its "specialized meaning in the feld of phys-
ics: a cause of the acceleration of mass." Id., at 138 -- 139.
So letting a pre-existing force of nature run its course does
not suffce. Instead, an individual must employ "[f]orce con-
sisting in a physical act." Id., at 139.
The "physical act" must also be a violent one. Again, con-
sider Johnson. Because uses the phrase "physical
force" to defne what qualifes as a "violent felony," the Court
in Johnson rejected the government's effort to equate the
"physical act" required by the statute with the kind of
Page Proof Pending Publication
"mer[e] touching" suffcient to establish the common-law
crime of battery. Id., at 139. Resort to common-law bat-
tery principles in this statutory scheme, the Court reasoned,
would produce "a comical misft." Id., at 145. Instead, the
Court ruled, the requisite "physical act" must be "violent,"
which is to say "extreme" and "severe." Id., at 140. And
if that much follows when the phrase "physical force" is used
to defne a "violent felony" in, surely the same must
hold true when the same phrase is used in the same section
of the U. S. Code to defne a "felony" "crime of violence."
; see Azar v. Allina Health Services, (2019).
Finally, the statute requires the use of force "against the
person or property of another." Again addressing,
a plurality of this Court has recognized that similar language
modifes the "volitional conduct (i. e., the use of force)" dis-
cussed in the statute, and in doing so identifes the "conscious
object" of a defendant's "use of physical force." Borden v.
United States, (2021). All of which sug-
442 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

gests that the statute before us captures only active violent
force when it is knowingly or intentionally applied against
the person or property of another. See id., at 431 -- 432.
Putting these pieces together reveals the implausibility of
the Court's new rule. To commit a "crime of violence," an
individual must (1) actively (not just through inertia) employ
(2) a violent or extreme physical act (not a mere touching or
pre-existing natural forces) (3) knowingly or intentionally to
harm another person or his property. An individual who, as
the Court puts it, "causes bodily injury by omission" does
not begin to meet these criteria. Ante, at 429. Someone
like our lifeguard may knowingly or intentionally cause an-
other's death by refusing to fulfll his legal duty to act. Ma-
liciously, he may choose to allow natural forces to take their
toll. But by remaining in his chair, he does not actively em-
ploy even the merest touching, let alone violent physical
force. Of course, crimes of omission like our lifeguard's are
Page Proof Pending Publication
serious ones that can invite serious punishments under vari-
ous state and federal laws. But (3)(A) was not writ-
ten to reach every felony found in our Nation's many criminal
codes. And the statute's terms simply cannot be stretched
to cover crimes of "inact[ion]," "inert[ia]," or "nonacti[vity]."
Bailey, 516 U. S., at 149.1

1
Admittedly, trying to distinguish between acts and omissions can some-
time prove a tricky business. See, e. g., Trinity Lutheran Church of Co-
lumbia, Inc. v. Comer, (2017) (Gorsuch, J., concurring
in part); 1 W. LaFave & A. Scott, Substantive Criminal Law.2, p. 273
(1986) (LaFave & Scott). But as I read this statute, that is a distinction
Congress tasked us with drawing here. Nor is that the only line this
statute requires us to respect, for even when it comes to active crimes
(3)(A) reaches only a subset of them. So imagine, for example, our
lifeguard, aware of deadly currents in the area, tricks a beachgoer into
the water with a promise about its safety. The lifeguard's deceit might
be an act rather than an omission, but his crime does not involve even a
mere touching, let alone the use of violent physical force this statute
demands.
 Cite as: (2025) 443

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

B
Not only does the Court fail to grapple with the statutory
text, it breezes past the next best evidence of statutory
meaning: context. As it turns out, several pieces of con-
textual evidence, all unmentioned by the Court, weigh
against the notion that a (3)(A) "crime of violence"
can include a crime of omission.
First, consider how informed readers understood the
phrase in 1981. When Congress frst considered defning
"crime of violence" to require the "use of physical force
against the person or property of another," legislators recog-
nized that those terms would not reach omissions. S. Rep.
No. 97 -- 307, p. 591 (1981). A Senate report explained that
the "operator of a dam [who] refuse[d] to open the foodgates
during a food, thereby placing the residents of an upstream
area in jeopardy of their lives" would not commit a "crime
of violence" since "he did not... use physical force." Ibid.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Of course, "legislative history is not the law" and should not
be confused for it. Epic Systems Corp. v. Lewis, (2018). But the report supplies at least some evi-
dence that ordinary speakers at the time of (3)(A)'s
enactment understood the phrase "use... of physical force"
to exclude crimes of omission. See A. Scalia & B. Garner,
Reading Law: The Interpretation of Legal Texts 388 (2012)
(Scalia & Garner) (recognizing that courts may use legis-
lative history "for the purpose of establishing linguistic
usage").
Second, analyzing "how particular combinations of words
are used in a vast database of English prose" can shed light
on how ordinary people understand statutory terms. See
Facebook, Inc. v. Duguid, (2021) (Alito,
J., concurring in judgment). Just such a database -- the Cor-
pus of Contemporary American English -- contains "forty-
seven non-specialist instances of `use of physical force.' "
United States v. Scott, 990 F. 3d 94, 129, (CA2 2021)
444 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

(en banc) (Menashi, J., concurring in part and concurring in
judgment). Of those references, "all refer to physical con-
tact; none plausibly refer to `deriv[ing] service from' a preex-
isting physical force." Ibid. Thus the phrase "prototypi-
cally refers to assertive physical contact -- `punches, kicks,
slaps[,] and body slams.' " Id., at 129.
Third, any other interpretation introduces redundancy
into the statutory scheme. Section 924(c)(3) details two sep-
arate ways in which an offense may qualify as a "crime of
violence." The frst, the focus of our attention, is found in
(3)(A), or what is sometimes called the elements
clause. That provision addresses those felony offenses that
have "as an element the use... of physical force against
the person or property of another." The second, found in
(3)(B), or what is sometimes called the residual clause,
speaks to felony offenses that "by [their] nature, involv[e] a
substantial risk [of] physical force." To the extent 
Page Proof Pending Publication
might address omission offenses, the residual clause is their
natural home. It requires no active employment of physical
force, only a risk some such force might be deployed. Ex-
panding the elements clause to reach omission offenses, as
the Court does today, goes a long way toward rendering the
residual clause pointless. Perhaps the Court considers that
outcome a virtue, given that we have held the residual clause
unconstitutionally vague and thus unenforceable. United
States v. Davis, (2019). But conscripting
one subsection to do the work no longer performed by an-
other makes a hash of the separate and discrete provisions
that Congress enacted.
Finally, a look to the broader federal criminal code rein-
forces what the statutory text suggests. Congress has ex-
hibited no diffculty addressing omission crimes elsewhere,
mentioning them explicitly in dozens of provisions up and
down the U. S. Code. E. g., 18 U. S. C. ("act or omis-
sion" is punishable); (similar); (similar); 28
U. S. C. (1) (similar). The fact that Congress
 Cite as: (2025) 445

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

"knows exactly" how to reach omission offenses "when it
wishes" to do so, yet declined to mention them in 18 U. S. C.
(3)(A), stands as one more piece of evidence yet that
the statute covers only offenses involving the active use of
force. Ysleta del Sur Pueblo v. Texas, 
(2022).2
C
Where does (or should) all this leave us? To determine
whether a state offense qualifes as a crime of violence under
the elements clause, a court must assess whether the offense
"has as an element the use, attempted use, or threatened
use of physical force" against another. (3)(A). That
assessment "does not require -- in fact, it precludes -- an in-
quiry into how any particular defendant may commit the
crime." United States v. Taylor, (2022).
Were it otherwise and a sentencing judge could fnd facts
about the defendant's underlying conduct, serious Sixth
Page Proof Pending Publication
Amendment questions might follow. See Erlinger v. United
States, (2024).
Now apply the elements clause's test to the New York stat-
ute at issue before us. That law makes it a crime intention-
ally "to cause the death of another." N. Y. Penal Law Ann..25(1) (West 2009); see also ante, at 428, and. Doubt-
less, New York's offense can be (and usually is) committed
by affrmative actions involving the use of violent physical
force. But, the parties agree, New York's offense can also
be committed by someone, like our lifeguard, who intention-
ally causes death by failing to fulfll a legal duty requiring
him to act. Brief for Petitioner 18; Brief for United States
8. In cases like that, prosecutors can prevail simply by
showing that a defendant did nothing when he had a legal
2
In recognizing that Congress's choice of words in other statutes might
inform the best reading of this one, I hew to familiar interpretive princi-
ples. See, e. g., Astrue v. Ratliff, (2010) (majority
opinion of Thomas, J.) (same reasoning). I do not, as the Court charges,
invent a "clear-statement rule" for crimes of omission. Ante, at 437.
446 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

duty to do something. And because a defendant can be con-
victed of the crime without proof that he used, attempted to
use, or threatened to use physical force against anyone or
anything at all, New York's offense cannot qualify as a crime
of violence under (3)(A).

II
The Court chafes at this conclusion. It emphasizes that
Mr. Delligatti committed no mere crime of omission but in-
stead plotted to use active force against his victim. Ante, at
426 -- 428. On that much, there is no room for dispute. But
neither is there room to dispute that (3)(A) focuses on
the elements of New York's offense, not the particulars of
Mr. Delligatti's crime. Some have criticized this feature of
the elements clause, and their voices "could hardly be
louder." United States v. Harris, 87 F. 4th 195, 212, and
(CA3 2023) (Jordan, J., concurring in denial of rehearing
Page Proof Pending Publication
en banc) (collecting criticisms). But no amount of wishful
thinking can change the nature of the inquiry that 
(3)(A) demands. See Taylor, 596 U. S., at 850.
Ultimately, the Court acknowledges as much. For New
York's offense to qualify as a "crime of violence," the Court
concedes, it must fnd some way to explain how committing
that offense by omission requires the government to prove,
as an element, the "use... of physical force." Ante, at 428,
433. To get there, the Court appeals to precedent, ante, at
429 -- 433, and implicit congressional purposes, ante, at 436.
But, unsurprisingly, our precedents do not require us to ig-
nore the statute's terms. And no amount of conjecture
about implicit congressional purposes can substitute for stat-
utory text.
Start with the Court's argument from precedent. The
Court asks us to believe that its hands are tied by United
States v. Castleman, (2014), and Stokeling v.
United States, (2019). Those two cases, the
Court insists, require us to conclude that knowingly or inten-
 Cite as: (2025) 447

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

tionally causing bodily injury by omission always "requires
the use of force." Ante, at 429. So, as the Court tells it,
even if the statute's terms might suggest a different result,
respect for stare decisis compels the conclusion that New
York's statute satisfes the elements clause. Ibid.
Notice, though, what's missing from the Court's account of
precedent. While training its attention on Castleman and
Stokeling, the Court neglects so many other relevant cases,
relegating them to little more than an afterthought. Ante,
at 438. Where is Bailey, and its holding that the term "use"
in (1) carries an "active meaning," implying "action
and implementation," not mere "inacti[on]," "inert[ia]," or
"nonactivit[y]"? 516 U. S., at 145 -- 149. Where is our prece-
dent holding that the same word in the same law normally
carries the same meaning -- indicating that the term "use" in
(3)(A) should be read the same way? See Azar, 587
U. S., at 574. Where are our decisions in Leocal and Voi-
Page Proof Pending Publication
sine, interpreting "use" in other analogous contexts to mean
"active employment," Leocal v. Ashcroft, (2004),
or "volitional conduct," Voisine, 579 U. S., at 693? Where is
Johnson's conclusion that the term "physical force" in
excludes "its specialized meaning in... physics,"
requires more than "the merest touching," and cannot be
equated with the common law of battery? 559 U. S., at 138 -- 
139. And where is Taylor's admission that a "crime of vio-
lence" under "[p]lainly... requires the government
to prove that the defendant took specifc actions against spe-
cifc persons or their property"? 596 U. S., at 856. Viewing
our precedents as a whole leaves little question about how
this case should come out. But, rather than engage with so
many inconvenient cases, the Court largely ignores them.
Even examined in isolation, the two decisions the Court
plucks out of the stack cannot begin to do the work the Court
seeks to impress upon them. Take Castleman frst. It in-
volved, which prohibits anyone convicted of a "mis-
demeanor crime of domestic violence" from owning a frearm.
448 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

By statute, Congress has defned the phrase "misdemeanor
crime[s] of domestic violence" to reach certain offenses that
have "as an element, the... use of physical force." 
(33)(A)(ii). The question for the Court was whether a state
domestic-assault statute making it a crime to "intentionally
or knowingly caus[e] bodily injury" satisfed that defnition.
572 U. S., at 161. The Court held it did. Because (9)
focuses on misdemeanor crimes of violence, the Court rea-
soned, it requires no more "physical force" than that required
to establish a battery at common law -- so "even the slightest
offensive touching" will do. Ante, at 430 -- 431. And, the Court held, the
state offense at issue met that standard because it required
proof of "force in the common-law sense." Id., at 170.
Nothing in Castleman compels the conclusion that omis-
sion crimes involve "the use, attempted use, or threatened
use of physical force" suffcient to implicate (3)(A).
Page Proof Pending Publication
Cf. ante, at 429 -- 430. In fact, Castleman did not even dis-
cuss crimes of omission. And when the Court spoke of what
it means to "use physical force," the Court spoke in active
terms, stressing that the "knowing or intentional applica-
tion of force is a `use' of force." 572 U. S., at 170. To be sure, the Court observed that a defendant
may use physical force "indirectly, rather than directly."
Id., at 170 -- 171. So, the Court explained, when a defendant
"pull[s] the trigger on a gun," the defendant uses physical
force even though the "bullet, not the trigger,... strikes
the victim." Ibid. But from that, it does not follow that a
defendant "uses physical force" when he does nothing. Cf.
ante, at 429 -- 433. Someone like our lifeguard stands worlds
away from a shooter who indirectly "uses" a frearm's explo-
sive force when he pulls the trigger.
To the extent Castleman has anything to say about our
case, it does more to hurt than to help the Court's cause. To
reach its holding that common-law battery informs the de-
gree of physical force required by (9), Castleman had
 Cite as: (2025) 449

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

to distinguish Johnson, where the Court held that the degree
of force associated with common-law battery does not qualify
as the kind of "physical force" necessary to satisfy.
559 U. S., at 140; see Part I -- A, supra. To distinguish John-
son, Castleman stressed that (9) addresses "misde-
meanor crime[s] of domestic violence," while focuses
on "violent felon[ies]." 572 U. S., at 163 -- 164. That difference, the Court reasoned, indicates the
two statutes demand different degrees of force. Id., at 164.
Here, of course, we face a statute like, one addressing
felony crimes of violence, not mere misdemeanors. And if,
as Johnson held and Castleman recognized, a mere touching
is insuffcient to satisfy 's "physical force" require-
ment, it is hard to imagine how complete inaction might ft
the bill under (3)(A).
With nothing in the Castleman majority opinion to help it,
the Court eventually turns to Justice Scalia's solo concur-
Page Proof Pending Publication
rence. Ante, at 430 -- 432. There, he rejected the majority's
suggestion that a slight touching qualifes as the "use of
physical force" even under. 572 U. S., at 173 -- 175
(opinion concurring in part and concurring in judgment).
The common-law battery standard, he said, plays no role in
a statute that does not reference it. Id., at 176. Instead,
the author of Johnson explained that he read the phrase
"physical force" in both and to mean what
Johnson said it means: "violent force -- that is, force capable
of causing physical pain or injury." 572 U. S., at 174 (quot-
ing Johnson, 559 U. S., at 140; emphasis deleted). Even so,
Justice Scalia concurred in the judgment because the state
statute at issue in Castleman required proof that the defend-
ant "cause[d] bodily injury," and, in his view, "it is impossible
to cause bodily injury" without employing the kind of violent
force Johnson discussed. 572 U. S., at 174.
That syllogism is of no use to the Court here. Justice
Scalia may have claimed that a defendant whose actions
cause bodily injury necessarily uses violent physical force.
450 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Ibid. But he did not claim that a defendant whose failure to
act causes bodily injury also necessarily uses violent physical
force. Quite the opposite. "[N]onphysical conduct" like
"acts of omission," Justice Scalia said, cannot "possibly be
relevant to the meaning of a statute requiring `physical
force.' " Id., at 181 (emphasis deleted; some internal quota-
tion marks omitted). By rejecting the notion that omissions
resulting in bodily injury can give rise to liability under stat-
utes like the one before us, Justice Scalia stuck to his view
in Johnson that the phrase "use... of physical force" cap-
tures only " `a category of violent, active crimes.' " 559
U. S., at 140. And it is a view directly at odds with the Court's
decision today.
Finding Castleman a dry hole, the Court prospects Stoke-
ling. Ante, at 431 -- 432. But the Court does so only briefy,
and understandably so. Stokeling held that the phrase
Page Proof Pending Publication
"physical force" in "includes the amount of force nec-
essary to overcome a [robbery] victim's resistance." 586
U. S., at 87. That amount of force, the Court explained, does
not encompass "the merest touching," id., at 83, or simply
"snatching of property from another," id., at 86, but requires
more "physical contact," id., at 83. How any of that helps
the Court today mystifes. Our case does not present a
question about robbery or purse snatching, and nothing in
Stokeling begins to address the question whether a crime of
omission entails the "use... of physical force." More than
that, Stokeling's statements about the degree of force re-
quired to satisfy indicate that something beyond
mere inaction is required.3

3
Later in its opinion, the Court returns to Stokeling and suggests it
means that any force actively but "indirectly" applied to another -- such
as robbing an individual after "slipping a sedative into [his] coffee" -- 
qualifes as the use of violent physical force if it results in some bodily
injury. Ante, at 437. But Stokeling said nothing of the kind. It did not
 Cite as: (2025) 451

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

III
Unable to ground its decision in precedent, the Court re-
treats, at the tail end of its opinion, to an argument about
statutory purpose. Ante, at 435 -- 436. The argument runs
this way. The Court observes that some notable crimes at
common law, including murder and battery, required prose-
cutors to prove only that the defendant, with a particular
mens rea, caused a particular result (e. g., death or bodily
injury), whether by affrmative action or by failing to fulfll
a legal duty that required him to act. Offenses like that are
sometimes called "cause and result" crimes. See 1 La-
Fave & Scott.3, at 283, 293 -- 294. Many contemporary
statutes, the New York murder statute before us among
them, follow this common-law pattern. And, on the Court's
theory, if (3)(A) failed to reach signifcant cause-and-
result crimes like murder and battery simply because they
can be committed by omission as well as by act, the statute
Page Proof Pending Publication
would not adequately serve its purpose of addressing
"crimes of violence." Ante, at 435 -- 436. I am not blind to
the appeal of the argument, but I fnd it unpersuasive for a
couple reasons.

discuss "indirect" applications of force, sedatives -- or coffee. Instead,
that decision addressed a state robbery statute demanding proof, as an
element, that the offender's "physical force" overcame "resistance by the
victim." 586 U. S., at 76. And that
offense, the Court held, falls within the "category of violent, active crimes"
embraced by. Id., at 83. Nor could Stokeling have sensibly said
what the Court now supposes. The truth is that some acts involve the
use of violent physical force and others do not, regardless whether those
acts directly or indirectly cause bodily injury. So, as we have seen, pull-
ing the trigger of a gun involves the indirect application of violent physical
force. Supra, at 448. But that hardly means pulling the trigger of a nerf
gun, using the force of the coiled spring to expel a projectile, does too -- 
even if striking someone with it causes a bodily injury. In any event,
whatever Stokeling did (or did not) say about crimes involving the active
but indirect application of force, it said precisely nothing about crimes of
omission where the defendant does nothing at all.
452 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

A
For one thing, there can be little doubt about what the
argument is: a resort to unexpressed legislative intentions.
Congress, the Court insists, could not possibly have used the
phrase "crime of violence" in (3)(A) without intending
to capture "prototypical" cause-and-result crimes, like mur-
der and battery, long recognized at common law. See ante,
at 436.
We have no business entertaining an argument like that.
In (3)(A), Congress did not ask us to plumb the legis-
lative mind or to do whatever it takes to ensure the statute
reaches certain cause-and-result crimes familiar to the com-
mon law. Instead, Congress told us exactly what qualifes
as a "crime of violence" for purposes of this law: an offense
that has "as an element" the "use, attempted use, or threat-
ened use of physical force." (3)(A). And, as this
Court has often explained, when Congress takes the trouble
Page Proof Pending Publication
to supply an express defnition, we are obliged to treat it
as "virtually conclusive," even -- and perhaps especially -- if it
"varies" from what we might otherwise understand (or wish)
the defnition to be. See Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Rural Housing Service v. Kirtz, (2024); Scalia & Garner 228 ("It is very rare that a defned
meaning can be replaced with another permissible meaning
of the word... ").
The Court offers no persuasive answer to any of this. To
be sure, the Court protests that it merely seeks to give voice
to the "conventional meaning" of the phrase "crime of
violence." Ante, at 438. But the Court's focus on that
phrase in isolation, followed by an insistence that it must
capture common-law cause-and-result crimes like murder
and battery -- all without any serious attention to the express
defnition Congress gave us or so much contextual evidence
about its meaning -- leaves little room for doubt that purpose,
not text, is in the driver's seat today.
 Cite as: (2025) 453

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

In saying that much, I do not mean to suggest courts may
never look to the common law to inform statutory text.
Sometimes, courts properly consider the common law when
interpreting a term of art Congress has adapted from that
"old soil." See, e. g., Sekhar v. United States, (2013). And, yes, we may sometimes resort to the com-
mon law when a statute leaves a gap (say, by failing to supply
a burden of proof or the requisite mens rea). See, e. g., Mor-
issette v. United States, (1952).
The trouble is, we have nothing like that here. Before us
is an express statutory defnition that bears no resemblance
to traditional common-law terms and leaves no gap to fll.
The Court does not claim otherwise. Nor could it, for we
have been down this road before. In Johnson, the govern-
ment asked this Court to draw from common-law liability
principles to inform parallel statutory language in.
The Court refused that request because it threatened to gen-
Page Proof Pending Publication
erate only a "comical misft." 559 U. S., at 145; see also Cas-
tleman, 572 U. S., at 175 (opinion of Scalia, J.) ("expansive
common-law" principles cannot displace the "statutory text"
of ).
The same holds true here. By looking to the common law
today, the Court produces a serious misft. At common law,
an omission could give rise to liability for a cause-and-result
crime only if the defendant had a well-defned legal duty to
act (think of a doctor's duty to his patient, or a father's duty
to his child). See 1 LaFave & Scott.3, at 283. Yet the
Court's reading of (3)(A) renders the presence of a
legal duty irrelevant -- as the Court sees it, knowingly or in-
tentionally causing bodily injury by failing to act is always
a "crime of violence." Ante, at 429. In the name of revis-
ing this statute to better track common-law cause-and-result
crimes, then, the Court (ironically) expands the frontiers of
criminal liability in ways utterly unknown to the common
law.
454 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

Along the way, the Court hands us another misft, too, this
one having to do with our own precedents. In Johnson, the
government asked the Court to read the phrase "physical
force" in a statute addressing "violent felon[ies]" to reach
mere touchings consistent with the common law of battery.
See 559 U. S., at 140. Here, the government goes a step
further, asking us to read the phrase "physical force" in a
statute addressing "felony" "crimes of violence" to embrace
common-law cause-and-result crimes (including battery)
where not even a mere touching is required. How the Court
might reject the frst request and indulge the second poses
quite the puzzle. If there is some way to reconcile today's
decision with Johnson, the Court never explains what it
might be.
B
Not only do we have no business guessing about unex-
pressed legislative intentions. Even were we to play that
Page Proof Pending Publication
game, the Court's intuition that Congress must have wanted
(3)(A) to reach "prototypical" cause-and-result crimes
might well be wrong.
Consider a little more closely the concern the Court asks
us to ascribe to Congress. The Court cannot really suppose
that Congress wanted us to ensure that cause-and-result
crimes committed by omission qualify as "crimes of violence"
under (3)(A). After all, omission offenses would trig-
ger a sentencing enhancement under (1) only in the
most unusual circumstances. Just ask yourself: How would
our spiteful lifeguard "us[e]," "carr[y]," or "posses[s]" a fre-
arm during and in relation to his crime of inaction?
(1)(A).
Really, the Court's argument must rest on a different as-
sumption. It must rest on a view that Congress implicitly
wanted (1)'s sentencing enhancements to apply to
cause-and-effect crimes, like Mr. Delligatti's, where an indi-
vidual uses, carries, or possesses a gun to commit a violent
act that causes bodily injury. Ante, at 435 -- 436. To ensure
 Cite as: (2025) 455

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

that (1) does its intended job of reaching those "proto-
typical" crimes of violence, the Court goes big. It asks us to
accept the (implausible) notion that cause-and-result crimes
resulting in bodily injury always, even when committed by
omission, require the government to prove as an element "the
use... of physical force." (3)(A); ante, at 435 -- 436.
But even if Congress implicitly wanted (1)'s sen-
tencing enhancements to reach cause-and-result crimes that
are committed by act and cause bodily harm, there is no rea-
son to suppose Congress wanted us to mangle (3)(A)
to get the job done. Recall that (1)'s sentencing
enhancements apply to a "crime of violence" as that phrase
is defined ei ther in the elements clause before us
((3)(A)) or in the residual clause ((3)(B)). See
Part I -- C, supra. By its terms, the latter clause "sweeps
more broadly." Davis, 588 U. S., at 467. It does not require an examination of the
Page Proof Pending Publication
elements the government must prove to secure a conviction,
let alone demand that those elements require proof of the
use of physical force. Instead, the residual clause reaches
offenses that, in "ordinary" cases, pose a "risk of physical
injury." Id., at 452 (2)(B)(ii)). And Con-
gress might well have thought the residual clause the more
natural home for cause-and-result crimes like murder and
battery, for even if those offenses do not require the govern-
ment to prove as an element the use of physical force, as
committed those offenses typically involve physical force
(and certainly the risk of it).
Equally, Congress might have had another idea in mind.
Maybe Congress did not mean for (1) to reach all
murder and battery offenses. Maybe Congress wanted
(1) to reach only those murder and battery offenses
that require the government to prove, as an element, the use
of physical force -- or that, by their nature, involve a substan-
tial risk of such force. After all, States write their criminal
laws in different ways. And, doubtless, some states draft
456 DELLIGATTI v. UNITED STATES

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

some murder and battery statutes to focus on the degree of
force a defendant uses, not just the result he brings about.
Maybe Congress homed in on offenses like that, not all mur-
der and battery crimes, because it thought those offenses
especially deserving of additional punishment. See, e. g., 18
U. S. C. (murder involving the torture of a child).
That possibility seems all the more likely because
(1)'s enhancements are not the be-all and end-all of
federal sentencing. Even when (1)'s enhancements
do not apply, sentencing courts enjoy ample tools to ensure
a defendant's punishment fts his crime. And that's nowhere
truer than when it comes to those who commit serious
crimes like murder and battery. In this respect, Mr. Delli-
gatti's case is illustrative. The district court sentenced him
to 25 years in prison -- 20 years for his offenses related to
attempted murder, plus 5 additional years under.
See Judgment in No. 15 -- 491 (SDNY, Aug. 20, 2018), ECF
Page Proof Pending Publication
Doc. 729, p. 3. But even without a enhancement,
the advisory guidelines suggested, and the judge was free to
impose, a sentence of up to 28 years. See Sentencing Sub-
mission for United States, ECF Doc. 712, at 10 -- 14; accord,
App. to Pet. for Cert. 28a. The judge, too, was free to
depart or vary from the recommended guidelines range to
impose an even harsher sentence had she deemed it appro-
priate. See 18 U. S. C..
Nor would recognizing that (3)(A) fails to reach
Mr. Delligatti's offense guarantee him some windfall. Doing
so would leave the district court free, on remand, to impose
exactly the same sentence it did the frst time around, or
maybe even a harsher one yet. See Dean v. United States,
(2017). Nothing about Mr. Delligatti's case
is unique either. With or without a (1) enhancement,
those convicted of serious offenses in our federal criminal
justice system routinely face serious sentences and judges
amply equipped with the means to issue them.
 Cite as: (2025) 457

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

*
In the end, the Court's decision today comes up short on
every count. It neglects (3)(A)'s defnitional terms
and their ordinary meaning. It ignores important contex-
tual clues. It leans heavily on only two, ultimately unhelp-
ful, precedents without addressing others. And it resorts
to conjecture about implicit congressional purposes that is
unconvincing on its own terms. To my mind, none of the
Court's arguments can overcome the hard fact that crimes of
omission do not involve the "use... of physical force against
another." Individuals like our lifeguard who commit of-
fenses by omission may face punishment under many other
criminal laws, but (3)(A) does not reach them. Even
if a reasonable doubt remained about that common-sense
conclusion (I confess I harbor none), the rule of lenity would
require us to reach the same result anyway. See Bittner v.
United States, (2023) (opinion of Gor-
Page Proof Pending Publication
such, J.). For all these reasons, I respectfully dissent.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 456, line 3: "honed" is changed to "homed"
p. 457, line 2 from bottom: "(opinion of Gorsuch, J.)" is inserted after
"(2023)"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 1
Pages 204 -- 222

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 5, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
204 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

BLOM BANK SAL v. HONICKMAN et al.

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the second circuit
No. 23 -- 1259. Argued March 3, 2025 -- Decided June 5, 2025
Plaintiffs, who are victims and families of victims of terrorist attacks car-
ried out by Hamas between 2001 and 2003, sued BLOM Bank SAL under
the Anti-Terrorism Act for allegedly aiding and abetting the attacks
by providing fnancial services to Hamas-affliated customers. BLOM
argued that the complaint failed to state a claim, and plaintiffs repeat-
edly affrmed they would not seek to amend their complaint if it were
dismissed. The District Court dismissed the complaint with prejudice,
fnding that plaintiffs had not adequately alleged that BLOM had the
requisite general awareness for aiding-and-abetting liability. The court
denied leave to amend because plaintiffs had declined several opportuni-
ties to amend and failed to identify additional facts they could allege.
The Second Circuit affrmed the dismissal, fnding that even though the
District Court had applied too stringent a standard for the general
Page Proof Pending Publication
awareness element, plaintiffs' claims still failed under the correct stand-
ard. Following the affrmance, plaintiffs returned to the District Court
and moved under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 60(b)(6) to vacate the
fnal judgment so that they could fle an amended complaint to meet
the Second Circuit's clarifed standard. The District Court denied the
motion, ruling that the Second Circuit's clarifcation did not constitute
the "extraordinary circumstances" required for Rule 60(b)(6) relief, and
that plaintiffs' prior deliberate choices not to amend counseled against
relief. On appeal, the Second Circuit reversed, holding that when a
party seeks Rule 60(b) relief to fle an amended complaint, district
courts must not apply Rule 60(b)(6)'s extraordinary circumstances
standard in isolation but must instead balance Rule 60(b)'s fnality prin-
ciples with Rule 15(a)'s liberal amendment policy.
Held: Relief under Rule 60(b)(6) requires extraordinary circumstances,
and this standard does not become less demanding when the movant
seeks to reopen a case to amend a complaint. A party must frst satisfy
Rule 60(b) before Rule 15(a)'s liberal amendment standard can apply.
Pp. 210 -- 217.
(a) Rule 60(b)(6) is a catchall provision that provides relief from fnal
judgment for "any other reason that justifes relief " beyond the specifc
grounds in Rules 60(b)(1) -- (5). The text and structure of Rule 60(b)
make clear that this catchall provision is available only in narrow cir-
 Cite as: (2025) 205

Syllabus

cumstances. It covers grounds not already covered by the preceding
fve paragraphs, and a broad interpretation would improperly circum-
vent the time limitations of those paragraphs. The Court has consist-
ently held that relief under Rule 60(b)(6) requires "extraordinary cir-
cumstances," as frst established in Klapprott v. United States, and reaffrmed in numerous subsequent decisions. This strict in-
terpretation is essential to preserve the fnality of judgments. See
Gonzalez v. Crosby,. Pp. 210 -- 213.
(b) The Rule 60(b)(6) standard does not change when a party seeks
to reopen a case to amend a complaint. In that circumstance, satisfac-
tion of Rule 60(b)(6) necessarily precedes any application of Rule 15(a).
Cf. Waetzig v. Halliburton Energy Services, Inc.,.
Rules 60(b) and 15(a) apply at different stages of litigation and require
separate inquiries. Rule 15(a)(2)'s direction that courts "should freely
give leave when justice so requires" governs pretrial amendments, but
does not apply when a case is closed following fnal judgment. A party
seeking Rule 60(b)(6) relief must demonstrate extraordinary circum-
stances regardless of what they intend to do if the case is reopened.
The Second Circuit's "balancing" approach is not consonant with Rule
60(b)(6) and this Court's precedents because it improperly dilutes Rule
60(b)(6)'s stringent standard. Pp. 213 -- 214.
Page Proof Pending Publication
(c) Plaintiffs' arguments that the Second Circuit's approach is conso-
nant both with Rule 60(b)(6) and with this Court's precedents are unper-
suasive. Balancing the strict standards of Rule 60(b)(6) against the
more relaxed standards of Rule 15 necessarily weakens the former, and
is thus incompatible with this Court's long line of precedents holding
that Rule 60(b)(6) "should only be applied in `extraordinary circum-
stances.' " Liljeberg v. Health Services Acquisition Corp.,. Foman v. Davis, does not suggest otherwise.
Foman dealt with Rule 59(e), which does not threaten the fnality of
judgments to the same degree that Rule 60(b)(6) does. Thus, a Rule
59(e) movant is not required to show the same "extraordinary circum-
stances" to receive relief. See id., at 181 -- 182. Pp. 215 -- 216.
(d) The Second Circuit's disposition of this case was incorrect. District
courts' Rule 60(b) rulings are reviewed "only for abuse of discretion."
Browder v. Director, Dept. of Corrections of Ill.,.
The District Court's determination that plaintiffs failed to demonstrate
any extraordinary circumstances warranting relief under Rule 60(b)(6)
both applied the correct legal standard and provided "substantial justi-
fcation" for its conclusion. Cooter & Gell v. Hartmarx Corp.,. The District Court's justifcations for its decision align with
established Rule 60(b) doctrine that intervening legal develop-
ments rarely constitute extraordinary circumstances and that ex-
206 BLOM BANK SAL v. HONICKMAN

Opinion of the Court

traordinary circumstances must suggest the movant is faultless in the
delay. Pp. 216 -- 217.
Reversed and remanded.

Thomas, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
and Alito, Sotomayor, Kagan, Gorsuch, Kavanaugh, and Barrett,
JJ., joined, and in which Jackson, J., joined as to all but Part III. Jack-
son, J., fled an opinion concurring in part and concurring in the judgment,
post, p. 217.

Michael H. McGinley argued the cause for petitioner.
With him on the briefs were Steven A. Engel, Tamer Mallat,
Brian A. Kulp, and Christopher J. Merken.
Michael Radine argued the cause for respondents. With
him on the brief were Gary M. Osen, Ari Ungar, and Dina
Gielchinsky.
Justice Thomas delivered the opinion of the Court.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 60(b) permits a district
Page Proof
court to grant Pending
relief rom Publication
a fnal judgment in limited circum-
stances. The Rule includes fve provisions setting out spe-
cifc grounds upon which parties may seek such relief. See
Fed. Rules Civ. Proc. 60(b)(1) -- (5). It also includes a catchall
provision that allows a district court to relieve a party from
a fnal judgment for "any other reason that justifes relief."
Fed. Rule Civ. Proc. 60(b)(6). We have consistently held
that only "extraordinary circumstances" can justify relief
under the Rule 60(b)(6) catchall. The question presented is
whether this rigorous standard applies when a Rule 60(b)(6)
movant seeks to reopen a case for the purpose of fling an
amended complaint. We hold that it does.

I
A
Plaintiffs (respondents here) are victims and the families
of victims of terrorist attacks carried out by Hamas between
December 2001 and August 2003. On January 1, 2019, plain-
 Cite as: (2025) 207

Opinion of the Court

tiffs sued petitioner BLOM Bank SAL (BLOM), an interna-
tional bank, under the Anti-Terrorism Act, as amended by
the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act (JASTA), 18
U. S. C.. They alleged that BLOM aided and abet-
ted Hamas's commission of the terrorist attacks by providing
fnancial services to customers who were allegedly affliated
with Hamas and who had helped further Hamas's goals.
In the District Court, BLOM repeatedly argued that the
facts alleged in plaintiffs' complaint were insuffcient to state
a claim of aiding and abetting under JASTA. Before moving
to dismiss the complaint, BLOM made this argument to the
District Court in a required premotion letter. See 1 App.
142 -- 147. Plaintiffs responded that they would stand on
their allegations as pleaded. See id., at 148 -- 155. At a sub-
sequent, premotion conference, plaintiffs' counsel reaffrmed
their clients' position, telling the District Court that they
were "prepared to brief [their opposition to a motion to dis-
Page Proof Pending Publication
miss] based on the arguments presented in the pre-motion
letter," and that they "would not seek leave to amend" if
the court dismissed their complaint. App. to Pet. for Cert.
93 -- 94.
BLOM moved to dismiss under Federal Rule of Civil Pro-
cedure 12(b)(6). At a hearing on the motion, the District
Court reminded plaintiffs' counsel that they had not re-
quested an opportunity to replead and specifcally asked
whether this meant that the complaint contained everything
the court would "need to consider in terms of suffciency of
[plaintiffs'] pleading." Id., at 124. Plaintiffs' counsel con-
frmed that they did not intend to add any additional facts.
Id., at 125.
The District Court dismissed the complaint with prejudice
and so denied leave to amend. The court held, as relevant
here, that plaintiffs had not "plausibly allege[d] the general
awareness... elemen[t] necessary to plead JASTA aiding-
and-abetting liability." 432 F. Supp. 3d 253, 257 (EDNY
2020). In the District Court's view, "it [was] not enough for
208 BLOM BANK SAL v. HONICKMAN

Opinion of the Court

Plaintiffs to plausibl[y] allege that BLOM was generally
aware of [its] role in terrorist activities, from which terrorist
attacks were a natural and foreseeable consequence." Id.,
at 264. Rather, plain-
tiffs needed to "plausibly alleg[e] that, by providing fnancial
services to [specifc customers], BLOM generally assumed a
role in Hamas' violent or life-endangering activities," and
plaintiffs had failed to do so. Id., at 265. And, the court
explained, leave to amend was unwarranted because "Plain-
tiffs... d[id] not request leave to amend"; "specifcally de-
clined the Court's offer to do so at the pre-motion confer-
ence"; and further failed to "identif[y] any additional facts
they could allege which would address the defciencies in
their complaint." Id., at 270 -- 271. The District Court thus
made an exception to its usual practice of "grant[ing] plain-
tiffs an opportunity to amend their complaints following dis-
missal." Id., at 270.
Plaintiffs appealed to the Second Circuit, arguing that
Page Proof Pending Publication
they had pleaded facts suffcient to support their aiding-and-
abetting claim.* The Second Circuit concluded that the Dis-
trict Court had misinterpreted the general-awareness ele-
ment to impose an unduly high foreseeability requirement.
6 F. 4th 487, 497 -- 498 (2021). But, even applying its less ex-
acting standard, the Second Circuit determined that the
facts alleged in the complaint "d[id] not plausibly support an
inference that [BLOM] had the requisite general awareness
at the time that it provided banking services" to the custom-
ers allegedly affliated with Hamas. Id., at 501. The court
thus affrmed the District Court's judgment of dismissal.
Id., at 503.
B
Plaintiffs returned to the District Court, and moved under
Rule 60(b)(6) to vacate the court's then-affrmed fnal judg-

*Plaintiffs did not appeal the "with prejudice" aspect of the District
Court's dismissal.
 Cite as: (2025) 209

Opinion of the Court

ment so that they could fle an amended complaint. They
argued that the District Court should give them an opportu-
nity to meet the standard outlined by the Second Circuit.
2022 WL 1062315, *3 (EDNY, Apr. 8, 2022).
The District Court denied their request. Specifcally, it
rejected plaintiffs' contention that "the Second Circuit's clar-
ifcation of the aiding-and-abetting standard" constituted
" `extraordinary circumstances' " suffcient to justify relief
under Rule 60(b)(6). Ibid. That argument, according to
the District Court, ignores the principle that " `a mere
change in decisional law does not constitute an "extraordi-
nary circumstance." ' " Ibid. In any event, the District
Court continued, any amendment would likely be futile be-
cause it was "not clear" that plaintiffs could succeed "[e]ven
under the clarifed standard" laid out by the Second Circuit.
Ibid.,.
The District Court added that plaintiffs' litigation choices
Page Proof Pending Publication
further counseled against relief under Rule 60(b)(6). The
court explained that plaintiffs "had ample opportunity to
pursue all legal avenues available to them for relief," and
sought postjudgment amendment despite having "declin[ed]
two prior opportunities" to amend their complaint in the
ordinary course, and "after unsuccessfully appealing the
dismissal of that complaint with prejudice." Id., at *3. The
District Court declined to overlook "Plaintiffs' documented
series of deliberate choices not to cure the defciencies identi-
fed in their pleading." Id., at *4.
On appeal, the Second Circuit again disagreed with the
District Court. It acknowledged that "[a] plaintiff is ordi-
narily entitled to Rule 60(b)(6) relief " only under " `extraor-
dinary circumstances.' " 2024 WL 852265, *2 (Feb. 29, 2024).
But, it asserted, when a party seeks vacatur under Rule
60(b) " `to obtain leave to fle an amended complaint, special
considerations come into play.' " Ibid. In that circum-
stance, the court held, "the district court must give `due re-
gard' to `both [Rule 60(b)'s] philosophy favoring fnality of
210 BLOM BANK SAL v. HONICKMAN

Opinion of the Court

judgments... and the liberal amendment policy of Rule
15(a),' " ibid., which requires courts to "freely give leave" to
amend pleadings before trial "when justice so requires," Fed.
Rule Civ. Proc. 15(a)(2). In other words, courts must "bal-
ance" the competing standards by "consider[ing] Rule 60(b)
fnality and Rule 15(a) liberality in tandem." 2024 WL
852265, *2. The Second Circuit held that the District Court
had abused its discretion by "incorrectly treat[ing] Plaintiffs'
motion to vacate and amend as calling for two distinct analy-
ses, requiring Plaintiffs to successfully navigate Rule 60(b)'s
fnality gauntlet before they could invoke Rule 15(a)'s lib-
eral repleading policy." Ibid. We granted certiorari. (2024).
II
Relief under Rule 60(b)(6) requires extraordinary circum-
stances. That standard does not become less demanding
when a Rule 60(b)(6) movant also hopes to amend his com-
Page Proof Pending Publication
plaint. Rather, a party seeking to reopen his case and re-
plead must frst satisfy Rule 60(b) on its own terms and ob-
tain Rule 60(b) relief before Rule 15(a)'s liberal amendment
standard can apply. Because the Second Circuit's balancing
approach confates this order of operations and dilutes Rule
60(b)(6)'s well-established standard, we must reject it.

A
Rule 60(b) allows a party to seek relief from fnal judgment
and reopen a case based on mistake or excusable neglect,
newly discovered evidence, fraud, or the void or prospec-
tively inequitable status of a judgment. See Rules 60(b)(1) -- 
(5). Rule 60(b) also includes a "catchall" provision -- Rule
60(b)(6) -- that allows a district court to reopen a case for
" `any other reason that justifes relief.' " Kemp v. United
States, (2022). A party seeking relief
based on the grounds covered by paragraphs (1) through
(3) -- i. e., mistake or excusable neglect, new evidence, or
fraud -- faces a 1-year limitations period. See Fed. Rule Civ.
 Cite as: (2025) 211

Opinion of the Court

Proc. 60(c)(1). That time bar, however, does not apply to
motions for relief fled under Rule 60(b)'s other paragraphs,
including Rule 60(b)(6). Ibid.
The text and structure of Rule 60 make clear that relief
under Rule 60(b)(6) is available only in narrow circum-
stances. Rule 60(b)(6) is a catchall that follows paragraphs
(1) through (5). It covers "any other reason" that justifes
relief; that is, Rule 60(b)(6) provides only grounds for relief
not already covered by the preceding fve paragraphs.
Were it otherwise, the catchall provision could swallow the
preceding paragraphs and "b[e] used to circumvent" their
time bars. Liljeberg v. Health Services Acquisition Corp., (1988). Such a broad interpretation
of Rule 60(b)(6) would thus violate a "cardinal principle of
statutory construction" by making the preceding paragraphs
and their limitations periods "superfuous." Duncan v.
Walker, (2001) (internal quotation marks
Page Proof Pending Publication
omitted); see also Fischer v. United States, 
(2024) (avoiding an "unbounded interpretation" of catchall
provision that would "render superfuous" a "reticulated list"
of provisions). Thus, we have repeatedly held that relief
under Rule 60(b)(6) is available "only when Rules 60(b)(1)
through (b)(5) are inapplicable." Kemp, 596 U. S., at 533.
But, "[e]ven then, ` "extraordinary circumstances" ' must
justify reopening." Kemp, 596 U. S., at 533. The Court
identifed such circumstances for the frst time in Klapprott
v. United States, (1949), decided shortly after
Rule 60(b)(6)'s adoption. There, the petitioner sought to set
aside a default judgment entered in denaturalization pro-
ceedings. See id., at 603 (opinion of Black, J.). His "allega-
tions set up an extraordinary situation": The petitioner was
"in jail..., weakened from illness, without a lawyer in the
denaturalization proceedings or funds to hire one," and "dis-
turbed and fully occupied in efforts to protect himself against
the gravest criminal charges" in separate proceedings. Id.,
212 BLOM BANK SAL v. HONICKMAN

Opinion of the Court

at 613 -- 614. He was therefore "no more able to defend him-
self " in the denaturalization proceedings "than he would
have been had he never received notice of the charges." Id.,
at 614. On these facts, the Court found that relief under
Rule 60(b)(6) was justifed. Id., at 614 -- 616.
The Court underscored the stringency of the "extraordi-
nary circumstances" test a year later in Ackermann v.
United States, (1950). The petitioner there
had suffered an adverse denaturalization judgment and de-
clined to appeal. Id., at 195. Four years later, he sought
to vacate the judgment under Rule 60(b)(6), alleging that it
was erroneous, and that he had declined to appeal due to
expense and the advice of a third party. Id., at 195 -- 197.
The Court held these circumstances insuffcient to satisfy
Rule 60(b)(6)'s strict standard. Id., at 197. Compared to
the situation in Klapprott, the Ackermann petitioner's alle-
gations highlighted "the difference between no choice and
Page Proof Pending Publication
choice; imprisonment and freedom of action; no trial and
trial; no counsel and counsel; no chance for negligence and
inexcusable negligence." 340 U. S., at 202. The Court em-
phasized the importance of a Rule 60(b)(6) movant's fault-
lessness, explaining that "[t]here must be an end to litigation
someday, and free, calculated, deliberate choices are not to
be relieved from." Id., at 198; see also, e. g., 12 J. Moore, D.
Coquillette, G. Joseph, G. Vairo, & C. Varner, Moore's Federal
Practice.48[b], p. 60 -- 188 (3d ed. 2024) ("In a vast ma-
jority of the cases fnding that extraordinary circumstances
do exist..., the movant is completely without fault for his
or her predicament").
Our more recent cases have consistently reaffrmed that
Rule 60(b)(6) "should only be applied in `extraordinary cir-
cumstances.' " Liljeberg, 486 U. S., at 864; see Kemp, 596
U. S., at 533; Tharpe v. Sellers, (2018) (per
curiam); Buck v. Davis, (2017); Christeson
v. Roper, (2015) (per curiam); Pioneer In-
vestment Services Co. v. Brunswick Associates L. P., 507
 Cite as: (2025) 213

Opinion of the Court

U. S. 380, 393 (1993). " `This very strict interpretation of
Rule 60(b) is essential if the fnality of judgments is to
be preserved.' " Gonzalez v. Crosby, 
(2005) ).
B
The Rule 60(b)(6) standard does not change when a party
seeks to reopen his case to amend his complaint. In that
circumstance, satisfaction of Rule 60(b)(6) necessarily pre-
cedes any application of Rule 15(a). Cf. Waetzig v. Hallibur-
ton Energy Services, Inc., (2025) (explain-
ing that motion to vacate under Rule 60(b) "must be
addressed before any subsequent jurisdictional questions
[are] considered"). Rule 15(a)'s liberal amendment policy
therefore cannot weaken Rule 60(b)(6)'s "extraordinary cir-
cumstances" standard.
Rules 60(b) and 15(a) apply at different stages of litigation
Page Proof Pending Publication
and demand separate inquiries. Rule 15(a) governs pre-
trial amendments, and sets forth a standard under which
courts "should freely give leave when justice so requires."
Rule 15(a)(2). The Rule's "purpose is to provide maxi-
mum opportunity for each claim to be decided on its merits
rather than on procedural technicalities." 6 C. Wright, A.
Miller, & M. Kane, Federal Practice and Procedure,
p. 587 (3d ed. 2010) (Wright & Miller). That standard, how-
ever, does not govern when, following a fnal judgment, the
case is closed and there is no pending pleading to amend.
Accord, e. g., Boyd v. Secretary, Dept. of Corrections, 114
F. 4th 1232, 1237 (CA11 2024) ("[O]nce the court has entered
fnal judgment, Rule 15(a) no longer applies and no amend-
ment is possible unless the judgment is frst set aside"). A
contrary approach "would enable the liberal amendment pol-
icy of Rule 15(a) to be employed in a way that is contrary to
the philosophy favoring fnality of judgments and the expedi-
tious termination of litigation." 6 Wright & Miller,
at 816.
214 BLOM BANK SAL v. HONICKMAN

Opinion of the Court

Thus, we disagree with the Second Circuit's holding that
the District Court should have used a hybrid standard to
"consider Rule 60(b) fnality and Rule 15(a) liberality in tan-
dem." 2024 WL 852265, *2. It is Rule 60(b)'s standard -- 
and only Rule 60(b)'s standard -- that applies when a party
seeks relief from fnal judgment. A party seeking Rule
60(b)(6) relief must always demonstrate "extraordinary cir-
cumstances" justifying relief, see Kemp, 596 U. S., at 533 (in-
ternal quotation marks omitted); what he intends to do if his
case is reopened does not alter that standard, see supra, at
211, 213; cf., e. g., In re Ferro Corp. Derivative Litigation,
511 F. 3d 611, 624 (CA6 2008) ("Plaintiffs must frst meet the
threshold requirement of 60(b)(6)'s extraordinary or excep-
tional circumstances to vacate the judgment before seeking
to conduct discovery"). In other words, the District Court
was correct to "trea[t] Plaintiffs' motion to vacate and amend
as calling for two distinct analyses," with the question of
Page Proof Pending Publication
vacatur under Rule 60(b)(6) preceding that of repleading
under Rule 15(a). 2024 WL 852265, *2; accord, e. g., Daulat-
zai v. Maryland, 97 F. 4th 166, 179 (CA4 2024) ("[W]hen the
motion to vacate is fled under Rule 60(b), the more restric-
tive standard for granting that motion must be satisfed be-
fore consideration can be given to the motion to amend").
None of our analysis, however, should be taken to suggest
that a district court contravenes Rule 60(b) merely by con-
sidering a movant's desire to amend his complaint. For ex-
ample, where a party seeks vacatur in order to amend its
pleadings, a district court is free to cite Rule 15 and acknowl-
edge amendment-related considerations, such as whether a
movant has had the opportunity to amend, and the amend-
ment standard that the party will eventually have to meet if
the Rule 60(b) motion is granted. What a district court may
not do is what the Second Circuit demanded here: dilute Rule
60(b)(6)'s stringent standard by "balanc[ing]" it with "Rule
15(a)'s liberal pleading principles." 2024 WL 852265, *2.
 Cite as: (2025) 215

Opinion of the Court

C
Plaintiffs insist that the Second Circuit's approach is conso-
nant with Rule 60(b)(6) and our precedents interpreting that
provision, but their arguments are unpersuasive.
Balancing the strict standards of Rule 60(b)(6) against the
more relaxed standards of Rule 15 necessarily weakens the
former, and is thus incompatible with our long line of prece-
dents holding that Rule 60(b)(6) "should only be applied in
`extraordinary circumstances.' " Liljeberg, 486 U. S., at 864;
accord, 6 Wright & Miller, at 816. Even the Second
Circuit appeared to acknowledge that its test departed from
the "ordinar[y]" approach to Rule 60(b)(6) under which a
plaintiff may receive relief only by demonstrating " `extraor-
dinary circumstances' " and showing that " `the asserted
grounds for relief are not recognized in clauses (1) -- (5) of the
Rule.' " 2024 WL 852265, *2.
Nor does this Court's decision in Foman v. Davis, 371 U. S.
Page Proof Pending Publication
178 (1962), help plaintiffs. The Foman Court held that the
District Court's denial of the petitioner's motions to vacate
the court's judgment and amend her complaint rested on
"technicalities" that ran contrary to "the spirit of the Fed-
eral Rules of Civil Procedure." Id., at 181 -- 182. But,
Foman dealt with Rule 59(e), not Rule 60(b), id., at 181, and
"Rule 60(b) differs from Rule 59(e) in just about every way
that matters to the inquiry here," Banister v. Davis, (2020). Most relevant, a Rule 60(b) motion
"threaten[s] an already fnal judgment with successive litiga-
tion," id., at 519, and a motion under Rule 60(b)(6) in particu-
lar may threaten fnal judgments years after they are en-
tered. See Rule 60(c)(1). In contrast, "[t]he fling of a Rule
59(e) motion within the 28-day period `suspends the fnality
of the original judgment,' " and "[o]nly the disposition of that
motion `restores th[e] fnality' of the original judgment."
Banister, 590 U. S., at 508. Because Rule 59(e) does not
threaten the fnality of judgments to the same degree that
216 BLOM BANK SAL v. HONICKMAN

Opinion of the Court

Rule 60(b)(6) does, we do not require a movant to show the
same "extraordinary circumstances" to receive relief. See
Foman, 371 U. S., at 181 -- 182.

III
We also disagree with the Second Circuit's disposition of
this case. District courts' Rule 60(b) rulings are reviewed
"only for abuse of discretion." Browder v. Director, Dept.
of Corrections of Ill., (1978). That
standard is "limited and deferential." Gonzalez, 545 U. S.,
at 535. To be upheld, a district court's decision need only
" `appl[y] the correct legal standard and offe[r] substantial
justifcation' " for its conclusion. Cooter & Gell v. Hartmarx
Corp., (1990). The District Court's deter-
mination that plaintiffs failed to "demonstrat[e] any extraor-
dinary circumstances warranting relief under Rule 60(b)(6),"
2022 WL 1062315, *3, easily clears that bar.
Page Proof Pending Publication
For the reasons we have explained, the District Court was
correct to "evaluat[e] Plaintiffs' motion under only Rule
60(b)'s standard." 2024 WL 852265, *2; see supra, at 211 -- 
214. And, the District Court offered persuasive justifca-
tions for fnding that standard unsatisfed -- that the Second
Circuit's clarifcation of the test for aiding-and-abetting lia-
bility did not "constitute extraordinary circumstances," par-
ticularly when plaintiffs were unlikely to succeed under that
standard, and that plaintiffs' "series of deliberate choices not
to cure the defciencies identifed in their pleading" also cut
against them. 2022 WL 1062315, *3 -- *4, and ; see supra,
at 209. Those justifcations follow from core tenets of Rule
60(b) doctrine. See, e. g., Agostini v. Felton, (1997) ("Intervening developments in the law by them-
selves rarely constitute the extraordinary circumstances re-
quired for relief under Rule 60(b)(6)"); Pioneer Investment
Services, 507 U. S., at 393 (" `extraordinary circumstances' "
must suggest that the movant is "faultless in the delay").
 Cite as: (2025) 217

Opinion of Jackson, J.

The District Court's decision therefore fell within the
" `wide range of choice' " afforded under the abuse-of-
discretion standard. McLane Co. v. EEOC, 
(2017). The Second Circuit erred in holding otherwise.

* * *
The judgment of the Second Circuit is reversed, and the
case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.
Justice Jackson, concurring in part and concurring in
the judgment.
I join all but Part III of the Court's opinion. I agree with
the Court's conclusion that, when a district court considers
"a movant's desire to amend his complaint" in the context of
a motion to reopen a case under Federal Rule of Civil Proce-
Page Proof Pending Publication
dure 60(b)(6), the Rule 60(b)(6) standard, rather than the
Rule 15(a) standard, applies. Ante, at 214. Given the def-
erence owed to lower courts with respect to Rule 60(b)(6)
determinations, I also agree that the District Court did not
abuse its discretion in denying reopening here. Ante, at
216 -- 217.
I write separately to emphasize that our affrmance of the
District Court's denial of reopening in this case does not re-
quire accepting all aspects of the District Court's reasoning.
In particular, I think the District Court was wrong to fault
plaintiffs for making a "deliberate choic[e]" to appeal the dis-
missal of their complaint in lieu of accepting various pre-
dismissal opportunities to cure purported pleading def-
ciencies. 2022 WL 1062315, *4 (EDNY, Apr. 8, 2022). The
District Court based that aspect of its reopening determina-
tion on our opinion in Ackermann v. United States, (1950). But, as I explain below, the "choice" that plain-
tiffs made -- declining to amend -- does not categorically pre-
clude Rule 60(b)(6) relief under that precedent.
218 BLOM BANK SAL v. HONICKMAN

Opinion of Jackson, J.

I
Rule 60(b) permits district courts to reopen cases after the
entry of a fnal judgment "under a limited set of circum-
stances including fraud, mistake, and newly discovered evi-
dence." Gonzalez v. Crosby, (2005). This
Rule " `attempts to strike a proper balance between the con-
ficting principles that litigation must be brought to an end
and that justice should be done.' " Waetzig v. Halliburton
Energy Services, Inc., (2025) ).
The sixth paragraph of Rule 60(b) is the provision at issue
here; it is a "catchall" that permits reopening for reasons not
covered in the Rule's preceding fve paragraphs. Kemp v.
United States, (2022). The opening para-
graphs of subsection (b) specifcally enumerate various bases
for relief: mistake, newly discovered evidence, fraud, and the
Page Proof Pending Publication
voiding or satisfaction of a judgment. Fed. Rules Civ. Proc.
60(b)(1) -- (5). Then, under paragraph (6), a court may, "[o]n
motion and just terms," reopen a judgment, order, or pro-
ceeding for "any other reason that justifes relief," Rule
60(b)(6), provided that the motion is fled "within a reason-
able time," Rule 60(c)(1).
Because of the "mutually exclusive" nature of Rule 60(b)'s
provisions, Pioneer Investment Services Co. v. Brunswick
Associates L. P., (1993), this Court has long
held that "relief under Rule 60(b)(6) is available only in narrow
circumstances," ante, at 211. We have thus required Rule
60(b)(6) movants to demonstrate that " ` "extraordinary cir-
cumstances" ' " justify reopening the case. Kemp, 596 U. S.,
at 533. In this Court's frst case applying Rule 60(b)(6), we
concluded that reopening was warranted where a movant al-
leged "an extraordinary situation" -- namely, that he had been
stripped of his citizenship by default judgment while he was,
among other things, incarcerated and in ill health. Klap-
prott v. United States, -- 614 (1949) (opinion
 Cite as: (2025) 219

Opinion of Jackson, J.

of Black, J.). The Court considered a similar Rule 60(b)(6)
request for reopening in the context of a denaturalization
proceeding one year later in Ackermann -- and reached a dif-
ferent outcome: We upheld the denial of the Rule 60(b)(6)
motion, expressly distinguishing Klapprott. 340 U. S., at
199 -- 200. Critically, the movant in Ackermann had sought
reopening only after "ma[king] a considered choice not to
appeal" the adverse judgment. Id., at 198. Given the need
for "an end to litigation someday," we explained that a mov-
ant "cannot be relieved of such a choice because hindsight
seems to indicate to him that his decision not to appeal was
probably wrong." Ibid.
Under this line of precedent, the Court has concluded that
"due diligence" by the movant is a prerequisite to obtaining
Rule 60(b)(6) relief. Liljeberg v. Health Services Acquisi-
tion Corp., (1988). For that reason,
we have consistently found reopening inappropriate where,
as in Ackermann, a movant deliberately terminated the un-
Page Proof Pending Publication
derlying litigation. A decade after Ackermann, for exam-
ple, we held that a Rule 60(b)(6) movant who had "aban-
doned" his appeal from a denaturalization judgment due to
its perceived "small likelihood of... success" was not enti-
tled to reopening under Rule 60(b)(6) where he could not
otherwise demonstrate extraordinary circumstances. Po-
lites v. United States, -- 433 (1960). More
recently, we found reopening inappropriate when a movant
had "abandoned any attempt to seek review of " the decision
in question. Gonzalez, 545 U. S., at 537; cf. Pioneer Invest-
ment Services, 507 U. S., at 393 (explaining that, to obtain
Rule 60(b)(6) relief more than one year after the entry of a
fnal judgment, a party must be "faultless in the delay").

II
A
Relying on Ackermann, the District Court below sug-
gested that plaintiffs could not demonstrate extraordinary
220 BLOM BANK SAL v. HONICKMAN

Opinion of Jackson, J.

circumstances because they had made a "documented series
of deliberate choices not to cure the defciencies identifed in
their pleading." 2022 WL 1062315, *4. The District Court thus faulted plaintiffs
for believing that their complaint alleged suffcient facts and
declining to amend it; they opted instead to seek clarifcation
from the appeals court regarding the suffciency of their
pleading. See 2022 WL 1062315, *3 ("Fundamentally, Plain-
tiffs seek to amend their complaint after declining two prior
opportunities to do so, and after unsuccessfully appealing the
dismissal of that complaint with prejudice").
In my view, the District Court should not have assumed
that Ackermann's lack-of-due-diligence principle applies
under these circumstances. Plaintiffs did not "abando[n]"
this litigation. Gonzalez, 545 U. S., at 537; Polites, 364 U. S.,
at 433. Instead, they diligently pursued their " `statutory
right' " to appeal on the grounds that, in their view, the Dis-
Page Proof Pending Publication
trict Court had mistakenly concluded their complaint was
insuffcient. Waetzig, 604 U. S., at 314.
To be sure, the courts below did ultimately fnd that the
factual allegations in plaintiffs' complaint were defcient.
But that just means that plaintiffs were overconfdent about
the strength of their pleading and their prospect of success
on appeal. A misstep of this nature is not abandonment -- 
far from it -- and the fact that a plaintiff opts to appeal does
not alone preclude Rule 60(b)(6) relief, provided that he can
otherwise demonstrate extraordinary circumstances and has
not exhibited "neglect or lack of due diligence." Liljeberg,
486 U. S., at 863, ; cf. Buck v. Davis, -- 
126 (2017) (holding that the use of race-based considerations
at sentencing in a capital case was an extraordinary circum-
stance warranting reopening even though the movant's coun-
sel had introduced the evidence in question).
The bottom line, jurisprudentially, is that courts should
refrain from refexively denying reopening for amendment
purposes when a Rule 60(b)(6) movant's only purported
 Cite as: (2025) 221

Opinion of Jackson, J.

"fault" was a prior decision not to amend the complaint.
See S. Dodson, Rethinking Extraordinary Circumstances,
106 Nw. U. L. Rev. 377, 386 (2012) (arguing that Ackermann
should preclude reopening only with respect to "those mov-
ants who deliberately stop pursuing their claims").

B
A plaintiff may have good reasons for seeking clarifcation
from the appeals court before taking the signifcant step of
amending his pleading. In this case, for example, plaintiffs
allege that BLOM Bank SAL "aided and abetted Hamas's
commission of " certain "terrorist attacks by providing f-
nancial services to customers who were allegedly affliated
with Hamas and who had helped further Hamas's goals."
Ante, at 207. These are serious allegations. One would
reasonably expect plaintiffs to exercise great caution before
making additional factual assertions that further link BLOM
Page Proof Pending Publication
to alleged terrorist activities. See Fed. Rules Civ. Proc.
11(b) -- (c).
Moreover, and importantly, denying reopening after ap-
peal merely because the plaintiff previously declined to
amend the complaint risks undermining the " `statutory
right' to take an appeal from any `fnal decision' " of a district
court. Waetzig, 604 U. S., at 314. If a plaintiff is necessar-
ily at fault for Rule 60(b)(6) purposes just because he exer-
cised his right to appeal, then plaintiffs will be disincentiv-
ized to go to the courts of appeals even when they reasonably
believe the allegations in their pleadings are suffcient.
That outcome not only divests them of their right to appel-
late review, but could also leave important legal questions
regarding pleading suffciency unanswered.
It is particularly inappropriate to deny Rule 60(b)(6) re-
opening based on a prior refusal to amend where a clear,
intervening change in the law supplies the necessary "ex-
traordinary circumstances." Cf. Kemp, 596 U. S., at 540
(Sotomayor, J., concurring) (detailing this Court's "settled
222 BLOM BANK SAL v. HONICKMAN

Opinion of Jackson, J.

precedents" recognizing "the availability of Rule 60(b)(6) to
reopen a judgment in extraordinary circumstances, including
a change in controlling law"). To treat the plaintiff's prior
refusals to amend as dispositive in such a situation would be
manifestly inconsistent with "the preference expressed in
the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure in general... for re-
solving disputes on their merits." Krupski v. Costa Cro-
ciere S. p. A., (2010).

* * *
This Court reviews the denial of a Rule 60(b) motion only
for an abuse of discretion, and does not opine here, in the
frst instance, as to whether these plaintiffs have demon-
strated extraordinary circumstances. Ante, at 216. The
District Court's primary justifcation for denying plaintiffs'
motion to reopen was that the Second Circuit's "clarifcation"
of the applicable legal standard did not qualify as an extraor-
dinary circumstance, particularly when plaintiffs were un-
Page Proof Pending Publication
likely to prevail "[e]ven under the clarifed standard." 2022
WL 1062315, *3, and. I concur in today's judgment be-
cause I agree that the District Court did not abuse its discre-
tion with respect to denying Rule 60(b)(6) relief on that
basis. But I fnd the District Court's alternative ground for
denying reopening -- that plaintiffs were at fault because
they declined prior opportunities to amend their complaint -- 
neither "persuasive" nor consistent with "core tenets of Rule
60(b) doctrine." Ante, at 216. Assuming extraordinary cir-
cumstances otherwise exist, a plaintiff should not be faulted
under Rule 60(b)(6) for reasonably having chosen to appeal
rather than amend his complaint.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 2
Pages 360 -- 375

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 12, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
360 OCTOBER TERM, 2024

Syllabus

SOTO, individually and on behalf of all others
similarly situated v. UNITED STATES
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the federal circuit
No. 24 -- 320. Argued April 28, 2025 -- Decided June 12, 2025
The Barring Act, 31 U. S. C., establishes default settlement proce-
dures for claims against the Government and subjects most claims to a
6-year limitations period. However, the Act includes an exception: If
"another law" confers authority to settle a claim against the Govern-
ment, that law displaces the Barring Act's settlement mechanism, in-
cluding its limitations period.. In 2002, Congress enacted a
statute providing "combat-related special compensation" (CRSC) to
qualifying veterans who have suffered combat-related disabilities. 10
U. S. C.. Under federal law, retired veterans generally must
waive a portion of their military retirement pay to receive Veterans
Affairs (VA) disability benefts, but the CRSC statute allows combat-
disabled retirees to receive special compensation up to the amount of
Page Proof Pending Publication
waived retired pay.
Petitioner Simon Soto served in the Marine Corps from 2000 to 2006,
including two tours in Operation Iraqi Freedom. He was medically re-
tired in 2006 and later received a 100-percent disability rating for post-
traumatic stress disorder from the VA. In 2016, Soto applied for CRSC
payments. The Secretary of the Navy approved his application but lim-
ited retroactive compensation to six years, citing the Barring Act's limi-
tations period. Soto fled a class-action lawsuit arguing that the Bar-
ring Act's 6-year limitations period does not apply to CRSC claims
because the CRSC statute constitutes "another law" that provides its
own settlement mechanism. The District Court granted summary
judgment for the class, but the Federal Circuit reversed, holding that
the CRSC statute does not explicitly grant settlement authority and
therefore cannot displace the Barring Act.
Held: The CRSC statute confers authority to settle CRSC claims and thus
displaces the Barring Act's settlement procedures and limitations pe-
riod. Pp. 367 -- 375.
(a) The term "settle" in the Government-claims context refers to de-
termining the validity of a claim and the amount of money a claimant is
due. See Illinois Surety Co. v. United States ex rel. Peeler, -- 220. A statute confers settlement authority so long as it vests
an entity with these powers. While the most straightforward way to
 Cite as: (2025) 361

Syllabus

confer settlement authority may be to use the term "settle," Congress
need not " `use magic words.' " Department of Agriculture Rural De-
velopment Rural Housing Service v. Kirtz, -- 49. To de-
termine whether a statute constitutes "another law" that displaces the
Barring Act's settlement procedures, courts must examine the text, con-
text, and structure of "the entire statutory scheme" to analyze whether
the law confers authority to determine both a claim's validity and the
amount due. Winkelman v. Parma City School Dist., ; see Illinois Surety, 240 U. S., at 219 -- 220. Pp. 367 -- 369.
(b) The CRSC statute meets these requirements. The law confers
upon "[t]he Secretary concerned" the "[a]uthority" to pay each "eligible"
claimant a "monthly amount" "determined" under the statute's terms.
10 U. S. C.. Regarding validity, the statute provides that the
Secretary concerned shall "conside[r]" whether a CRSC applicant is an
"eligible" "combat-related disabled uniformed services retiree. ". Because the Secretary "shall pay" CRSC payments to "each
eligible" veteran, determining a claimant's eligibility is tanta-
mount to determining the validity of his claim. The statute also confers
authority on the Secretary to determine the amount due by instructing
the Secretary to pay a specifc monthly amount. (1) -- (3).
Taken as a whole, the statute establishes a unique, self-contained, com-
Page Proof Pending Publication
prehensive compensation scheme that authorizes the Secretary con-
cerned to determine both the validity of CRSC claims and the amount
due on them, thus creating a separate settlement mechanism that dis-
places the Barring Act's default procedures. Pp. 369 -- 370.
(c) The Federal Circuit erred by imposing undue requirements on
Congress's ability to confer settlement authority and by disregarding
the CRSC statute's plain text. The court's demand for "specifc lan-
guage" and its alternative requirement that a statute provide a specifc
limitations period to displace the Barring Act are rejected. Congress
need not use particular words to confer settlement authority, and, in
this unique statutory regime, it is not unreasonable to think that Con-
gress would have provided a settlement mechanism without a specifc
limitations period. The Government's arguments for affrmance are
similarly unpersuasive, including its insistence on "hallmark formula-
tions" to confer settlement authority and its concern about destabilizing
Government programs. The CRSC statute's separate subsections, in
combination, create a comprehensive benefts regime that authorizes the
Secretary concerned to determine both the validity of CRSC claims and
the amount due on them. Pp. 370 -- 375.
92 F. 4th 1094, reversed and remanded.

Thomas, J., delivered the opinion for a unanimous Court.
362 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

Tacy F. Flint argued the cause for petitioner. With her
on the briefs were J. Simone Jones, Nathaniel C. Love,
Emily M. Wexler, Ankur Shingal, Barton F. Stichman, Ro-
chelle Bobroff, and Lakeisha F. Mays.
Caroline A. Flynn argued the cause for the United States.
With her on the brief were Acting Solicitor General Harris,
Acting Assistant Attorney General Roth, Deputy Solicitor
General Stewart, and Charles W. Scarborough.*

Justice Thomas delivered the opinion of the Court.
Title 31 U. S. C., known as the Barring Act, estab-
lishes a default settlement regime for certain claims brought
against the Government. The Barring Act subjects most
claims to a 6-year limitations period. (1). But, the
Act includes an exception: If "another law" confers authority
to settle a claim against the Government, then that law dis-
places the Barring Act's settlement mechanism -- including
its limitations period -- as to that claim.. The
Page Proof Pending Publication
question before us is whether a law providing "[c]ombat-
related special compensation" (CRSC) to qualifying veterans
confers authority to settle CRSC claims. 10 U. S. C..
We hold that it does, and thus that the settlement procedures
and limitations established under the Barring Act do not
apply to claims for CRSC payments.

I
A
The Barring Act establishes default procedures for how a
variety of "claims of or against the United States Govern-
ment shall be settled." 31 U. S. C..

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the Connecticut
Veterans Legal Center et al. by Amy Mason Saharia and Diane Boyd
Rauber; for Military-Veterans Advocacy, Inc., et al. by Melanie L. Bost-
wick, Melanie R. Hallums, and John B. Wells; and for the National Law
School Veterans Clinic Consortium by Katie M. Becker.
 Cite as: (2025) 363

Opinion of the Court

The term "settle" in this context refers to determining the
amount of money a claimant is due. See Illinois Surety Co.
v. United States ex rel. Peeler, (1916).
This meaning of "settlement" fows from the well-established
principle that in the Government-claims context, when the
Government "determine[s]" that a claim is "valid," the claim
"should be paid in full." Offce of Gen. Counsel, GAO, Prin-
ciples of Federal Appropriations Law 11 -- 6 (1982). Thus, the
inquiries relevant to settling a claim are straightforward:
First, we ask whether the claim is valid; and second, if it is,
we ask how much the Government owes.
The Barring Act authorizes certain entities to settle cer-
tain types of claims. See (1) -- (4). Relevant here,
the Act provides that the Secretary of Defense will settle
"claims involving uniformed service members' pay, allow-
ances, travel, transportation, payments for unused accrued
leave, retired pay, and survivor benefts." (1)(A).
Most claims covered under the Barring Act are subject to a
Page Proof Pending Publication
6-year limitations period. (1).
But, not all claims against the Government fall within the
Barring Act's ambit. While the Barring Act provides a de-
fault framework for settling and processing claims against
the Government, it includes a signifcant exception: If "an-
other law" creates a separate settlement process, then that
process displaces the Act's settlement mechanism. ;
see also (1)(A) (stating that the Act's 6-year limita-
tions period does not apply if "another law" provides
otherwise).
B
In 2002, Congress enacted the CRSC statute, 10 U. S. C., to provide special payments to military retirees who
have suffered combat-related disabilities. See Bob Stump
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003, 116 Stat. 2574 -- 2576. Under federal law, retired veter-
ans generally must waive a portion of their military retire-
ment pay in order to receive disability benefts from the De-
364 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

partment of Veterans Affairs (VA). 38 U. S. C. -- 
5305. But, under the CRSC statute, a retired veteran who
establishes that his disability is attributable to a combat-
related injury may receive special compensation up to the
amount of waived retired pay. CRSC payments were ini-
tially limited to military retirees who, in addition to having
suffered a combat-related disability, had served for at least
20 years. Congress later amended the statute to cover all
combat-disabled retirees who are eligible for retired pay, ef-
fective January 1, 2008. National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2008, 122 Stat. 156.
The CRSC statute establishes a comprehensive framework
for CRSC claims, governing everything from a claimant's ini-
tial application to the ultimate disbursal of payments. And,
the statute confers upon "[t]he Secretary concerned" 1 au-
thority to effect key determinations throughout this process.
At the beginning of the CRSC claims process, the statute
expressly requires the Secretary concerned to "conside[r]"
Page Proof Pending Publication
whether the applicant is "eligible" for CRSC payments. 10
U. S. C.. 2 In other words, the Secretary con-
cerned must confrm that the applicant is "entitled to retired
pay" and "has a combat-related disability.". The
statute defnes a qualifying " `combat-related disability' " as
one that is either "attributable to an injury for which the

1
" `Secretary concerned' " refers to the Secretary of the Army, Navy,
Air Force, or Homeland Security, depending on the military department
from which the CRSC applicant retired. 10 U. S. C. (9).
2
Subsection (d) further authorizes the Secretary of Defense to "pre-
scribe procedures and criteria under which a disabled uniformed services
retiree may apply" to the Secretary concerned.. The Secre-
tary of Defense has set forth those criteria in regulations and program
guidance. See 7B Dept. of Defense, DoD 7000.14 -- R, Financial Manage-
ment Regulation, ch. 63 (June 2024) (DoD FMR); see also App. 77 -- 107
(Jan. 2004 Guidance). Among other things, the guidance requires CRSC
recipients to be entitled to retired pay and to have a service-connected
disability that the VA rates as at least 10 percent disabling. DoD FMR,
at 63 -- 6 to 63 -- 9, 63 -- 19; App. 83 -- 87.
 Cite as: (2025) 365

Opinion of the Court

member was awarded the Purple Heart," or that the claim-
ant incurred in armed confict, during hazardous service or
conditions simulating war, or through an instrumentality of
war.. Disabilities that "are not combat-related"
"will not be considered in determining eligibility for CRSC
or the amount of CRSC payable." App. 89.
Section 1413a separately establishes how to determine the
monthly amount of CRSC payments to which an eligible
claimant is entitled. Subsection (b)(1) states that "the
monthly amount to be paid... for any month is the amount
of compensation to which the retiree is entitled under title
38 for that month, determined without regard to any disabil-
ity of the retiree that is not a combat-related disability."
Subsection (b)(2) sets a cap on the amount a claimant may
receive. And, subsection (b)(3) provides specifc rules to fol-
low in the case of retirees who are retired under a separate
chapter of Title 10.
The CRSC statute does not include a statute of limitations
Page Proof Pending Publication
or otherwise expressly limit the number of months for which
an applicant may obtain payment.

C
Corporal Simon Soto, petitioner here, served honorably in
the United States Marine Corps from 2000 to 2006. During
the frst of his two tours of duty in Operation Iraqi Freedom,
Soto served in Mortuary Affairs. In that role, Soto "was
assigned to `search for, recover, and process the remains' of
war casualties." App. 15. He struggled to adjust to civil-
ian life following deployment and eventually received a diag-
nosis for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), which his
physicians attributed to his combat experiences. Soto was
medically retired from the Marine Corps in 2006 and re-
ceived numerous medals and commendations for his service.
Soto later sought service-connected disability compensa-
tion from the VA. The VA ultimately assigned him a 100-
percent disability rating for his PTSD, representing "[t]otal
366 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

occupational and social impairment," 38 CFR.130 (2024),
and awarded Soto disability compensation in June 2009.
In June 2016, Soto submitted an application to the Navy
seeking CRSC payments based on his combat-related PTSD.
The Secretary of the Navy approved Soto for CRSC benefts
in October 2016 and authorized him to receive retroactive
compensation going back six years, to July 2010. The rea-
son that Soto was eligible for only six years' worth of CRSC
payments, the Government explained, was that "CRSC is
subject to the [Barring Act's] 6-year statute of limitations."
App. 37.
The following year, Soto fled a class-action lawsuit in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of
Texas. He asserted that the Barring Act's 6-year limita-
tions period does not apply to CRSC claims and that he was
therefore entitled to retroactive CRSC payments for the
months dating back to January 1, 2008 -- the effective date of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the statutory amendment that expanded CRSC eligibility to
include combat-disabled medical retirees who, like him, had
served for fewer than 20 years. See supra, at 364.
After certifying a nationwide class consisting of former
servicemembers " `whose CRSC applications... were
granted, but whose amount of CRSC payment was limited
by [the Barring Act's] statute of limitations,' " the District
Court entered summary judgment for the class. See 2021
WL 7286022, *1 (SD Tex., Dec. 16, 2021). Because the
CRSC statute "defnes eligibility for CRSC, helps explain
the amount of benefts and instructs the Secretary of De-
fense to prescribe procedures and criteria for individuals to
apply for CRSC," the court concluded that the statute consti-
tutes " `another law' " that "provides its own settlement
mechanism," and so displaces the Barring Act's settlement
procedures. Id., at *2 -- *3.
The Federal Circuit reversed. "To confer settlement au-
thority and displace the Barring Act," the court reasoned, "a
statute must explicitly grant an agency or entity the author-
 Cite as: (2025) 367

Opinion of the Court

ity to settle claims." 92 F. 4th 1094, 1098 (2024). The court
determined that Congress typically confers settlement au-
thority "by use of the term `settle' " or other "specifc lan-
guage"; absent such language, a statute "cannot displace the
Barring Act, unless another statute provides a `specifc' pro-
vision setting out the period of recovery." Id., at 1099.
The Federal Circuit thus concluded that the CRSC statute
"only establishes who may be eligible for CRSC payments,
not how claimants can have those claims settled," and thus
fails to confer settlement authority. Ibid.
Judge Reyna dissented. On his view, several of 's
provisions, including those that authorize the Secretary con-
cerned to determine CRSC eligibility and the proper amount
of payments, confrm that the statute establishes a process
that meets the common understanding of settlement. Id.,
at 1102 -- 1103.
We granted certiorari to decide whether the CRSC statute
provides a settlement mechanism that displaces the default
Page Proof Pending Publication
procedures and limitations set forth in the Barring Act. See
(2025).3
II
A
To decide whether the CRSC statute provides a settle-
ment mechanism that displaces the Barring Act, we frst ad-
dress how this Court has construed "settlement" of claims
against the Government and what is required for a statute
to confer settlement authority.
As both parties recognize, this Court has made clear that
"[t]he word `settlement' in connection with public transac-
tions and accounts has been used from the beginning to de-

3
The Federal Circuit held that CRSC payments are "claims" that in-
volve " `retired pay,' " 92 F. 4th, at 1100, and thus that they fall within the
Barring Act's scope. We take these threshold determinations as "[g]iven"
for purposes of this opinion. See (2025) (granting certiorari
on a modifed question presented).
368 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

scribe administrative determination of the amount due." Il-
linois Surety, 240 U. S., at 219; see Brief for Petitioner 22;
Brief for United States 24. As referenced above, agency
guidance refects this established understanding of "settle-
ment." See supra, at 363. Simply put, the authority "to set-
tle" a claim against the United States is the power both to
" `determine upon the validity of ' " the claim, and to "deter-
min[e]... the amount due" on it. Illinois Surety, 240 U. S.,
at 219 -- 220 (emphasis deleted).
A statute confers settlement authority so long as it vests
an entity with the power to determine both a claim's validity
and amount due. Ibid. We have explained that, in the con-
text of waiving sovereign immunity, Congress need not
"state its intent in any particular way," or "use magic words"
to effectuate a waiver. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Rural Housing Service v. Kirtz, Page Proof Pending Publication
48 -- 49 (2024). That same
principle applies here. While the most straightforward way
to confer settlement authority may be to "use... the term
`settle,' " 92 F. 4th, at 1099, the presence of that word -- or
any other specifc language -- is not necessary. Accord, e. g.,
Hernandez v. Department of Air Force, 498 F. 3d 1328, 1330 -- 
1331 (CA Fed. 2007) (holding that Uniformed Services Em-
ployment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, 38 U. S. C.
-- 4333, conferred settlement authority despite refer-
ring neither to "settlement" nor "claims"); Brief for United
States 26 -- 28 (acknowledging "other statutory formulations
that do not use the word `settle' " but that nevertheless
"have been found to confer settlement authority"); Tr. of Oral
Arg. 38 (same).
To decide whether a statute constitutes "another law" that
displaces the Barring Act's settlement procedures, 31 U. S. C., we therefore look to the text, context, and struc-
ture of "the entire statutory scheme" at issue, Winkelman v.
Parma City School Dist., (2007), and ana-
 Cite as: (2025) 369

Opinion of the Court

lyze whether the law confers authority to both determine a
claim's validity and determine the amount due on the claim.
See Illinois Surety, 240 U. S., at 219 -- 220.

B
The CRSC statute meets these requirements. At the out-
set, the law confers upon "[t]he Secretary concerned" the
"[a]uthority" to pay each "eligible" claimant a "monthly
amount" that is "determined" under the terms of the statute.
10 U. S. C.. This grant of authority includes the
power to determine both the " `validity' " of claims for CRSC
payments and the "amount due" on each claim. Illinois
Surety, 240 U. S., at 219 -- 220 (emphasis deleted).
Regarding validity, the CRSC statute provides that the
Secretary concerned shall "conside[r]" whether a CRSC ap-
plicant is an "eligible" "combat-related disabled uniformed
services retiree.". Determining an applicant's
Page Proof Pending Publication
eligibility requires the Secretary concerned to assess
whether the applicant has followed the "procedures" and met
the "criteria" established by the Secretary of Defense.
Ibid.; see supra, at 364 -- 365; App. 83 -- 90, 92 -- 95 (administra-
tive guidance addressing CRSC criteria, applications, and
bases for eligibility determinations). Because the Secretary
concerned "shall pay" CRSC payments to "each eligible" vet-
eran, in this context determining a claimant's
eligibility is tantamount to determining the validity of
his claim. Thus, by charging the Secretary concerned to
"conside[r]" and evaluate each applicant's "eligib[ility],", the CRSC statute's plain text authorizes the Sec-
retary to " `determine upon the validity of ' " a claim for
CRSC payments, Illinois Surety, 240 U. S., at 220 (empha-
sis deleted).
The CRSC statute also confers to the Secretary concerned
authority to "administrative[ly] determin[e]... the amount
due" on an eligible veteran's claim. Id., at 219. Subsection
(a) instructs the Secretary to pay a specifc "monthly amount
370 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court... determined under subsection (b)." Subsection (b), in
turn, details precisely how the Secretary will "[d]etermin[e]"
the monthly payments contemplated under subsection (a),
sets a "[m]aximum amount" for these payments, and provides
"[s]pecial rules" that apply to CRSC payments for certain
retirees. (1) -- (3).4
At bottom, establishes a self-contained, compre-
hensive compensation scheme for a narrowly defned group
of exceptionally deserving claimants. Taken as a whole, see
Winkelman, 550 U. S., at 523, the statute's unique combina-
tion of characteristics authorizes the Secretary concerned to
determine both the validity of CRSC claims and the amount
due on them. The statute thus creates a separate settle-
ment mechanism -- i. e., "another law" -- that displaces the
Barring Act's default settlement procedures, including its
limitations period. 31 U. S. C..
III
Page Proof Pending
A Publication
The Federal Circuit reached the opposite conclusion below
by imposing undue requirements on Congress's ability to
4
To be sure, both subsections (a) and (b) refer to the monthly CRSC
payments being "determined," and, being in the passive voice, do not ex-
pressly state who will undertake that action. But, "context can confne a
passive-voice sentence to a likely set of actors," Bartenwerfer v. Buckley,
(2023), and here we do not think that Congress's use of
the passive voice leaves ambiguity as to who has authority to determine
the amount due on CRSC claims. Again, the statute expressly authorizes
the Secretary concerned to determine a claim's validity at the outset and
to ultimately disburse payment. See, (d). Nothing in the text
suggests that any other person or Government entity interposes between
application and payment to "determin[e]" the amount due on the claims.. Therefore, the most natural reading of subsection (b) is that
it authorizes the same entity that validates and pays claims to conduct
the interim business of determining how much the Government must pay.
Accord, Brief for United States 37 (acknowledging that may be
"best read to identify the `Secretary concerned' as the person who should
make the relevant determinations" regarding payment amount).
 Cite as: (2025) 371

Opinion of the Court

confer settlement authority and by disregarding the CRSC
statute's plain language.
The Federal Circuit reasoned that for a statute to provide
settlement authority, Congress must use "specifc language"
that authorizes a Government entity to "settle a claim -- 
which will typically be done by use of the term `settle.' " 92
F. 4th, at 1099. Absent such language, the court continued,
a statute may authorize settlement only if it "provides a `spe-
cifc' provision setting out the period of recovery." Ibid.
We reject both premises. As this Court has repeatedly
explained, Congress "need not state its intent in any particu-
lar way," and "[w]e have never required that Congress use
magic words." FAA v. Cooper, (2012); see
also, e. g., Kirtz, 601 U. S., at 48. Thus, even if Congress
"typically" confers the authority to settle claims "by use of
the term `settle,' " 92 F. 4th, at 1099, that standard practice
does not bind legislators to specifc words or formulations.
Page Proof Pending Publication
It is enough that a statute authorizes an entity to determine
both the validity of a claim and the amount due on it. See
Illinois Surety, 240 U. S., at 219 -- 220.
Nor must a settlement mechanism always feature a " `spe-
cifc' " limitations period to ft within the Barring Act's "an-
other law" exception. 92 F. 4th, at 1099. If a statute estab-
lishes a settlement mechanism and thus constitutes "another
law" under, then it nullifes all of the Barring Act's
procedures as to the alternative settlement mechanism -- lim-
itations period included. To be sure, Congress's choice to
authorize the settlement of claims may often coincide with a
statute of limitations, and we would not lightly assume that
Congress wished to expose the Government to unlimited lia-
bility. But where, as here, the statutory scheme involves
a small group of particularly deserving claimants, it is not
extraordinary to think that Congress wished to forgo a limi-
tations period. A settlement mechanism does not require a
limitations period. Thus, so long as a statute confers au-
thority to determine the validity of a claim and the amount
372 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

due on it, the law displaces the Barring Act in its entirety
irrespective of whether it separately addresses timing.
Further, the CRSC statute clearly authorizes the Se-
cretary concerned to determine CRSC claimants' eligibility
according to specifc criteria, and those criteria say noth-
ing about time limits. See 10 U. S. C., (c), (d).
Under these circumstances, the most reasonable inference is
that the process of " `determin[ing] upon the validity' " of a
CRSC claim simply does not involve applying a defned pe-
riod of recovery. Illinois Surety, 240 U. S., at 220 (emphasis
deleted); see also Tr. of Oral Arg. 60 -- 61 (Government agree-
ing that Congress has created settlement processes that dis-
place the Barring Act but lack limitations periods).
The Federal Circuit's focus on the absence of specifc
words and provisions led it to misinterpret the CRSC stat-
ute. On the Federal Circuit's view, because lacks
specifc language and its own limitations period, it estab-
lishes only "who may be eligible for CRSC payments, not
Page Proof Pending Publication
how claimants can have those claims settled." 92 F. 4th, at
1099. But, that interpretation "is belied by the provisions
of the CRSC statute itself." Id., at 1104 (Reyna, J., dissent-
ing). The CRSC statute does not merely describe "who may
be eligible," id., at 1099 (majority opinion); it explicitly in-
structs potential claimants to apply to the Secretary con-
cerned, and vests the Secretary with the authority to deter-
mine those applicants' eligibility, see, (d). And,
contrary to the Federal Circuit's assertion, the statute estab-
lishes exactly "how" the claims will be settled, id., at 1099 -- 
again, by granting the Secretary "[a]uthority" to "conside[r]"
applicants' eligibility, and then prescribing how the Secre-
tary will "determin[e]" the amount due., (b), (d);
see supra, at 364 -- 365.
B
The Government's arguments for affrmance are no more
persuasive. To start, the Government agrees that a statute
 Cite as: (2025) 373

Opinion of the Court

may authorize settlement without necessarily using the word
"settle," Brief for United States 26, 41 -- 42, yet, echoing the
Federal Circuit, insists that a statute still must feature "hall-
mark formulations" to confer settlement authority, Tr. of
Oral Arg. 42. Such "hallmark formulations," the Govern-
ment tells us, include language that "speak[s] of claims being
allowed or disallowed," "refer[s] to a fnding being fnal and
conclusive," or designates "authority to sue or be sued."
Id., at 38, 65; see also Brief for United States 26 -- 28. But,
it is diffcult to see how the Government's "hallmark formula-
tions" inquiry does not devolve into the same sort of " `magic
words' " test that we have so often denounced. Kirtz, 601
U. S., at 48 -- 49. As with the Federal Circuit's demand for
specifc language and provisions, we reject the Government's
"formulations"-focused attempt to limit the ways that Con-
gress may convey settlement authority.
The Government similarly reprises the Federal Circuit's
Page Proof Pending Publication
assertion that the CRSC statute does not authorize settle-
ment because it lacks any "timing requirement," and further
insists that our reading "supplant[s]" the Barring Act's limi-
tations period "through [Congress's] silence." Brief for
United States 17, 30 -- 32. For the reasons we have already
explained, we disagree with the proposition that a settlement
mechanism must include a limitations period to displace the
Barring Act. See supra, at 371. And, the Government's
assertion that our interpretation permits the CRSC statute
sub silentio to "supplant" the Barring Act misunderstands
the CRSC statute. In enacting, Congress did not
displace the Barring Act's limitations period through "si-
lence"; Congress displaced the Barring Act's procedures and
limitations by authorizing the Secretary concerned to deter-
mine the validity and amount due on -- and thus to settle -- 
CRSC claims. See, (b), (d); supra, at 369 -- 371.
The Government also resists the conclusion that 
confers authority to "determin[e] the amount `due' " on a
374 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

claim for CRSC payments. Brief for United States 24. Ac-
cording to the Government, such a determination "involves
more than assessing whether the claim has merit or calculat-
ing what the claimant might be owed"; it "may also entail... auditing the relevant account, making adjustments for
any applicable debts or offsets, and effecting a fnal disposi-
tion." Ibid. Because the CRSC statute does not explicitly
assign this level of auditing and adjustment, the Government
suggests that it does not permit the Secretary concerned to
determine the amount due, and thus cannot establish a mech-
anism for settling CRSC claims.
This argument proves too much. The Barring Act indis-
putably confers settlement authority, yet it says nothing
about audits or offsets. Instead, it simply authorizes the
settlement of "claims." 31 U. S. C.. The CRSC
statute confers comparable settlement authority, see supra,
at 369 -- 371, and is likewise silent as to the extra accounting
Page Proof Pending Publication
procedures that the Government contemplates. We decline
the Government's invitation to read additional requirements
into the "administrative determination of the amount due."
Illinois Surety, 240 U. S., at 219.
Finally, the Government warns that if the CRSC stat-
ute "create[s] an independent settlement mechanism," then
every statute containing even one of 's relevant "fea-
tures" might also displace the Barring Act, and in turn
"destabilize" various Government programs. See Brief for
United States 36 -- 41. The conclusion does not follow the
premise. In holding that the CRSC statute confers author-
ity to settle claims for CRSC payments, we do not suggest
that each singular component or subsection of the statute is
independently suffcient to establish settlement authority.
To the contrary, we hold only that 's separate subsec-
tions -- in combination -- create a comprehensive CRSC ben-
efts regime spanning from application to payment, and that,
within this framework, Congress has authorized the Secre-
tary concerned to determine both the validity of applicants'
 Cite as: (2025) 375

Opinion of the Court

CRSC claims and the amount due on them. See supra, at
369 -- 371.5
In all events, while we acknowledge that the Barring Act's
limitations period plays an important role in managing the
Government's potential retroactive liability, "we will not pre-
sume... that any result consistent with [the Government's]
account of the statute's overarching goal must be the law."
Henson v. Santander Consumer USA Inc., 
(2017). Even if we thought sound policy called for a nar-
rower carveout to the Barring Act's procedures than the "an-
other law" exception that Congress enacted, 31 U. S. C., that policy choice is a "matte[r] for Congress, not
this Court, to resolve," Henson, 582 U. S., at 90.
* * *
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed, and
the case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
Page Proof Pending Publication It is so ordered.

5
As the Government itself recognized at oral argument, the number of
statutes that include all of the material features of the CRSC statute -- as
opposed to just one or some of those features -- appears to be relatively
small. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 47 -- 52 (referring to "six statutes" that argua-
bly authorize a Government entity to determine both the validity of a
claim and the amount due). Notwithstanding this acknowledgment, the
Government has "reserv[ed] the right to distinguish" these statutes, id.,
at 51, and we express no view as to whether any other statute displaces
the Barring Act in a way analogous to the CRSC statute.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 373, line 4 from bottom: "on" is inserted after "due"

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 2
Pages 627 -- 664

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 18, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 627

Syllabus

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY v. CALU-
MET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C., et al.

certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fth circuit
No. 23 -- 1229. Argued March 25, 2025 -- Decided June 18, 2025
The Clean Air Act (CAA) establishes a comprehensive venue framework
for judicial review of Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) actions
designed to ensure proper distribution of cases among federal courts.
Under 42 U. S. C. (1), "nationally applicable" EPA actions must
be challenged exclusively in the D. C. Circuit, while "locally or region-
ally applicable" actions ordinarily belong in regional Circuits. How-
ever, locally or regionally applicable actions that are "based on a deter-
mination of nationwide scope or effect" must be reviewed in the D. C.
Circuit if EPA fnds and publishes that such basis exists. This tripar-
tite system refects congressional intent to channel nationally signifcant
EPA actions to the D. C. Circuit while keeping most regionally focused
matters in local Circuits.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Under the CAA's renewable fuel program, most domestic refneries
must blend specifed amounts of ethanol and other renewable fuels into
transportation fuels they produce. The Act provides a phased exemp-
tion scheme for small refneries -- those processing no more than 75,000
barrels of crude oil daily -- allowing them to petition EPA for exemp-
tions based on "disproportionate economic hardship." (9)(B)(i).
Following this Court's decision in HollyFrontier Cheyenne Refning,
LLC v. Renewable Fuels Assn., which clarifed that small
refneries could obtain exemption "extensions" even after their original
exemptions had lapsed, the D. C. Circuit remanded pending exemption
cases to EPA for reconsideration.
EPA then proposed and ultimately denied 105 small refnery exemp-
tion petitions in two omnibus notices issued in April and July 2022.
EPA's denials were based on two principal determinations: frst, its in-
terpretation that "disproportionate economic hardship" covers only
hardship directly caused by renewable fuel program compliance; and
second, its economic theory that Renewable Identifcation Number
(RIN) costs are fully passed through to consumers, creating a presump-
tion against granting exemptions. EPA applied these determinations
uniformly while conducting confrmatory reviews of individual refnery
circumstances. EPA asserted in its denial notices that the denials were
reviewable only in the D. C. Circuit, either as "nationally applicable"
628 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Syllabus

actions or, alternatively, as locally applicable actions "based on a deter-
mination of nationwide scope or effect."
Small refneries challenged these denials in multiple regional Circuits.
Most Circuits either dismissed the challenges for improper venue or
transferred them to the D. C. Circuit. However, the Fifth Circuit re-
tained jurisdiction, rejecting EPA's venue arguments and ruling for the
refneries on the merits. The Fifth Circuit reasoned that EPA's actions
were merely locally applicable because their "legal effect" was limited
to the petitioning refneries, and that the actions were not based on
determinations of nationwide scope or effect because EPA still exam-
ined refnery-specifc facts before issuing denials.
Held: EPA's denials of small refnery exemption petitions are locally or
regionally applicable actions that fall within the "nationwide scope or
effect" exception, requiring venue in the D. C. Circuit. Pp. 636 -- 650.
(a) Section 7607(b)(1) creates a two-step inquiry for determining
venue. First, courts assess whether an EPA action is nationally appli-
cable or only locally or regionally applicable. If nationally applicable,
the case belongs in the D. C. Circuit. If locally or regionally applicable,
courts proceed to the second step to determine whether the "nationwide
scope or effect" exception applies to override the default rule of regional
Page Proof Pending Publication
Circuit review. Pp. 636 -- 642.
(1) To identify the relevant "action," courts must look to the author-
izing CAA provision rather than how EPA packages its decisions. The
enumerated "actions" in (1) make clear that this provision
"treats each activity the Clean Air Act allows the EPA to take as a
distinct `action.' " Kentucky v. EPA, 123 F. 4th 447, 460. Because the
CAA allows "[a] small refnery" to "petition [EPA] for an extension of
[its] exemption" and requires EPA to "act on any petition submitted,"
each EPA denial of a refnery's exemption petition constitutes its own
"action" for venue purposes. Pp. 636 -- 638.
(2) An action is "nationally applicable" if it applies "[o]n its face"
throughout the entire country, or only "locally or regionally applicable"
if it applies only to particular localities or regions. Sierra Club v. EPA,
926 F. 3d 844, 849. EPA's denial of a single refnery's exemption peti-
tion applies only to that refnery, a particular entity in a particular place,
making such denials paradigmatically "locally or regionally applicable"
actions. Pp. 638 -- 640.
(3) EPA's argument that it can control the unit of "action" for venue
purposes by aggregating similar petitions into omnibus notices lacks any
statutory limiting principle and would effectively give EPA veto power
over venue. EPA's position that any action affecting more than one
Circuit is nationally applicable would render actions with plainly local
 Cite as: (2025) 629

Syllabus

or regional focus "nationally applicable" simply because the locality or
region straddles Circuit lines. Pp. 640 -- 642.
(b) Because EPA's actions are locally or regionally applicable, the
Court must determine whether the "nationwide scope or effect" excep-
tion applies. This exception requires that (1) the action "is based on a
determination of nationwide scope or effect," and (2) EPA "fnds and
publishes that such action is based on such a determination." All agree
the second requirement is satisfed. Pp. 642 -- 650.
(1) A "determination" refers to EPA's justifcations in taking the
action. Determinations are of nationwide "scope" if they apply
throughout the country "as a legal matter (de jure)" and of nationwide
"effect" if they so apply "as a practical [matter] (de facto)." Kentucky,
123 F. 4th, at 465. An EPA action is "based on" a determination of
nationwide scope or effect only if that determination "lie[s] at the core
of the agency action" and forms the primary explanation for and driver
of EPA's action. Texas v. EPA, 829 F. 3d 405, 419. This requires more
than but-for causation; it requires that a justifcation of nationwide
breadth be the most important part of EPA's reasoning. Courts should
evaluate this de novo. Pp. 643 -- 646.
(2) Applying this framework, EPA's exemption denials were based

Page Proof Pending Publication
on determinations of nationwide scope or effect. EPA's interpretation
of "disproportionate economic hardship" under (9)(B)(i) and its
RIN passthrough theory are clear determinations of nationwide scope
or effect that apply generically to all refneries regardless of geographic
location. These determinations formed the core basis for EPA's denials
because EPA used them to reach a presumptive resolution to deny all
petitions, then considered refnery-specifc factors only to confrm it had
no reason to depart from this presumptive disposition. Where EPA
relies on determinations of nationwide scope or effect to reach a pre-
sumptive resolution, those determinations qualify as the primary driver
of its decision. EPA's confrmatory review of refnery-specifc facts
is "[m]erely peripheral" by comparison. Texas, 829 F. 3d, at 419.
Pp. 646 -- 647.
(3) The Court rejects EPA's argument that "determination" covers
only the resolution of unsettled issues, as well as respondents' argument
that "determination" is a term of art applicable only when a CAA provi-
sion textually directs EPA to make a "determination" for the entire
Nation. The Court also rejects the argument that EPA's consideration
of refnery-specifc facts precludes the exception's application, noting
that the exception requires an action be "based on," not "based solely
on," a determination of nationwide scope or effect. Pp. 647 -- 650.
86 F. 4th 1121, vacated and remanded.
630 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Syllabus

Thomas, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Alito, Soto-
mayor, Kagan, Kavanaugh, Barrett, and Jackson, JJ., joined. Gor-
such, J., fled a dissenting opinion, in which Roberts, C. J., joined, post,
p. 650.

Deputy Solicitor General Stewart argued the cause for
petitioner. With him on the briefs were Acting Solicitor
General Harris, Solicitor General Prelogar, Assistant At-
torney General Kim, Aimee W. Brown, Bryan J. Harrison,
Susannah Weaver, and Matthew Marks.
Seth P. Waxman argued the cause for respondents Growth
Energy et al. in support of petitioner. With him on the
briefs were Matthew W. Morrison, Shelby L. Dyl, and David
M. Lehn.
Michael R. Huston argued the cause for respondent Calu-
met Shreveport Refning, L.L.C., et al. With him on the
brief were Karl J. Worsham, Jordan M. Buckwald, Sopen
Shah, Alexandra M. Bromer, Jonathan G. Hardin, Aimee E.
Ford, and Eric Wolff.*
Page Proof Pending Publication
*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for the State of New
York et al. by Letitia James, Attorney General of New York, Barbara D.
Underwood, Solicitor General, Judith N. Vale, Deputy Solicitor General,
Elizabeth A. Brody, Assistant Solicitor General, and Morgan A. Costello
and Claiborne E. Walthall, Assistant Attorneys General, by Christian
Menefee, and by the Attorneys General for their respective jurisdictions
as follows: Kris Mayes of Arizona, Philip J. Weiser of Colorado, William
Tong of Connecticut, Kathleen Jennings of Delaware, Brian L. Schwalb
of the District of Columbia, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Anthony G. Brown
of Maryland, Andrea Joy Campbell of Massachusetts, Dana Nessel of
Michigan, Keith Ellison of Minnesota, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jersey,
Ellen F. Rosenblum of Oregon, Michelle A. Henry of Pennsylvania, Peter
F. Neronha of Rhode Island, Charity R. Clark of Vermont, Robert W.
Ferguson of Washington, and Joshua L. Kaul of Wisconsin; and for
NATSO et al. by Hyland Hunt and Ruthanne M. Deutsch.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for Countrymark
Refning and Logistics, LLC, by Aaron M. Herzig and Philip D. William-
son; and for Sen. Mike Lee et al. by R. Trent McCotter.
Jeremy C. Marwell, Jennifer B. Dickey, Andrew R. Varcoe, and Eric
Groten fled a brief for the Chamber of Commerce of the United States of
America as amicus curiae.
 Cite as: (2025) 631

Opinion of the Court

Justice Thomas delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Clean Air Act (CAA) establishes a tripartite system
for determining venue in CAA litigation. Challenges to
"nationally applicable" Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) actions belong in the U. S. Court of Appeals for the
D. C. Circuit, while challenges to "locally or regionally appli-
cable" EPA actions ordinarily belong in a regional Circuit.
42 U. S. C. (1). But, the CAA makes an exception
for local or regional actions that are "based on a determina-
tion of nationwide scope or effect" and accompanied by an
EPA fnding of this basis, which also must be challenged in
the D. C. Circuit. Ibid. Applying this framework to EPA's
2022 denials of certain small refneries' exemption petitions,
we hold that the refneries' challenges belong in the D. C.
Circuit. EPA's denials are only locally or regionally applica-
ble, but they fall within the "nationwide scope or effect"
exception.
Page Proof Pending Publication I
A
Section 7607(b)(1) -- the CAA's venue provision -- governs
where petitioners should fle challenges to EPA actions
under that statute. As originally enacted, (1) dic-
tated venue only for an enumerated subset of EPA actions.
Certain actions with a national reach, such as "any national
primary or secondary ambient air quality standard"
(NAAQS) were reviewable only in the D. C. Circuit.
-- 5(b)(1) (1970 ed.). Area-specific "implementation
plan[s]" went to "the appropriate" regional Circuit. Ibid.
Any other unmentioned actions could be heard only in dis-
trict courts through their general grant of federal-question
jurisdiction. Harrison v. PPG Industries, Inc., (1980); see 28 U. S. C..
In 1977, Congress replaced this patchwork system with
the CAA's current scheme, which makes all EPA actions di-
rectly reviewable in a federal court of appeals. 91 Stat. 776
632 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

(codified as amended at 42 U. S. C. (1)). The
amended statute specifes that, in addition to NAAQS and
other enumerated actions, "any other nationally applicable... fnal action taken" by EPA under the CAA may be re-
viewed only in the D. C. Circuit. (1). And, in addi-
tion to implementation plans, "any other fnal action of [EPA]
under this chapter... which is locally or regionally applica-
ble" ordinarily may be reviewed only in a regional Circuit.
Ibid. Congress has since amended the CAA to specify addi-
tional kinds of actions that fall within these two categories.
91 Stat. 1404; 104 Stat. 2681.
Congress also created a third venue category in the 1977
amendments. This category provided an exception to the
default rule that locally or regionally applicable actions
should be reviewed in the regional Circuits. Congress in-
structed that a locally or regionally applicable action must
be reviewed in the D. C. Circuit "if [it] is based on a determi-
nation of nationwide scope or effect" and "if in taking such
Page Proof Pending Publication
action [EPA] fnds and publishes that such action is based on
such a determination." (1).

B
The EPA actions at issue in this case relate to the CAA's
renewable fuel program (RFP). The RFP "requires most
domestic refneries to blend a certain amount of ethanol and
other renewable fuels into the transportation fuels they
produce." HollyFrontier Cheyenne Refning, LLC v. Re-
newable Fuels Assn., (2021). Each cov-
ered refnery's precise obligation turns on its proportional
share of various "nationwide volume mandates." Id., at
385 -- 386; see (2)(A)(i), (o)(3); 40 CFR.1407(a)
(2024).
Covered refneries demonstrate compliance through a sys-
tem of Renewable Identifcation Number credits (RINs).
See 40 CFR.1425, 80.1426(a). A refnery generates
RINs whenever it blends renewable fuels,.1426(a),
 Cite as: (2025) 633

Opinion of the Court

and refneries may also buy and sell RINs, 42 U. S. C.
(5)(B). Thus, each year, a refnery may show
compliance "thanks to its own blending efforts, the purchase
of credits from someone else, or a combination of both."
HollyFrontier, 594 U. S., at 386.
The CAA contains a phased exemption scheme for small
refneries -- i. e., refneries whose "average aggregate daily
crude oil throughput for a calendar year... does not exceed
75,000 barrels." (1)(K). The scheme exempted all
small refneries from RFP compliance until 2011. 
(9)(A)(i). It then required EPA to extend this blanket ex-
emption, for at least two years, for all small refneries found
by a Department of Energy study to face "disproportionate
economic hardship" if subjected to the RFP's obligations.
(9)(A)(ii). Finally, the scheme allows a small refn-
ery to "at any time petition [EPA] for an extension of [its]
exemption... for the reason of disproportionate economic
hardship." (9)(B)(i). We interpreted this last pro-
Page Proof Pending Publication
vision in HollyFrontier, holding that a small refnery may
obtain an "extension" even after its original exemption has
lapsed. Id., at 396.
C
This case arose in the aftermath of HollyFrontier. Pend-
ing that decision, the D. C. Circuit had been holding in abey-
ance challenges to EPA's resolution of 36 small refneries'
exemption petitions for the 2018 compliance year. After-
wards, that court granted EPA's motion for remand without
vacatur, so that EPA could reconsider its orders in light of
the HollyFrontier litigation. Order in Sinclair Wyoming
Refning Co. v. EPA, No. 19 -- 1196 etc. (CADC, Dec. 8, 2021),
p. 3. The D. C. Circuit instructed EPA to issue its new deci-
sions within 120 days. Ibid.
Shortly thereafter, EPA noticed for public comment a pro-
posal to deny all pending exemption petitions. 86 Fed. Reg.
71000 (2021). EPA's notice set out two principles. First,
EPA offered its interpretation of "disproportionate economic
634 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

hardship," the CAA's threshold for an exemption petition to
be granted. (9)(B)(i). On EPA's view, that phrase
covers only hardship that is caused by RFP compliance.
App. in No. 22 -- 60266 etc. (CA5), pp. 545 -- 548. Second, EPA
theorized that, as a matter of economics, small refneries or-
dinarily do not suffer disproportionate economic hardship as
a result of the RFP because "RIN costs are fully passed
through to consumers." Id., at 549; see id., at 548 -- 584.
Based on this "RIN passthrough" theory, EPA proposed de-
nying all pending petitions "by fnding the petitioning refn-
eries do not face [disproportionate economic hardship] caused
by compliance with their [RFP] obligations." 86 Fed. Reg.
71000.
After receiving comments, EPA followed through and de-
nied the pending exemption petitions in two omnibus notices.
EPA issued the frst in April 2022 to deny the 36 petitions
subject to the D. C. Circuit's deadline. 87 Fed. Reg. 24300.
Page Proof Pending Publication
EPA issued the second in July 2022, to deny an additional 69
petitions from the 2016 to 2021 compliance years. Id., at
34874. In both notices, EPA relied primarily on the princi-
ples from its proposal -- namely, its statutory interpretation
of "disproportionate economic hardship" and its RIN pass-
through theory. App. to Pet. for Cert. 100a, 107a, 242a,
249a. EPA treated the passthrough theory as creating a
presumption against granting exemptions, and it examined
the petitioning refneries' evidence regarding their specifc
circumstances to confrm that none of the refneries had re-
butted this presumption. See id., at 107a -- 108a, 163a -- 168a,
249a -- 250a, 305a -- 310a.
EPA also asserted in the denial notices that its denials
were reviewable only in the D. C. Circuit. According to
EPA, the notices were " `nationally applicable' " actions
under (1). Id., at 187a, 328a. Alternatively, if the
actions were only "locally or regionally applicable," then
EPA invoked the exception for actions "based on a determi-
nation of `nationwide scope or effect.' " Ibid. EPA in-
 Cite as: (2025) 635

Opinion of the Court

cluded in both notices a fnding that its new statutory inter-
pretation and RIN passthrough theory supplied the relevant
determinations of nationwide scope or effect. Id., at
187a -- 188a, 329a.
Notwithstanding EPA's position, small refneries chal-
lenged these denials in a host of regional Circuits. Agree-
ing with EPA that the litigation belonged in the D. C. Cir-
cuit, most of these Circuits either dismissed the petitions for
improper venue or transferred them to the D. C. Circuit.1
The Fifth Circuit took a different approach. Evaluating
the petitions fled by six small refneries (respondents here),
the Fifth Circuit held that the litigation was properly before
it. The majority rejected the arguments for transfer raised
by EPA and a group of intervenors, reasoning that EPA's
notices were merely locally or regionally applicable actions,
because their "legal effect" was limited to the petitioning
refneries. 86 F. 4th 1121, 1131 -- 1132 (2023). And, contra
EPA, the notices were not based on any determination of
Page Proof Pending Publication
nationwide scope or effect. Both EPA's new interpretation
and its RIN passthrough theory "fail[ed] to provide the
agency with a suffcient basis to adjudicate exemption peti-
tions," because EPA still looked to refnery-specifc facts be-
fore it issued its denials. Id., at 1133. Accordingly, the case
properly belonged in the Fifth Circuit, and the majority pro-
ceeded to rule against EPA on the merits, vacating and re-
manding EPA's denials for further consideration. Id., at
1133, 1142.
Judge Higginbotham dissented on venue grounds. In his
view, EPA's denial notices were nationally applicable because
they applied throughout the country: EPA applied a consist-

1
See, e. g., Orders in American Rfg. Group, Inc. v. EPA, No. 22 -- 1991
(CA3, Aug. 9, 2022), ECF Doc. 23; Countrymark Rfg. & Logistics, LLC v.
EPA, No. 22 -- 1878 (CA7, July 20, 2022), ECF Doc. 13; Calumet Mont. Rfg.,
LLC v. EPA, No. 22 -- 70124 (CA9, Oct. 25, 2022), ECF Doc. 16; Wyoming
Rfg. Co. v. EPA, No. 22 -- 9538 (CA10, Aug. 23, 2022), ECF Doc. 26; see also
Hunt Rfg. Co. v. EPA, 90 F. 4th 1107, 1113 (CA11 2024).
636 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

ent approach to small refneries spanning "eighteen different
states, in the geographical boundaries of eight different cir-
cuit courts." Id., at 1143 -- 1144. And, if the notices were
only locally or regionally applicable, then EPA was correct
to fnd that the "nationwide scope or effect" exception ap-
plied: EPA's statutory interpretation and its passthrough
theory were "core determinations" that have nationwide
scope or effect in that they "are applicable to all small refn-
eries no matter the location or market in which they oper-
ate." Id., at 1145. We granted certiorari to clarify where
venue properly lies. (2024).

II
Section 7607(b)(1) creates a two-step inquiry for determin-
ing venue. At the frst step, we assess whether an EPA
action is nationally applicable, or only locally or regionally
applicable. If the action is nationally applicable, then our
inquiry ends: The case belongs in the D. C. Circuit. If the
Page Proof Pending Publication
action is locally or regionally applicable, then we proceed to
the second step. There, we ask whether the "nationwide
scope or effect" exception applies to override the default rule
that locally or regionally applicable actions belong in the re-
gional Circuits. Turning to (1)'s frst step, we hold
that the actions before us are only locally or regionally
applicable.
A
To properly categorize EPA's actions at the frst step, we
must determine what the relevant "action" is, and what it
means for an action to be "nationally applicable" as opposed
to "locally or regionally applicable." Once those principles
are clarifed, the categorization here is straightforward.

1
Because (1) pegs venue to the scope of the EPA
action being challenged, our threshold task is to identify the
"action" at issue. To do so, we must read "action" in its
 Cite as: (2025) 637

Opinion of the Court

context. That word means "a thing done." Webster's
Third New International Dictionary 21 (1976) (Webster's);
see also Black's Law Dictionary 26 (5th ed. 1979) (Black's)
("something done"). But, we could defne the "thing done"
by EPA in different ways. Both EPA's denials of each indi-
vidual exemption petition and its aggregation of those deni-
als into omnibus notices are in a sense things done. The
former is an "activity the Clean Air Act allows the EPA to
take," while the latter is how EPA has chosen to undertake
that activity. Kentucky v. EPA, 123 F. 4th 447, 460 (CA6
2024).
To determine which framing matters for purposes of
(1), we look to the example "actions" this provision
enumerates. Section 7607(b)(1) lists various examples of
EPA actions that qualify as either "nationally applicable" or
"locally or regionally applicable." For both these terms, it
then provides a catchall for "any other" "fnal action." And,
Page Proof Pending Publication
we "interpret a `general or collective term'... in light of
any `common attribute[s]' shared by" statutory examples of
that term. Southwest Airlines Co. v. Saxon, (2022).
The enumerated "actions" in (1) make clear that
this provision "treats each activity the Clean Air Act allows
the EPA to take as a distinct `action.' " Kentucky, 123
F. 4th, at 460. These "actions" all refer to particular exer-
cises of EPA authority undertaken pursuant to particular
CAA provisions. For instance, the example of a NAAQS
must be understood by reference to, which directs
EPA to issue a NAAQS "for each air pollutant," and thus
indicates that each pollutant-specifc standard is its own "ac-
tion." Likewise, (1)'s example of EPA's approval of
an "implementation plan under section 7410" must be read
in light of, which makes clear that an implementation
plan is a proposal "submitted by a State," and thus indicates
that EPA's approval decision is state specifc. (2).
In each case, the enumerated EPA "action" is defned by ref-
638 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

erence to the substantive authority under which EPA is act-
ing. See id., at 461.
Accordingly, for both (1)'s enumerated examples
and "any other... fnal action taken" by EPA "under this
chapter," we must look to the authorizing CAA provision to
identify the "action" at hand. This provision makes the
CAA's framing of the relevant "action" controlling, regard-
less of how EPA chooses to package its decisions in the Fed-
eral Register.2
2
The next question is whether a given action is "nationally
applicable" or only "locally or regionally applicable." Be-
cause (1) does not defne those terms, we presump-
tively give those terms their ordinary meaning. Burrage v.
United States, (2014). The word " `[n]a-
tional' contemplates an activity with a nationwide scope,"
while the words "local" and "regional" relate only to particu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
lar "place[s]" or regions. See Black's 845, 923. And, the
word "applicable" requires us to ask what the EPA action in
question " `ha[s] reference to.' " Kentucky, 123 F. 4th, at 459.
Put another way, we ask whether the action "[o]n its face"
applies throughout the entire country, or only to particular
localities or regions. Sierra Club v. EPA, 926 F. 3d 844, 849
(CADC 2019).
The statutory context supplied by (1)'s enumer-
ated examples confrms the correctness of this ordinary-
meaning approach. The actions that (1) identifes
as "nationally applicable" facially apply nationwide. For ex-
ample, courts have identifed a NAAQS -- a " `national pri-
mary or secondary ambient air quality standard' " -- as "[t]he
textbook example of nationally applicable action." Sierra
Club v. EPA, 47 F. 4th 738, 743 (CADC 2022). Conversely,

2
The Fifth Circuit therefore erred in summarily accepting EPA's char-
acterization of its omnibus notices as the "two EPA actions" at issue in
this case. 86 F. 4th 1121, 1129 (2023); see supra, at 635.
 Cite as: (2025) 639

Opinion of the Court

the actions that the CAA enumerates as "locally or region-
ally applicable" all have more particularized reach. For in-
stance, "the prototypical `locally or regionally applicable' ac-
tion" is EPA's approval of a state implementation plan,
which, as explained, is state specifc. American Road &
Transp. Builders Assn. v. EPA, 705 F. 3d 453, 455 (CADC
2013) (majority opinion of Kavanaugh, J.); supra, at 637. Be-
cause catchall "clauses are to be read as bringing within a
statute categories similar in type to those specifcally enu-
merated," the examples make clear that the ordinary mean-
ing of the terms "nationally applicable" and "locally or re-
gionally applicable" controls. Federal Maritime Comm'n v.
Seatrain Lines, Inc., (1973).3
3
Applying these principles here, we treat each EPA denial
of a refnery's exemption petition as its own "action" for
venue purposes. And, EPA's denial of a single refnery's pe-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tition plainly is only locally or regionally applicable.
This conclusion follows from how the CAA defnes the sub-
mission and evaluation of an RFP exemption petition. The
CAA allows "[a] small refnery" to "at any time petition
[EPA] for an extension of [its] exemption" from RFP obliga-
tions. (9)(B)(i). EPA, in turn, is to "evaluat[e] a
petition" and then "act on any petition submitted... not
later than 90 days after the date of receipt of the petition."
(9)(B)(ii) -- (iii). Thus, the CAA pegs EPA's "ac-
3
Because 42 U. S. C. (1) requires all actions to be either nation-
ally applicable or locally or regionally applicable, diffcult edge cases may
arise. For example, if an EPA action must "formally appl[y]" to "the
whole country" to be nationally applicable, Kentucky v. EPA, 123 F. 4th
447, 460 (CA6 2024), then actions could apply to nearly the entire country
yet still be locally or regionally applicable, see, e. g., (4). But, if
an action that formally applies to only a subset of the country can be
nationally applicable, see ATK Launch Systems, Inc. v. EPA, 651 F. 3d
1194, 1197 (CA10 2011), then line-drawing questions may arise, Kentucky,
123 F. 4th, at 460 -- 462. This case, however, does not present these issues.
640 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

tions" under the exemption provision by reference to each
individual exemption petition.
Against this backdrop, our classification decision is
straightforward. By defnition, EPA's denial of a single re-
fnery's exemption petition only applies to that refnery,
which is a particular entity located in a particular place.
That limited reach makes EPA's denials paradigmatically
"locally or regionally applicable" actions. See Sierra Club,
926 F. 3d, at 849.
B
We are unpersuaded by EPA's and the intervenors' coun-
terarguments. EPA proffers its omnibus denial notices as
the relevant "actions" on the ground that it has the discretion
to structure its decisions. According to EPA, it is free to
"aggregate similar petitions for joint resolution" in a single
"action" -- here, its omnibus Federal Register notices -- given
its right as an agency " `to fashion [its] own rules of proce-
Page Proof Pending Publication
dure and to pursue methods of inquiry capable of permitting
[it] to discharge [its] multitudinous duties.' " Brief for Peti-
tioner 26 -- 27 ). But, whatever discretion EPA
has to manage its internal affairs, Congress conclusively de-
fned the term "action" in (1) to focus on the specifc
statutory authority EPA is exercising.
Tellingly, EPA's position that it can control the unit of "ac-
tion" used to determine venue lacks any statutory limiting
principle. If EPA had free rein to group decisions into a
single "action" for venue purposes, then it could bundle even
unrelated matters into one Federal Register pronouncement
that is, in the aggregate, nationally applicable. Such a possi-
bility would effectively give EPA a veto power over venue
under the CAA. We see no reason to read (1) to
permit such gamesmanship. Absent indication that Con-
gress meant to give a party unfettered control over venue,
we will not read a venue provision to confer such broad dis-
cretion. Cf. Deal v. United States, -- 134
 Cite as: (2025) 641

Opinion of the Court

(1993) (disfavoring a reading that would "give a prosecutor
unreviewable discretion" as to a sentencing enhancement's
applicability).
Because EPA does not dispute that the actions here can
be nationally applicable only if it is right that the omnibus
denial notices are the relevant "actions," we need not resolve
EPA's remaining arguments. At a minimum, however, we
note that EPA's theory for distinguishing between nationally
applicable and locally or regionally applicable actions cannot
withstand scrutiny. EPA argues that any agency action is
nationally applicable if it affects more than one Circuit.
But, as we have recognized, the term "nationally applicable"
bears its ordinary meaning, supra, at 638, and EPA's view
would render actions with a plainly local or regional focus
"nationally applicable" simply because the locality or region
at issue straddles Circuit lines. For example, some EPA air
quality control regions cover metropolitan areas that extend
Page Proof Pending Publication
into two Circuits. It would defy credulity to say that an
EPA action regarding such a region would therefore be na-
tionally applicable rather than locally or regionally applica-
ble. Cf. Brief for Small Refnery Respondents 41 ("Can
there be any doubt that an EPA disapproval of a regional
implementation plan for only Region 90 (Metropolitan Kan-
sas City) is a `regionally applicable' action..., even though
that action touches both the Eighth and Tenth Circuits?").
Whatever the precise line should be, see, supra, EPA's
line cannot be it.
EPA justifes its position based on (1)'s language
equating regional Circuit review with review in "the appro-
priate circuit." (1). To be re-
viewable only in a single "appropriate circuit," EPA con-
tends, the category of "locally or regionally applicable"
actions must be limited to those actions affecting only one
Circuit. But, in the absence of other evidence, (1)'s
use of the defnite article "the" is too thin a reed to support
EPA's conclusion. See 1 U. S. C. (directing that "words
642 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

importing the singular include and apply to several persons,
parties, or things" "unless the context indicates otherwise").
Finally, we fnd no merit in the intervenors' arguments for
why the denial of an individual refnery's exemption petition
should still be considered nationally applicable. According
to the intervenors, the individual denials are nationally ap-
plicable because they have follow-on effects for the amount
of renewable fuel that must be produced under the RFP and
because EPA in issuing the denials announced a new stand-
ard for adjudicating exemption petitions. But, again, we de-
termine an action's range of applicability by "look[ing] only
to the face of the [action], rather than to its practical effects."
American Road & Transp. Builders Assn., 705 F. 3d, at 456.
Any follow-on implications of EPA's denials have no bearing
on our analysis of their facial applicability. Cf. Sierra Club,
47 F. 4th, at 744 ("The fact that `EPA's interpretive reason-
ing' may have `precedential effect in future EPA proceedings... does not make [an action] nationally applicable' ").
Page Proof Pending Publication
III
Because we conclude that EPA's actions were only locally
or regionally applicable, we must proceed to the second step
of the (1) inquiry. That is, we ask whether the "na-
tionwide scope or effect" exception applies to override the
default of regional Circuit review for locally or regionally
applicable actions. This exception channels an action to the
D. C. Circuit if (1) it "is based on a determination of nation-
wide scope or effect," and (2) "in taking such action [EPA]
fnds and publishes that such action is based on such a deter-
mination." (1). Here, all agree that the second re-
quirement is satisfed: EPA included the necessary fnding in
both its April and June denial notices. Supra, at 634 -- 635.
Accordingly, the question before us is whether EPA's exemp-
tion denials were "based on a determination of nationwide
scope or effect." We conclude that they were.
 Cite as: (2025) 643

Opinion of the Court

A
Here too, we begin by laying out the framework for decid-
ing whether an action is "based on a determination of nation-
wide scope or effect." We conclude that this requirement is
met if such a determination supplies a core justifcation for
EPA's action and that courts should evaluate the basis for
EPA's determinations de novo. Applying that framework,
we hold that this case is one in which the "nationwide scope
or effect" exception applies.

1
To understand the phrase "based on a determination of
nationwide scope or effect," we again turn to ordinary mean-
ing. Burrage, 571 U. S., at 210. In particular, we look to
the plain meaning of this phrase's component words, which
are all terms of everyday usage. And, we read these words
"in their context and with a view to their place in the overall
Page Proof Pending Publication
statutory scheme." Davis v. Michigan Dept. of Treasury,
(1989).
To begin, a "determination" is the "settling and ending of
a controversy," or "the resolving of a question by argument
or reasoning." Webster's 616; see also 4 Oxford English
Dictionary 548 (2d ed. 1989) ("[t]he decision arrived at or
promulgated; a determinate sentence, conclusion, or opin-
ion"). In an EPA action, EPA's underlying "determinations
are the justifcations [it] gives for the action," which "can be
found in [its] explanation of its action." Texas v. EPA, 829
F. 3d 405, 419 (CA5 2016).
In turn, a determination's "scope" and "effect" refer, re-
spectively, to its "formal `area' of operation" and to its " `op-
erative infuence.' " Kentucky, 123 F. 4th, at 465; see, e. g.,
American Heritage Dictionary 1164 (1969) (defning "scope"
as the "area covered by a given activity or subject"); Web-
ster's 724 (defning "effect" as "something that is produced
by an agent or cause"). An agency's determinations are of
644 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

"nationwide" scope or effect if they apply "throughout [the]
entire nation." Id., at 1505. Taken together, an agency ac-
tion involves determinations of nationwide "scope" if they
apply throughout the country "as a legal matter (de jure)"
and determinations of nationwide "effect" if they so apply
"as a practical one (de facto)." Kentucky, 123 F. 4th, at 465.
Of course, nearly all agency actions can be said to involve
justifcations of nationwide reach or consequence. For ex-
ample, most EPA actions presumably rely on EPA's interpre-
tations of its governing statutes.
The key question, then, is the degree of causality con-
tained in the phrase "based on." And, the meaning of that
phrase is context dependent. In many cases, it "indicates a
but-for causal relationship." Safeco Ins. Co. of America v.
Burr, (2007). But-for causation is a compar-
atively lenient standard, which is met so long as a result
"would not have occurred in the absence of -- that is, but
Page Proof Pending Publication
for -- [a party's] conduct." Burrage, 571 U. S., at 211 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). In other cases, however,
more is needed. Congress sometimes uses phrases such as
"based on" to cover only "core" causes amounting to an ac-
tion's "sine qua non" or " `gravamen.' " See, e. g., Fry v. Na-
poleon Community Schools, 169 (2017);
OBB Personenverkehr AG v. Sachs, (2015).
Section 7607(b)(1) incorporates the more demanding,
"core" understanding of "based on." This constraint follows
from the function of the "nationwide scope or effect" excep-
tion as just that -- an exception. Congress, after all, is un-
likely to intend for an exception to swallow the rule. See
Smith & Wesson Brands, Inc. v. Estados Unidos Mexicanos,
-- 299 (2025). Thus, in this context, but-for
causation is inadequate: In almost any case, a determination
of nationwide scope or effect will be at least a but-for cause
of EPA's action, given that any EPA action is downstream
of EPA's conclusions as to what its governing statutes permit
or require. But, Congress made regional Circuit review the
 Cite as: (2025) 645

Opinion of the Court

default for locally or regionally applicable actions, so we
must read the "nationwide scope or effect" exception in a
way that preserves regional Circuit review as the norm.
It follows that an EPA action is "based on" a particular
determination only if that determination "lie[s] at the core of
the agency action," so as to form the most important part of
the agency's reasoning. Texas, 829 F. 3d, at 419. Put more
concretely, an EPA action is based on a determination of na-
tionwide scope or effect only if a justifcation of nationwide
breadth is the primary explanation for and driver of EPA's
action. A determination of nationwide scope or effect does
not rise to this level if EPA also relied in signifcant part on
other, "intensely factual" considerations, or if the key driver
of EPA's action is otherwise debatable. Id., at 421; see also
id., at 419 ("The default presumption is that petitions for
review of locally or regionally applicable actions `may only
be fled in the United States Court of Appeal for the appro-
Page Proof Pending Publication
priate circuit' ").
2
In deciding whether a particular EPA action is "based on
a determination of nationwide scope or effect," courts should
assess EPA's reasoning de novo. This standard follows from
the structure of the "nationwide scope or effect" exception:
The exception applies only "if " a locally or regionally appli-
cable action is based on a determination of nationwide scope
or effect "and if " EPA, in taking the action, fnds and pub-
lishes that the action has this basis. (1). In other words, the CAA requires both that EPA
deem its action to have a qualifying basis and that the action
in fact have this basis. This dual formulation does not natu-
rally suggest that courts should simply give EPA's fnding
deference. Cf. Regalado Cuellar v. United States, (2008) (fnding it "implausible" to infer that Con-
gress intended a particular meaning, where it used a "more
complex formulation").
646 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

The upshot is that courts must "make an independent as-
sessment of the scope of [EPA's] determinations." Texas,
829 F. 3d, at 421. That is, they should parse the reasoning
offered by EPA in taking an action to decide which determi-
nations primarily drove the action. Courts routinely ana-
lyze flings to identify their substance, and the language of
the "nationwide scope or effect" exception directs them to
do the same here.
In so holding, we do not downplay the importance of EPA's
role. Because the "nationwide scope or effect" exception
can apply only when "EPA so fnds and publishes" that it
does, EPA can decide whether the exception is even poten-
tially relevant. Sierra Club, 47 F. 4th, at 746. And, where
EPA does invoke the exception, its explanation for doing so
will at a minimum focus the courts' assessment of the possi-
ble determinations of nationwide scope or effect.4 Thus,
EPA's choices will matter, even as courts must assess the
bases for EPA's actions themselves.
Page Proof Pending Publication
3
Applying this framework, we conclude that EPA's denials
of the small refneries' exemption petitions were based on
determinations of nationwide scope or effect. We agree
with EPA's fnding -- published in both its April and June de-
nial notices -- that its interpretation of the phrase "dispropor-
tionate economic hardship" under (9)(B)(i) and its
RIN passthrough theory were determinations of nationwide
4
This case does not present the question whether, given principles of
issue preservation, courts can forgo consideration of determinations that
EPA has not itself identifed as the basis for its action. Cf. SEC v. Chen-
ery Corp., (1943) (confning review of agency action "to a
judgment upon the validity of the grounds upon which the [agency] itself
based its action"). But, we expect this issue to be outcome dispositive
only in rare cases. As a practical matter, an action is unlikely to be based
on a particular determination where EPA has failed, in promulgating the
action, to identify that determination as the relevant determination of na-
tionwide scope or effect.
 Cite as: (2025) 647

Opinion of the Court

scope or effect that formed the core basis for EPA's denials.
Supra, at 634 -- 635.
Both conclusions are clear determinations of nationwide
scope or effect: EPA invoked both its statutory interpreta-
tion and its passthrough theory in justifying its denials, and
both points apply generically to all refneries, regardless of
their geographic location. After all, the CAA is a federal
statute, and (9)(B)(i) by its terms applies nation-
wide. Likewise, EPA's RIN passthrough theory is a fnding
about how the national refnery market works. See supra,
at 634.
These conclusions also can be deemed the "basis" for
EPA's denials here. EPA decided, in light of the foregoing
determinations, that it would presumptively deny all the ex-
emption petitions before it. Supra, at 634. It then consid-
ered other, refnery-specifc considerations only to confrm
that it had no reason to depart from its presumptive disposi-
tion. Supra, at 634 -- 635. In this posture, EPA's statutory
Page Proof Pending Publication
interpretation and passthrough theory plainly are the most
important parts of its reasoning. Or, put another way,
where EPA relies on determinations of nationwide scope or
effect to reach a presumptive resolution, those determina-
tions qualify as the primary driver of its decision. EPA's
confrmatory review of refnery-specifc facts is "[m]erely pe-
ripheral" by comparison. Texas, 829 F. 3d, at 419.
Accordingly, we agree with EPA that the "nationwide
scope or effect" exception applies here. The Fifth Circuit
should have transferred this case.

B
We are unpersuaded by the counterarguments raised by
EPA, respondents, the Fifth Circuit, and the dissent.
Although we agree with EPA's bottom-line position that
the "nationwide scope or effect" exception applies, we reject
its roundabout approach to the word "determination." EPA
argues that "[t]he word `determination' " in (1) "sug-
648 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

gests a resolution of an unsettled issue," such that EPA does
not make "determinations" when it "applies a previously es-
tablished agency rule, policy, or interpretation to new...
circumstances." Brief for Petitioner 41. We agree with
EPA that a "determination" here means the " `settling and
ending of a controversy,' " ibid.; supra, at 643, but nothing
in that term or its use in (1) suggests that only novel
conclusions count. Rather, given (1)'s focus on the
face of the agency action, "determination" is most naturally
read to cover any EPA conclusion within the four corners of
an action.
Moreover, we do not see how EPA's proposed approach
can be squared with its requested disposition. If a "deter-
mination" covers only the resolution of an unsettled issue, it
is not obvious why EPA's June denials contain any determi-
nations: EPA's June notice purported to "appl[y] the ap-
proach... adopted in the April" notice. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 80a. EPA attempts to avoid this diffculty by propos-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ing a holistic assessment of novelty that considers factors
such as "whether EPA announced the rule or policy at
roughly the same time as the challenged agency action it-
self." Brief for Petitioner 41. But, we do not see how this
amorphous test follows even from EPA's view.5
Respondents argue that the word "determination" in
(1) is a term of art, wherein an agency action can
trigger the "nationwide scope or effect" exception only if it
is undertaken based on a CAA provision that "textually di-
rect[s] EPA to make a `determination' for the entire nation."
Brief for Small Refnery Respondents 32 (emphasis deleted).
But, "determination" is "hardly a rarely used word," and
nothing in the CAA's context suggests that Congress meant

5
EPA also contends that (1)'s "based on" language speaks in
terms of but-for causation and that courts should assess the basis for
EPA's actions deferentially, through arbitrary-and-capricious review. For
the reasons already explained, we reject those contentions. Supra, at
644 -- 645.
 Cite as: (2025) 649

Opinion of the Court

for its use in (1) to reach only CAA provisions that
happen to use some variant of that word. Bruesewitz v.
Wyeth LLC, (2011). Such a limitation
would at best lead to arbitrary outcomes, as Congress did
not act in a standardized way when using "determination"
as opposed to other words. Compare (3) (not
speaking in terms of "determinations") with (6) (re-
quiring a "determination" when EPA "[c]orrect[s]" its ac-
tions under (3)). At worst, respondents' approach
would render the "nationwide scope or effect" exception
meaningless: Respondents have conceded that their term-of-
art view may render the exception "a null set, or close to a
null set." Tr. of Oral Arg. 103 -- 104. But, Congress would
not have gone to the trouble of creating a superfuous excep-
tion, so we will not "force [a] term-of-art defnitio[n]" where
it "plainly do[es] not ft." Gonzales v. Oregon, (2006) (Scalia, J., dissenting).
Page Proof Pending Publication
The dissent would similarly limit the "nationwide scope or
effect" exception to reach only statutorily enumerated deter-
minations, but its arguments fare no better. The dissent
highlights that various CAA substantive provisions require
EPA to make particular "determinations" before taking an
action. Post, at 653 -- 655, 659 -- 660 (opinion of Gorsuch, J.).
But, it does not follow that Congress meant to encompass only
statutorily enumerated determinations when it spoke gener-
ally in the exception of actions "based on a determination of
nationwide scope or effect." (1).
And, although some statutes " `distinguis[h] between "consid-
erations" that inform [a] "determination" and the "determina-
tion" itself,' " post, at 659 -- 660 ; alterations in original), stat-
utes like the one in Zuch use "determination" to refer to an
agency's ultimate decision, see id., at 428 -- 429. In asking
whether a determination supplies the basis for an EPA ac-
tion, (1) uses the term in a different sense. Like-
wise, the dissent's concern that our test could be diffcult for
650 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

"lower courts and lawyers to apply" is not a problem of our
creation. Post, at 660. Insofar as the reticulated venue
framework that Congress enacted creates diffculty for
courts or litigants, "it is a problem for Congress, not one
that federal courts can fx." Lewis v. Chicago, (2010).
Finally, we are unpersuaded by respondents' argument,
accepted by the Fifth Circuit, that the "nationwide scope or
effect" exception is inapplicable in light of EPA's consider-
ation of refnery-specifc facts. That exception requires that
an EPA action be "based on" a determination of nationwide
scope or effect, in contrast to another part of (1)
where Congress used the phrase "based solely on." Accord-
ingly, EPA's consideration of local facts does not preclude its
invocation of the exception, either generally or here. So
long as a determination of nationwide scope or effect served
as the primary driver of EPA's action, other, more "periph-
eral" determinations "are not relevant" for venue purposes.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Texas, 829 F. 3d, at 419.
* * *
We agree with the Fifth Circuit that EPA's actions here
are only locally or regionally applicable, although we clarify
that the relevant actions are EPA's individual denials of the
small refneries' exemption petitions. But, under a proper
understanding of (1), the "nationwide scope or ef-
fect" exception applies, and the case belongs in the D. C.
Circuit. The Fifth Circuit therefore erred in denying EPA's
request to transfer. The judgment of the Court of Appeals
is vacated, and the case is remanded for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
Justice Gorsuch, with whom The Chief Justice joins,
dissenting.
Though I would reach a different judgment, the Court and
I travel much of the way together. This case involves six
 Cite as: (2025) 651

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

small refneries. Each petitioned the Environmental Pro-
tection Agency for a hardship exemption from the Clean Air
Act's renewable fuel mandates. The agency denied all six
refneries' petitions. The question we face does not concern
the merits of what EPA did, only where the small refneries'
lawsuit challenging the agency's actions should be heard.
The Act instructs that litigation over "nationally applicable"
EPA "actions" belongs in the D. C. Circuit, while disputes
over "locally or regionally applicable" agency "actions" gen-
erally belong in a regional circuit. 42 U. S. C. (1).
In Parts I and II of its opinion, the Court concludes that
these rules presumptively route the dispute before us to a
regional circuit because EPA's decision to deny an individual
refnery's petition for a hardship exemption is a "locally or
regionally applicable" action. With all that, I agree.
But then, in Part III of its opinion, the Court pivots.
Even when a case challenges only a "locally or regionally
Page Proof Pending Publication
applicable" action, the Court observes, the Act routes it to
the D. C. Circuit if EPA's action "is based on a determination
of nationwide scope or effect." Applying a new multistep
test it announces, the Court concludes that EPA's actions at
issue here were based on such a determination. As a result,
the Court holds, the right venue for this case turns out to be
the D. C. Circuit after all.
In my view, that pivot is a mistake. The Clean Air Act's
venue provision works in harmony with its substantive pro-
visions. Throughout, those substantive provisions direct
EPA to make certain "determinations" before it may take
certain "actions." When it comes to acting on a small re-
fnery's hardship petition, nothing in the Act's substantive
provisions calls on EPA to make a "determination of nation-
wide scope or effect." Instead, the Act requires the agency
to evaluate only whether a particular small refnery seeking
an exemption would suffer a hardship without one. Accord-
ingly, the Act's venue provision routes this dispute to a re-
gional circuit, just as the Fifth Circuit recognized below.
652 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

The Court's new and reticulated test for assessing venue dis-
putes under the Act strikes me as both mistaken and likely
to render simple venue questions unnecessarily diffcult and
expensive to resolve.
I
Start with how I would analyze this case. The Clean Air
Act's venue provision, found in 42 U. S. C. (1), sup-
plies three basic rules. First, challenges to "nationally ap-
plicable" agency "action[s]" must be brought in the D. C. Cir-
cuit. Second, challenges to "locally or regionally" applicable
agency "action[s]" must be fled in the appropriate regional
circuit. Third, as an exception to the second rule, challenges
to locally or regionally applicable agency actions belong in
the D. C. Circuit if they are "based on a determination of
nationwide scope or effect." 1 The central question this case
poses concerns the relationship between the second and third
rules: When is a locally or regionally applicable "action"
Page Proof Pending Publication
under the Clean Air Act "based on a determination of nation-
wide scope or effect"?
As I see it, the Act itself supplies the answer. Working in
concert with the Act's venue provision, the Act's substantive
provisions tell us what kinds of "actions" the agency is law-
fully authorized to take and when those actions may be based
on "determinations of nationwide scope or effect." Here,
the relevant substantive provisions permit EPA to take a
specifc "action" -- namely, the granting or denying of a small
refnery's hardship petition. But, by their terms, those pro-
visions do not call for a nationwide "determination" when
the agency acts. Instead, the only decisions EPA must
make are refnery-specifc ones. Accordingly, the dispute
before us belongs in an appropriate regional circuit.

1
To implicate this exception, EPA must also certify its belief that its
action "is based on... a determination" of nationwide scope or effect.
(1). But that requirement is irrelevant in this case because all
agree that EPA satisfed it, so I will not address it further. Ante, at 642.
 Cite as: (2025) 653

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

A
To appreciate how the Act's substantive and venue provi-
sions interact, begin with a look at the substantive provi-
sions addressing the renewable fuel standards that lie at the
heart of this case.
As a rule, (2) requires the Nation's fuel supply to
include ethanol or other renewable fuels in fxed amounts
that increase over time. See HollyFrontier Cheyenne Re-
fning, LLC v. Renewable Fuels Assn., -- 
386 (2021). But the Act also permits EPA to take various
actions inconsistent with that general rule if it makes certain
determinations. So, for example, (7)(A)(i) allows
EPA to waive some renewable fuel mandates "based on a
determination" that enforcing them "would severely harm
the economy or environment of a State, a region, or the
United States." Similarly, EPA may waive renewable fuel
requirements "based on a determination... that there is
Page Proof Pending Publication
an inadequate domestic [fuel] supply." (7)(A)(ii).
Similarly again, (4)(C)(ii) and (iii) permit EPA to
waive other standards if it "determines that... extreme and
unusual... circumstances exist in a State or region." Be-
yond those examples, discusses various other actions
the agency may take after making various other determina-
tions. (In all, uses the word "determination" or one
of its cognates more than 70 times.)
Now apply these observations about 's substantive
provisions to the Act's venue provision. If, for example,
EPA waives a renewable fuel standard for a single State
under (7)(A)(i) "based on a determination" that "im-
plement[ing]" those standards "would severely harm the
economy... of a State," (1) would route disputes
over that action to the appropriate regional circuit. After
all, a determination about the economy of a particular State
is hardly one of "nationwide scope or effect." (1).
On the other hand, if EPA issues such a waiver based on a
"determination" that implementing the renewable fuel stand-
654 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

ard in question "would severely harm the economy [of] the
United States," (1) would channel any litigation over
that action to the D. C. Circuit.
The substantive provisions at issue in today's companion
case illustrate the same point. That litigation revolves
around federal air quality standards and the State Imple-
mentation Plans (SIPs) States must prepare to meet them.
See Oklahoma v. EPA, (2025). Section
7410 sets forth the general rules about what SIPs must con-
tain and how EPA must go about assessing them. But that
section also authorizes EPA to take certain actions inconsist-
ent with those rules after making certain determinations.
(For its part, uses "determination" or one of its cog-
nates more than 20 times.) So, for example, per-
mits EPA to "extend the period for [the] submission of any"
SIP for up to 18 months "wherever [the EPA Administrator]
determines necessary." And allows EPA to "dis-
Page Proof Pending Publication
approv[e]" a Governor's decision to suspend a SIP component
if the agency "determines" that his decision "does not meet"
certain statutory criteria (including whether the suspen-
sion is necessary "to prevent substantial increases in
unemployment").
Now consider where the Act's venue provision sends dis-
putes about EPA actions under these substantive provisions.
Suppose EPA determines that it is "necessary" to extend
the submission deadline for SIPs across the country, and the
agency acts accordingly pursuant to. In those cir-
cumstances, an argument might be made that (1)
routes disputes about that action to the D. C. Circuit. Cf.
Kentucky v. EPA, 123 F. 4th 447, 466 (CA6 2024). But if
EPA acts pursuant to to countermand a Governor's
decision to suspend a SIP component based on a determina-
tion that his decision defes the Act's terms, (1)
would likely send any dispute over that action to a regional
circuit.
 Cite as: (2025) 655

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

B
With that much in hand, return to the question whether
the Act's venue provision directs this lawsuit to a regional
circuit or the D. C. Circuit.
As we have seen, lays out the Act's substantive re-
newable fuel standards and generally requires refneries to
mix a certain (and regularly increasing) amount of renewable
fuels into the transportation fuel they produce. See Part I -- 
A, supra; HollyFrontier, 594 U. S., at 385 -- 386. But 
also allows EPA to exempt small refneries from these man-
dates "for the reason of disproportionate economic hardship."
(9)(B)(i). Seeking to take advantage of this provi-
sion, the six small refneries before us individually petitioned
EPA for hardship exemptions. See 86 F. 4th 1121, 1129 -- 
1130 (CA5 2023). In the end, the agency denied each refn-
ery's request. App. to Pet. for Cert. 251a -- 252a; id., at 305a -- 
310a. Now, the small refneries seek to challenge EPA's
Page Proof Pending Publication
actions in court. That challenge belongs in a regional circuit
because nothing in the Act's relevant substantive provisions
calls for EPA to act on a determination of nationwide scope
or effect.
Just walk through the substantive provisions addressing
small refneries one by one. To account for the fact that
small refneries may have more diffculty meeting evolving
renewable fuel mandates than their larger rivals, Congress
in 2005 granted them a blanket exemption until 2011. See
(9)(A); HollyFrontier, 594 U. S., at 386 -- 387. After
that, Congress directed EPA to extend a small refnery's ex-
emption "for a period of not less than 2 additional years" if
the "Secretary of Energy determines" that the refnery in
question "would be subject to a disproportionate economic
hardship if required to comply" with the Act's renewable fuel
mandates. (9)(A)(ii)(II). Even beyond that, Con-
gress permitted a small refnery to petition "at any time" for
"an extension" of its "exemption... for the reason of
656 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

disproportionate economic hardship." (9)(B)(i).
When it comes to deciding whether to grant or deny such a
petition, the Act directs EPA to "consul[t] with the Secretary
of Energy," consider his "determin[ation]" whether "a" par-
ticular "small refnery" would suffer "disproportionate eco-
nomic hardship if required to comply," and consider "other
economic factors." (9)(A)(ii), (B)(ii). Nowhere
does the Act call for a determination of nationwide scope or
effect. To the contrary, after the blanket exemption for
small refneries expired in 2011, all agency actions and deter-
minations became refnery-specifc ones.
Any doubt on that score is resolved by comparing these
substantive provisions with others we have encountered.
Section 7545(o)(7)(A), remember, allows EPA to waive cer-
tain renewable fuel standards "based on a determination...
that implementation of the requirement would severely harm
the economy or environment of... the United States," or
Page Proof Pending Publication
"based on a determination... that there is an inadequate
domestic [fuel] supply." As that provision illustrates, when
it wished to do so, Congress knew how to say that EPA may
take a certain action based on a determination of nationwide
scope or effect. That we have nothing like that here is a
telling sign that the small-refnery provisions work differ-
ently and do not task EPA with taking any nationally appli-
cable action or making any determination of nationwide
scope or effect. See Feliciano v. Department of Transpor-
tation, 605 U. S. -- -- -- , -- -- -- (2025).
EPA's own statements convey the same message. The
agency represents that it " `consider[s] each petition on the
merits' " and examines " `individual refnery information' "
when passing on individual hardship petitions. 86 F. 4th, at
1133. EPA represents, too, that it "determined that none of
the petitioning small refneries" merited a hardship exemp-
tion only after completing "a thorough evaluation of the data
and information provided" by each small refnery. Brief for
Petitioner 10; App. to Pet. for Cert. 94a -- 95a.
 Cite as: (2025) 657

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

To be sure, EPA also highlights two features of its adminis-
trative proceedings that, it says, prove the agency took a "na-
tionally applicable action," or at least made a "determination
of nationwide scope or effect." For one, EPA emphasizes
that it bundled the petitions from the six small refneries before
us together with a host of other similar petitions and dis-
patched them all in a pair of administrative decisions. See
Brief for Petitioner 28; 86 F. 4th, at 1129 -- 1130. For another,
the agency stresses that, in evaluating each refnery's petition,
it relied on a single interpretation of the statutory phrase " `dis-
proportionate economic hardship' " and a single economic
model (the agency's "RIN passthrough theory"). Ante, at 634.
The Court correctly holds that none of this transforms
EPA's challenged actions into "nationally applicable" actions.
Ante, at 640. Yes, the agency may choose to bundle peti-
tions together for administrative convenience. And, yes, the
agency may apply similar reasoning when faced with similar
Page Proof Pending Publication
petitions. But, as the Court recognizes, the only "action"
the Act's substantive provisions call on EPA to take is to
grant or deny an individual hardship petition -- and that is a
locally applicable action, not a national one. Ibid.
As I see it, this same insight defeats EPA's suggestion that
its actions were "based on a determination of nationwide
scope or effect." (1). As a matter of administra-
tive convenience, the agency may choose to address a num-
ber of petitions collectively rather than separately. And the
agency of course may (and, to avoid acting arbitrarily and
capriciously, generally must) apply consistent reasoning to
like petitions. But the Act's venue provision does not route
cases to one circuit or another based on how EPA packages
them or the quality or nature of its reasoning. Instead, the
Act's venue provision asks whether the agency based its ac-
tion on a determination of nationwide scope or effect. And,
as the Act's substantive provisions make clear, EPA does no
such thing when it passes on an individual small refnery's
hardship petition.
658 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

II
Turn now to how the Court resolves this case. As we
have seen, the Court frst holds that EPA's decision whether
to grant or deny an individual small refnery's hardship peti-
tion is a locally or regionally applicable "action." See Part
II, ante. Accordingly, the Court starts with the (correct)
presumption that the suit before us belongs in a regional
circuit. Ibid. But then, the Court reverses course. While
EPA's challenged actions are local or regional ones, the
Court concludes, this case belongs in the D. C. Circuit be-
cause the agency's actions were "based on a determination
of nationwide scope or effect." See Part III, ante. That
portion of the Court's opinion strikes me as both mistaken
and likely to cause confusion about where Clean Air Act dis-
putes should be heard.
To understand why, consider how the Court proceeds.
Pursuing what it calls an "ordinary-meaning" approach, the
Page Proof Pending Publication
Court observes that the word "determination" often refers
to the " `settling and ending of a controversy.' " Ante, at 643
). Extrapolating from that dictionary defnition, the
Court reasons that "any EPA conclusion within the four
corners of an action" qualifes as a "determination." Ante,
at 648.
But, the Court continues, whether an action is " `based
on' " a conclusion of nationwide scope or effect depends on a
"degree of causality." Ante, at 644. Nor will just any
degree of causality do. Proving that some nationwide con-
clusion (or now, the Court adds, "justifcation" or "reason-
ing") is the "but-for" cause of the agency's action will not
suffce. Ante, at 644 -- 645. Instead, EPA must establish
that some nationwide conclusion (or justifcation or reason-
ing) qualifes as the "gravamen" or "core" or "driver" of its
action. Ibid.. And
when EPA's actions rely "in signifcant part on... `intensely
factual' considerations" or when "the key driver of EPA's
 Cite as: (2025) 659

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

action is otherwise debatable," that standard will not be sat-
isfed. Ante, at 645.
Applying all those ideas to this case, the Court holds that
all of EPA's challenged actions were based on a determina-
tion of nationwide scope or effect. That is so, the Court
says, because EPA's actions (its decisions to deny the small
refneries' petitions) rested at their "core" on a common (or
"nationwide") understanding of the statutory phrase " `dis-
proportionate economic hardship' " and a common (or "na-
tionwide") economic model. Ante, at 646 -- 647 (9) (B)(i)). To be sure, the Court acknowledges, the
agency also undertook a "review of refnery-specifc facts."
Ante, at 647. But on the Court's account, those "refnery-
specifc facts" mattered less to the outcomes here than EPA's
statutory interpretation and its economic model. Ibid.
I fnd that chain of reasoning unpersuasive for a few rea-
sons. For one thing, it seems to me pretty far afeld from
Page Proof Pending Publication
the statutory text. As we have seen, the Clean Air Act's
venue provision speaks of actions and determinations, and
the Act's substantive provisions do too. And when a sub-
stantive provision calls for either a nationally applicable "ac-
tion" or a "determination" of nationwide scope or effect, it
says so. To decide where a case belongs, then, no special
judicially devised test is required. Instead, lawyers and
judges need only open the statute books, fnd the relevant
substantive provision, and follow its lead. As we have seen,
the Court takes just this approach when addressing the
meaning of the term "action" in the Act's venue provision.
There, it concludes EPA took no nationally applicable "ac-
tion" because the Act's substantive provisions "pe[g]" an ac-
tion to a decision to grant or deny an individual hardship peti-
tion. Ante, at 639 -- 640; see Part I -- B, supra. On my view, we
should employ that same statute-driven approach to the
meaning of "a determination of nationwide scope or effect."
For another thing, the Court's test confates a determina-
tion with the reasons that inform it. Statutes often "distin-
660 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

guis[h] between `considerations' that inform [a] `determina-
tion' and the `determination' itself." Commissioner v.
Zuch, (2025) (alteration omitted). The
Clean Air Act is no different. It authorizes EPA to take
certain actions (like waiving renewable fuel mandates or dis-
approving a single Governor's suspension of a SIP compo-
nent). The Act authorizes those actions if certain determi-
nations are made (like a determination that enforcing the
renewable fuel mandates would severely harm the national
economy or a determination that a Governor's partial SIP
suspension doesn't satisfy certain criteria). And to support
its determinations, the agency may offer any number of rea-
sons. To avoid accusations of arbitrary and capricious deci-
sionmaking, too, the agency will usually employ consistent
reasoning in like cases. See, e. g., Encino Motorcars, LLC
v. Navarro, (2016). But none of that
means we should confate the determinations EPA must
Page Proof Pending Publication
make under the Act with the reasons the agency offers to
support them.
For another thing still, I worry that the Court's test will
prove tough for lower courts and lawyers to apply in prac-
tice. Having confated a "determination" with the agency's
underlying reasoning, the Court must fnd some way to go
about sorting and weighing all the reasons EPA may ad-
vance. But just consider what its approach entails. First,
lawyers and judges must consult the full scope of the
agency's reasoning (in this case, reasoning that runs over 280
pages). See App. to Pet. for Cert. 44a -- 330a. Next, lawyers
and judges must "parse" out which aspects of that reasoning
are particular to a locality or region and which are national
in scope or effect. Ante, at 646. Finally, lawyers and
judges must weigh those two sets of reasons against each
other and decide which set was the true "driver" of the
agency's decision and which was more "peripheral" to it.
Ante, at 647.
 Cite as: (2025) 661

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

" `[L]itigation over whether the case is in the right court
is essentially a waste of time and resources.' " Navarro
Savings Assn. v. Lee, (1980). When
it comes to the simple preliminary question where a case
should be fled, the rules of the road should be "clear and
easy to apply." Hamer v. Neighborhood Housing Servs. of
Chicago, (2017); see Hertz Corp. v. Friend,
-- 95 (2010). The test the Court announces
today can claim neither of those virtues. For the lawyers
and judges tasked with applying it, I can only wish them
luck.
III
To get a sense of the challenges the Court's test poses for
future litigants and lower courts, compare this case to its
companion. See Oklahoma v. EPA, (2025).
As we have seen, that dispute involves SIPs, plans States
must submit to EPA outlining how they intend to comply
Page Proof Pending Publication
with national air quality standards. See Part I -- A, supra;. Among other things, a State's SIP must address the
Act's "Good Neighbor Provision." Ohio v. EPA, -- 284 (2024). Because "air currents can carry pollu-
tion across state borders," id., at 283, that provision requires
each SIP to contain "adequate" measures to prevent in-state
"emissions activity" from interfering with other States' abil-
ity to satisfy federal air quality standards, (2)(D).
In a single rule, EPA rejected 21 SIPs -- including Utah's and
Oklahoma's -- because, in the agency's view, none satisfed the
Act's Good Neighbor provision. Oklahoma, 605 U. S., at 616
). Now, Oklahoma, Utah, and
certain industry groups seek to challenge EPA's actions in
court, and they argue that their litigation belongs in a re-
gional circuit. Oklahoma, 605 U. S., at 617.
EPA responds that the SIPs case is, in every way that
matters, like the small refneries' case and thus belongs in
the D. C. Circuit too. After all, the agency points out, it
662 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

employed a common statutory interpretation and a common
methodology to assess each State's proposed SIP -- just as it
did when considering the small refneries' petitions. If the
one case belongs in the D. C. Circuit, EPA argues, so must
the other. See Brief for Federal Respondents in No. 23 -- 
1067 etc., pp. 30, 34 -- 36; Tr. of Oral Arg. in Oklahoma v. EPA,
O. T. 2024, No. 23 -- 1067 etc., pp. 39, 47.
Along those lines, EPA observes that, in assessing each
SIP, it asked whether the state plan before it would contrib-
ute more than "1% of the permissible ozone level to a down-
wind State." Oklahoma, 605 U. S., at 624 -- 625; Brief for
Federal Respondents in No. 23 -- 1067 etc., at 9, 35. In prac-
tice, EPA argues, that 1% threshold proved critical. SIPs
that "fell under the 1 percent de minimis threshold" were
"approved on [that] ground." Tr. of Oral Arg. in No. 23 -- 
1067 etc., at 38 -- 39. Meanwhile, all (or nearly all) the SIPs
that exceeded the 1% threshold -- including Oklahoma's and
Utah's -- were rejected. See Brief for Federal Respondents
Page Proof Pending Publication
in No. 23 -- 1067 etc., at 7; Brief for State of New York et al.
as Amici Curiae in No. 23 -- 1067 etc., pp. 24 -- 25,. Ac-
cordingly, the agency argues, even if it took a local or re-
gional "action" with respect to each SIP, nationwide deter-
minations proved "essential to EPA's reasoning in
disapproving the state plans." Brief for Federal Respond-
ents in No. 23 -- 1067 etc., at 37.
The Court disagrees. As it must under the test it an-
nounces, the Court begins by consulting all the various rea-
sons EPA offered (some 60-plus pages of them appear in the
Federal Register). Oklahoma, 605 U. S., at 622 -- 625.2 In
doing so, the Court acknowledges that EPA used a common
(or nationwide) statutory interpretation and a common (or
nationwide) methodology when assessing all of the SIPs.
See id., at 621. The Court recognizes, too, that the 1%
2
See 88 Fed. Reg. 9336 (omnibus rule); 87 Fed. Reg. 31470 (2022) (Air
Plan Disapproval; Utah); id., at 9798 (Air Plan Disapproval; Arkansas,
Louisiana, Oklahoma, and Texas).
 Cite as: (2025) 663

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

threshold played a signifcant role in separating the SIPs
EPA approved from those it rejected. See id., at 624 -- 625.
Still, when it comes to weighing the role that EPA's common
(or nationwide) justifcations played, the Court concludes,
they were not the "primary drivers" of the agency's chal-
lenged actions. Id., at 624. Instead, "factual determina-
tions particular to the State at issue" predominated. Id.,
at 622. Relying on that
assessment, the Court holds that Oklahoma's and Utah's law-
suit challenging EPA's rejection of their SIPs belongs in a
regional circuit. Id., at 625.
Maybe that's right. But I can certainly imagine arriving
at the opposite outcome under the Court's test. After all,
EPA used a common statutory interpretation and a common
methodology when assessing all of the SIPs, proceeding
much as it did when evaluating the small refneries' hardship
petitions. In both cases, too, the agency factored in certain
Page Proof Pending Publication
local considerations, like individual "Stat[e] circumstances"
in the SIPs case, id., at 623, and individualized "data and
information" in the small refneries' case, App. to Pet. for
Cert. 94a -- 95a. Of course, the Court thinks EPA leaned
more heavily on individualized reasons in the SIPs case, and
more heavily on common ones in the small refneries' case.
Oklahoma, 605 U. S., at 623 -- 624. But without any objective
standard for weighing which predominates, there seems to
me ample room for good-faith disagreement between liti-
gants and among lower courts. And it is just that kind of
ambiguity that promises protracted and expensive venue liti-
gation going forward.
To avoid that problem, I would resolve the SIPs case the
same way I would resolve the small refneries' case: by look-
ing to the Act itself. Section 7410(k)(3) requires EPA to ap-
prove or disapprove SIPs and, in passing on them, to assess
whether each individual State has or has not complied with
its obligations under federal law. See id., at 615. Nowhere
does that substantive provision call for a nationally applica-
664 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Gorsuch, J., dissenting

ble action or task EPA with making a determination of na-
tionwide scope or effect. And no more is needed to know
that, under the Act's venue provision, the SIPs dispute be-
fore us belongs in a regional circuit. Id., at 626 (Gorsuch,
J., concurring in judgment).
*
At the end of the day, venue rules are like traffc laws.
They simply tell litigants where to go, and they should be
easy to follow. As I read it, the Clean Air Act provides a
clear rule for cases like this one. Applying that rule here,
I would direct the parties to the appropriate regional circuit.
The Court doing otherwise, I respectfully dissent.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 605 U. S. Part 2
Pages 609 -- 626

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 18, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 609

Syllabus

OKLAHOMA et al. v. ENVIRONMENTAL
PROTECTION AGENCY et al.
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the tenth circuit
No. 23 -- 1067. Argued March 25, 2025 -- Decided June 18, 2025*
The Clean Air Act (CAA) channels challenges to Environmental Protec-
tion Agency (EPA) actions to the U. S. Court of Appeals for the D. C.
Circuit if the actions are "nationally applicable," and to a regional
Circuit if they are "locally or regionally applicable." 42 U. S. C.
(1). The CAA contains an exception for certain "locally or re-
gionally applicable" actions "based on a determination of nationwide
scope or effect," which also must be brought in the D. C. Circuit. Ibid.
In 2015, EPA revised the national ambient air quality standards
(NAAQS) for ozone to be more stringent. Each State submitted a state
implementation plan (SIP) detailing how it would comply with the
CAA's "Good Neighbor" provision, which requires SIPs to "contain ade-
quate provisions" "prohibiting" in-state emissions activity that would
Page Proof Pending Publication
interfere with other States' NAAQS compliance. (2)(D)(i)(I).
EPA ultimately disapproved 21 States' SIPs for failure to comply with
the Good Neighbor provision. These States had asserted they did not
need to propose new emissions-reduction measures, but EPA disagreed
after considering the "contents of each individual state's submission"
"on its own merits" and making individual determinations for each SIP.
88 Fed. Reg. 9354.
EPA aggregated its disapprovals into one omnibus Federal Register
rule describing EPA's "4-step framework" for evaluating SIP submis-
sions. EPA asserted in the rule that its disapprovals would be review-
able only in the D. C. Circuit as either nationally applicable actions or,
alternatively, as locally or regionally applicable actions falling within
the "nationwide scope or effect" exception based on EPA's use of "the
same, nationally consistent 4-step... framework" and its evaluation for
"national consistency." Id., at 9380 -- 9381.
States and industry petitioners challenged EPA's SIP disapprovals in
regional Circuits. Of fve Circuits to resolve EPA's motions to dismiss
or transfer, four found regional Circuit review proper. Only the Tenth
Circuit disagreed, granting EPA's motion to transfer suits by Oklahoma

*Together with No. 23 -- 1068, PacifCorp et al. v. Environmental Protec-
tion Agency et al., also on certiorari to the same court.
610 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Syllabus

and Utah. The Tenth Circuit concluded that EPA's omnibus rule consti-
tuted a single, nationally applicable action because it covered "21 states
across the country" and refected EPA's application of "a uniform statu-
tory interpretation and common analytical methods." 93 F. 4th 1262,
1266.
Held: EPA's disapprovals of the Oklahoma and Utah SIPs are locally or re-
gionally applicable actions reviewable in a regional Circuit. Pp. 618 -- 625.
(a) Applying the framework from EPA v. Calumet Shreveport Refn-
ing, L.L.C., venue determination under (1) re-
quires a two-step inquiry. First, courts identify the relevant EPA "ac-
tion" and ask whether it is "nationally applicable" or only "locally or
regionally applicable." If nationally applicable, challenges belong in
the D. C. Circuit. If locally or regionally applicable, courts proceed to
the second step to determine whether the "nationwide scope or effect"
exception applies to override the default rule of regional Circuit review.
An "action" under (1) is a "particular exercis[e] of EPA au-
thority undertaken pursuant to [a] particular CAA provisio[n]." Id., at
637. Courts determine the relevant "action" by reference to the CAA
provision under which EPA acted, not how EPA presented its decision.
Each EPA SIP approval constitutes its own "action." Section
Page Proof Pending Publication
7607(b)(1) enumerates an individual SIP approval as an example of a
locally or regionally applicable action, referring expressly to EPA's "ac-
tion in approving... any implementation plan under section 7410." It
follows that each EPA SIP disapproval is also its own action, since EPA
undertakes SIP disapprovals pursuant to the same CAA authority un-
derlying SIP approvals. Section 7410 directs each State to adopt and
submit a plan for NAAQS implementation and directs EPA to either
approve or disapprove it. Thus, EPA's approvals and disapprovals are
opposite sides of the same coin.
The two SIP disapprovals here are undisputedly locally or regionally
applicable actions. A SIP is a state-specifc plan, so an EPA disap-
proval on its face applies only to the State that proposed the SIP. An
EPA decision on an individual SIP "is the prototypical `locally or region-
ally applicable' action." American Road & Transp. Builders Assn. v.
EPA, 705 F. 3d 453, 455. Pp. 618 -- 620.
(b) EPA's and the Tenth Circuit's contrary arguments fail. Section
7607(b)(1) "makes the CAA's framing of the relevant `action' controlling,
regardless of how EPA chooses to package its decisions in the Federal
Register." Calumet, 605 U. S., at 638. Although EPA was free to ag-
gregate its SIP disapprovals into one rule, that aggregation has no sig-
nifcance for venue purposes. The Tenth Circuit's view that EPA's "ac-
tion" is whatever it has "chosen to issue," 93 F. 4th, at 1267, fails to
 Cite as: (2025) 611

Syllabus

grapple with what (1) means by "action," which is defned by
reference to the underlying CAA provision, not EPA's stylization, Calu-
met, 605 U. S., at 637.
The Tenth Circuit also erred in deeming EPA's actions nationally ap-
plicable based on EPA's use of "uniform statutory interpretation and
common analytical methods." 93 F. 4th, at 1266. The "applicability"
of an action turns on its formal geographical scope. An action "applies"
nationally only if, on its face, it has binding effect throughout the coun-
try. Calumet, 605 U. S., at 638 -- 639. EPA's interpretive and analytical
methodology goes to its underlying reasoning, which matters only at
the second (1) step. Pp. 621 -- 622.
(c) Because EPA's SIP disapprovals are locally or regionally applica-
ble, the Court must determine whether the "nationwide scope or effect"
exception applies. This exception requires that (1) the action "is based
on a determination of nationwide scope or effect," and (2) EPA "fnds
and publishes that such action is based on such a determination."
(1). The second requirement is satisfed because EPA included
an express fnding in its Federal Register notice. The Court holds that
EPA's SIP disapprovals were not based on any determination of nation-
wide scope or effect.
This requirement is met only if "a justifcation of nationwide breadth
Page Proof Pending Publication
is the primary explanation for and driver of EPA's action." Calumet,
605 U. S., at 645. Such a justifcation "does not rise to this level if EPA
also relied in signifcant part on other, `intensely factual' considerations,
or if the key driver of EPA's action is otherwise debatable." Ibid.
EPA's disapprovals fall into the latter category.
EPA's omnibus rule makes clear that its SIP disapprovals were based
on "a number of intensely factual determinations" particular to each
State. Texas v. EPA, 829 F. 3d 405, 421. EPA evaluated the contents
of each SIP "on their own merits," considering state-specifc facts and
information available to each State. 88 Fed. Reg. 9354. From this
state-specifc analysis, EPA produced for each State a unique list of
"bases for disapproval." Ibid. For Oklahoma, EPA rejected its at-
tempt to disclaim responsibility for certain emissions in Texas and
faulted it for "insuffcient evaluation of additional emissions control op-
portunities." Id., at 9359. For Utah, EPA found inadequate justifca-
tion for Utah's attempt to discount certain emissions in Colorado, as
well as "technical and legal faws in the State's arguments" regarding
various emissions considerations. Id., at 9360.
This state-specifc analysis contrasts sharply with EPA's justifcations
in Calumet, where EPA made determinations that applied uniformly to
all small refneries and used them to reach a presumptive conclusion,
considering refnery-specifc facts only to confrm that there is no reason
612 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Syllabus

to depart from the presumptive disposition. Here, no nationwide factor
settles EPA's ultimate decisions. Instead, EPA disapproved Oklaho-
ma's and Utah's SIPs after conducting predominantly fact-intensive,
state-specifc analysis.
The four determinations EPA proffers -- use of updated 2016-based
modeling, application of a 1% contribution threshold, determination that
other States' contributions could not excuse analyzing whether their
own emissions signifcantly contribute downwind, and its position that
States cannot rely on emission-reduction measures not incorporated into
state plans -- qualify as determinations of nationwide scope or effect.
But these conclusions are at most heuristics that aided EPA's analysis
rather than primary drivers of the disapprovals. None makes clear
why EPA concluded that Oklahoma and Utah had produced inadequate
proposals for Good Neighbor compliance. For example, EPA's 1% con-
tribution threshold was used only for "screening" purposes to determine
when further evaluation was needed, but "there was still a lot of work
to be done" before EPA could issue disapprovals. Tr. of Oral Arg. 38.
Pp. 622 -- 625.
93 F. 4th 1262, reversed and remanded.

Page Proof Pending Publication
Thomas, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Sotomayor,
Kagan, Kavanaugh, Barrett, and Jackson, JJ., joined. Gorsuch, J.,
fled an opinion concurring in the judgment, in which Roberts, C. J.,
joined, post, p. 626. Alito, J., took no part in the consideration or decision
of the cases.

Mithun Mansinghani argued the cause for petitioners in
No. 23 -- 1067. With him on the briefs were Gentner Drum-
mond, Attorney General of Oklahoma, Garry M. Gaskins II,
Solicitor General, Jennifer L. Lewis, Deputy Attorney Gen-
eral, Sean D. Reyes, former Attorney General of Utah, Derek
Brown, Attorney General, Stanford E. Purser, Solicitor Gen-
eral, William L. Wehrum, Emily C. Schilling, Kristina R.
Van Bockern, Michael B. Schon, and Drew F. Waldbeser.
Misha Tseytlin argued the cause for petitioners in No. 23 -- 
1068. With him on the briefs were Jeff P. Johnson, Kevin
M. LeRoy, Megan Berge, Aaron M. Streett, J. Mark Little,
David C. Reymann, Marie Bradshaw Durrant, Christian C.
Stephens, Carroll Wade McGuffey III, Artemis D. Vamia-
nakis, Alan I. Robbins, and Debra D. Roby.
 Cite as: (2025) 613

Counsel

Deputy Solicitor General Stewart argued the cause for re-
spondents in both cases. With him on the brief were Solici-
tor General Prelogar, Acting Assistant Attorney General
Konschnik, Aimee W. Brown, Alexandra L. St. Romain, Su-
sannah Weaver, Matthew Marks, Rosemary H. Kaban, and
Emily Seidman.†

†A brief of amici curiae urging reversal in both cases was fled for the
State of Arkansas et al. by Tim Griffn, Attorney General of Arkansas,
Nicholas J. Bronni, Solicitor General, Dylan L. Jacobs, Deputy Solicitor
General, and Asher L. Steinberg, Senior Assistant Solicitor General, and
by the Attorneys General for their respective States as follows: Steve Mar-
shall of Alabama, Treg Taylor of Alaska, Ashley Moody of Florida, Chris-
topher Carr of Georgia, Raúl Labrador of Idaho, Theodore E. Rokita of
Indiana, Brenna Bird of Iowa, Kris W. Kobach of Kansas, Liz Murrill of
Louisiana, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Andrew Bailey of Missouri, Austin
Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Drew H. Wrigley
of North Dakota, Dave Yost of Ohio, Alan Wilson of South Carolina,
Marty Jackley of South Dakota, Jonathan Skrmetti of Tennessee, Ken
Page Proof Pending Publication
Paxton of Texas, Jason S. Miyares of Virginia, Patrick Morrisey of West
Virginia, and Bridget Hill of Wyoming. Jennifer L. Mascott and R. Trent
McCotter fled a brief for Sen. Mike Lee et al. as amici curiae urging
reversal in No. 23 -- 1067.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance in both cases were fled for the
State of New York et al. by Letitia James, Attorney General of New York,
Barbara D. Underwood, Solicitor General, Judith N. Vale, Deputy Solicitor
General, Elizabeth A. Brody, Assistant Solicitor General, and Morgan A.
Costello and Claiborne E. Walthall, Assistant Attorneys General, by
Christian Menefee, and by the Attorneys General for their respective ju-
risdictions as follows: Kris Mayes of Arizona, William Tong of Connecti-
cut, Kathleen Jennings of Delaware, Brian L. Schwalb of the District of
Columbia, Anne E. Lopez of Hawaii, Kwame Raoul of Illinois, Aaron M.
Frey of Maine, Anthony G. Brown of Maryland, Andrea Joy Campbell of
Massachusetts, Dana Nessel of Michigan, Matthew J. Platkin of New Jer-
sey, Raúl Torrez of New Mexico, Dan Rayfeld of Oregon, Peter F. Ner-
onha of Rhode Island, Charity R. Clark of Vermont, Nicholas W. Brown
of Washington, and Joshua L. Kaul of Wisconsin; and for Jonathan Cannon
et al. by Matthew J. Sanders and Deborah A. Sivas.
Jeremy C. Marwell, Jennifer B. Dickey, Andrew R. Varcoe, and Eric
Groten fled a brief for the Chamber of Commerce of the United States of
America as amicus curiae in both cases.
614 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

Justice Thomas delivered the opinion of the Court.
Petitioners seek judicial review of the Environmental Pro-
tection Agency's (EPA's) disapprovals of two state emissions-
control plans. These cases require us to decide the proper
venue for their challenges. The Clean Air Act (CAA) chan-
nels these challenges to the U. S. Court of Appeals for the
D. C. Circuit if EPA's disapprovals are "nationally applica-
ble," and to a regional Circuit if they are "locally or region-
ally applicable." 42 U. S. C. (1). But, the CAA
contains an exception for certain "locally or regionally appli-
cable" actions "based on a determination of nationwide scope
or effect," which also must be brought in the D. C. Circuit.
Ibid. Applying the interpretation of (1) that we
outlined today in EPA v. Calumet Shreveport Refning,
L.L.C., (2025), we hold that EPA's disapprovals
are locally or regionally applicable actions reviewable in a
regional Circuit.
Page Proof Pending Publication I
A
The CAA's venue provision, (1), dictates where
petitioners should challenge EPA actions taken under that
statute. This provision enumerates certain "nationally ap-
plicable" actions that must be brought in the D. C. Circuit,
and certain "locally or regionally applicable" actions that
must be brought in a regional Circuit. (1). It then
provides catchall clauses requiring the same treatment of all
other "nationally applicable" and "locally or regionally appli-
cable" actions. Ibid. But, (1) includes one excep-
tion to its default rule for locally or regionally applicable
actions: A challenge to such an action belongs in the D. C.
Circuit if (1) it "is based on a determination of nationwide
scope or effect," and (2) "in taking such action [EPA] fnds
and publishes that such action is based on such a determina-
tion." Ibid.
 Cite as: (2025) 615

Opinion of the Court

In Calumet, we explained that determining venue under
(1) requires a two-step inquiry. 605 U. S., at 636.
At the frst step, we identify the relevant EPA "action" and
ask whether it is "nationally applicable" or only "locally or
regionally applicable." (1). If the action is "na-
tionally applicable," then any challenge to it belongs in the
D. C. Circuit. Ibid. But, if the action is "locally or region-
ally applicable," then we proceed to the second step, where
we ask whether the "nationwide scope or effect" exception
applies to override (1)'s default rule that "locally or
regionally applicable" actions are reviewable only in the re-
gional Circuits. Ibid. If the exception applies, then any
challenge to the action must be brought in the D. C. Cir-
cuit. Ibid.
B
These cases arise from EPA's review of "State implemen-
tation plans" (SIPs) -- i. e., state proposals for how to comply
Page Proof Pending Publication
with an EPA "national primary or secondary ambient air
quality standard" (NAAQS). See. The CAA makes
the SIP process one of federal-state collaboration. EPA
frst sets a NAAQS, which "represents `the maximum air-
borne concentration of [a] pollutant that the public health can
tolerate.' " West Virginia v. EPA, (2022);
see. But, States bear "primary responsibility" for
deciding how a NAAQS should be attained. (3).
States must propose SIPs that "provid[e] for [the] implemen-
tation, maintenance, and enforcement" of a NAAQS within
their jurisdictions. (1). EPA then approves or dis-
approves each SIP based on whether it meets the "applicable
requirements" of the CAA. (3). If EPA disap-
proves a SIP, then EPA must issue a "[f]ederal implementa-
tion plan" for that State within two years. (1). A
State can avoid this outcome only if it "corrects the def-
ciency" and gains EPA approval for its revised SIP before
EPA promulgates the federal plan. Ibid.
616 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

In 2015, EPA triggered the SIP process by revising the
NAAQS for ozone to be more stringent. 80 Fed. Reg. 65294.
Each State in turn submitted a SIP, which, as relevant here,
detailed how the submitting State would comply with the
CAA's "Good Neighbor " provision, (2)(D)(i)(I).
That provision accounts for the "externality" that "[b]ecause
air currents can carry pollution across state borders, emis-
sions in upwind States sometimes affect air quality in down-
wind States." Ohio v. EPA, -- 284 (2024).
In particular, the provision requires SIPs to "contain ade-
quate provisions... prohibiting" in-state "emissions activ-
ity" that would interfere with other States' NAAQS compli-
ance. (2)(D)(i)(I).
EPA ultimately disapproved 21 States' SIPs for failure to
comply with the "Good Neighbor" provision. 88 Fed. Reg.
9336 (2023). These States had all asserted in their SIPs that
they did not need to propose new emissions-reduction meas-
ures in light of the new NAAQS. But, after considering
Page Proof Pending Publication
"the contents of each individual state's submission... on
their own merits" and making an individual determination
with respect to each SIP, EPA disagreed. Id., at 9354.
After making its individual determinations, EPA aggre-
gated its disapprovals into one omnibus Federal Register
rule. Id., at 9337 -- 9338. The rule began by describing
EPA's "4-step framework" for evaluating SIP submissions,
although EPA noted that it had also permitted States to
"presen[t] alternative approaches." Id., at 9338.1 EPA
then provided for each State a "brief, high level overview"
1
Under EPA's four-step framework, the agency (1) identifes monitoring
sites that will likely have diffculty meeting the NAAQS; (2) identifes
upwind States that "impact those air quality problems... suffciently such
that the states are considered `linked' and therefore warrant further re-
view and analysis"; (3) "identif[ies] the emissions reductions necessary (if
any)... to eliminate each linked upwind state's signifcant contribution"
to excess ozone at the downwind monitoring sites; and (4) "adopt[s] perma-
nent and enforceable measures needed to achieve those emissions reduc-
tions." 88 Fed. Reg. 9338.
 Cite as: (2025) 617

Opinion of the Court

of its "evaluation and key bases for disapproval," while di-
recting readers to the "relevant Federal Register notifca-
tions of proposed disapproval for each state" and certain
other documents for the "full basis for the EPA's disapprov-
als." Id., at 9354 (boldface deleted).
In its rule, EPA also asserted that its disapprovals would
be reviewable only in the D. C. Circuit. According to EPA,
the rule was a nationally applicable action under (1).
Id., at 9380. Alternatively, EPA made a fnding that, if the
rule was only locally or regionally applicable, then it fell
within the " `nationwide scope or effect' " exception. EPA
identifed as qualifying determinations of nationwide scope
or effect its use of "the same, nationally consistent 4-step...
framework," as well as its evaluation of States' alternative
approaches "with an eye to ensuring national consistency
and avoiding inconsistent or inequitable results." Id., at
9380 -- 9381.
Disregarding EPA's conclusions, States and energy-
Page Proof Pending Publication
industry petitioners challenged EPA's SIP disapprovals in
the regional Circuits. EPA moved to dismiss these chal-
lenges or to transfer them to the D. C. Circuit, but its efforts
have been largely unsuccessful. Of the fve Circuits to re-
solve EPA's motions, four have found that regional Circuit
review is proper.2
Only the Tenth Circuit disagreed, granting EPA's motion
to transfer suits brought by the States of Oklahoma and
Utah and by industry petitioners (collectively, petitioners).
93 F. 4th 1262, 1264 (2024). In its view, EPA's omnibus rule
disapproving the 21 SIPs constituted a single, nationally ap-
plicable action. Id., at 1266. Rejecting petitioners' conten-
tion that each individual SIP disapproval constitutes its own
"action," the Tenth Circuit concluded that the relevant "ac-
2
See West Virginia v. EPA, 90 F. 4th 323, 325 (CA4 2024); Texas v. EPA,
132 F. 4th 808, 830 (CA5 2025); Kentucky v. EPA, 123 F. 4th 447, 452 (CA6
2024); Order in Arkansas v. EPA, No. 23 -- 1320, ECF Doc. 5269098 (CA8,
Apr. 25, 2023).
618 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

tion" is simply whatever EPA has "chosen to issue." Id., at
1267. Thus, because EPA had grouped its disapprovals into
a single rule, that rule constituted the "action" at hand. See
id., at 1266 -- 1267. And, the Tenth Circuit concluded, this ac-
tion was nationally applicable given both its geographical
breadth and the nature of its analysis: EPA's rule covered
"21 states across the country" and refected EPA's "appli[ca-
tion of] a uniform statutory interpretation and common ana-
lytical methods." Id., at 1266. The Tenth Circuit accord-
ingly transferred petitioners' challenges to the D. C. Circuit.
Id., at 1264. We granted certiorari to review that transfer
decision. (2024).
II
Applying our Calumet framework, we begin with the frst
step of the (1) inquiry. As explained, at this step,
we must identify the relevant EPA "action" and then decide
whether it is nationally applicable or only locally or region-
Page Proof Pending Publication
ally applicable. 605 U. S., at 636 -- 639. We conclude that the
EPA "action" in these cases is not EPA's omnibus rule, but
rather its individual denials of the Oklahoma and Utah SIPs.
Clearly, these denials are locally or regionally applicable.
A
As we recognized in Calumet, "[b]ecause (1) pegs
venue to the scope of the EPA action being challenged, our
threshold task is to identify the `action' at issue." Id., at
636. Only when we understand the relevant "action" can
we decide whether it is nationally applicable or locally or
regionally applicable -- that is, whether it facially applies
"throughout the entire country, or only to particular locali-
ties or regions." Id., at 638. Here, as in Calumet, our reso-
lution of the threshold question effectively resolves the
proper classifcation.3
3
As in Calumet, we need not decide the precise line between a "na-
tionally applicable" and a "locally or regionally applicable" action un-
der (1). That question may raise diffcult questions in edge cases
 Cite as: (2025) 619

Opinion of the Court

An "action" under (1) is a "particular exercis[e] of
EPA authority undertaken pursuant to [a] particular CAA
provisio[n]." Id., at 637. We thus determine the relevant
"action" by reference to the CAA provision under which
EPA has acted. This focus on the operative CAA provision
means that the relevant "action" will not necessarily track
how EPA has presented its decision. For example, in Calu-
met, we held that, whenever EPA denies a small refnery's
petition for an exemption from the CAA's renewable fuel
program, each individual exemption denial constitutes its
own "action" because (9)(B) defnes EPA's role -- 
" `evaluating a petition' " and " `act[ing] on' " it -- on a petition-
specifc basis. Id., at 639 (alteration omitted). That statu-
tory denomination controls even if EPA chooses to resolve
multiple petitions in one fell swoop, as it did in Calumet.
Id., at 640.
Here too, we conclude that each EPA SIP disapproval con-
stitutes its own "action." We therefore reject EPA's con-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tention, adopted by the Tenth Circuit, that EPA's omnibus
rule should be treated as a single "action." Instead, we
have before us two distinct "actions" -- EPA's respective dis-
approvals of the Oklahoma and Utah SIPs.
Section 7607(b)(1) simplifes our analysis of this issue.
The CAA enumerates an individual SIP approval as an ex-
ample of a locally or regionally applicable action, unlike in
Calumet, where we dealt with an EPA decision that did not
fall within any of (1)'s enumerated actions. Section
7607(b)(1) provides:
"A petition for review of the Administrator's action in
approving or promulgating any implementation plan
under section 7410 of this title..., [other enumerated
examples],... or any other fnal action of the Adminis-
trator under this chapter (including any denial or disap-

given the binary nature of these categories. See 605 U. S., at 639,.
620 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

proval by the Administrator under subchapter I) which
is locally or regionally applicable may be fled only in
the United States Court of Appeals for the appropriate
circuit."
A SIP is an "implementation plan under section 7410," and
(1) -- in referring expressly to EPA's "action in ap-
proving... any implementation plan" under that provision -- 
makes clear that each EPA SIP approval is its own action.
It follows that each EPA SIP disapproval is also its own
action. EPA undertakes SIP disapprovals pursuant to
the same CAA authority underlying its SIP approvals.
Namely, directs "[e]ach State" to "adopt and submit
[to EPA] a plan" for NAAQS implementation, and in turn
directs EPA to either "approve such submittal" or "disap-
prove" it. (1), (k). Thus, EPA's approvals and
disapprovals are opposite sides of the same coin. As 's
SIP-specifc focus makes clear, and (1)'s enumeration
Page Proof Pending Publication
confrms, the CAA treats both individual SIP approvals and
individual SIP disapprovals as discrete actions. Thus, we
have before us two EPA actions -- EPA's disapprovals of the
Oklahoma and Utah SIPs.
These two disapprovals are undisputedly locally or region-
ally applicable actions. A SIP is a state-specifc plan, so an
EPA disapproval on its face applies only to the State that
proposed the SIP. And, the CAA recognizes this limited
scope in enumerating a SIP approval as a locally or region-
ally applicable action. (1). If anything, EPA's de-
cision on an individual SIP "is the prototypical `locally or
regionally applicable' action," as courts have recognized and
even EPA acknowledges. American Road & Transp.
Builders Assn. v. EPA, 705 F. 3d 453, 455 (CADC 2013)
(majority opinion of Kavanaugh, J.); see Brief for Respond-
ents 25.4

4
We leave for another day the meaning of the parenthetical in
(1), which specifes that "any other fnal action... (including any
denial or disapproval by the Administrator under subchapter I) which is
 Cite as: (2025) 621

Opinion of the Court

B
EPA's and the Tenth Circuit's contrary arguments do not
survive scrutiny. EPA largely reprises the arguments it
made in Calumet, and we reject those arguments for the
reasons explained there. 605 U. S., at 640 -- 642. In short,
(1) "makes the CAA's framing of the relevant `ac-
tion' controlling, regardless of how EPA chooses to package
its decisions in the Federal Register." Id., at 638. Thus,
although EPA was free to aggregate its SIP disapprovals
into one rule, that aggregation has no signifcance for venue
purposes.
The Tenth Circuit's endorsement of EPA's position is
equally unpersuasive. On its view, we must accept EPA's
framing of the relevant "action" because EPA's "action" is
just whatever it has "chosen to issue." 93 F. 4th, at 1267.
But, that reasoning fails to grapple with what (1)
means by that word. In context, (1) defnes the rel-
Page Proof Pending Publication
evant "action" by reference to the underlying CAA provi-
sion, not EPA's stylization. Calumet, 605 U. S., at 637;
supra, at 619.
Nor can the Tenth Circuit deem EPA's actions nationally
applicable based on EPA's use of a "uniform statutory inter-
pretation and common analytical methods." 93 F. 4th, at
1266. The "applicability" of an action turns on its formal
geographical scope: An action "applies" nationally only if, on
its face, it has binding effect throughout the country. Calu-
met, 605 U. S., at 638 -- 639. In contrast, EPA's interpretive
and analytical methodology goes to its underlying reasoning.
That component matters only at the second (1) step,
where one prerequisite for D. C. Circuit review is that a lo-
cally or regionally applicable action nonetheless be "based
on a determination of nationwide scope or effect." We
locally or regionally applicable" is subject to the default of regional Circuit
review. Because we hold that EPA's SIP disapprovals are locally or re-
gionally applicable in any event, we need not consider petitioners' argu-
ment that this parenthetical makes all denials or disapprovals under sub-
chapter I of the CAA locally or regionally applicable actions.
622 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

would make a hash of the CAA's venue framework if we
looked to the basis for EPA's actions at the frst step too.

III
Because EPA's SIP disapprovals are only locally or region-
ally applicable, we move to the second step of the (1)
inquiry. At this step, "we ask whether the `nationwide
scope or effect' exception applies to override the default of
regional Circuit review for locally or regionally applicable
actions." Id., at 642. We hold that it does not: The excep-
tion does not apply here, so these cases properly belong in a
regional Circuit.
Our analysis turns on the frst of the "nationwide scope or
effect" exception's two requirements. That exception ap-
plies only if the action at issue (1) "is based on a determina-
tion of nationwide scope or effect," and (2) "in taking such
action [EPA] fnds and publishes that such action is based
Page Proof Pending Publication
on such a determination." (1). Here, the second
requirement is plainly satisfed: EPA included in its Federal
Register notice an express fnding that its SIP disapprovals
were "based on a determination of `nationwide scope or
effect.' " 88 Fed. Reg. 9380. Thus, our task is to decide
whether that fnding was correct.
We hold that EPA's SIP disapprovals were not based on
any determination of nationwide scope or effect. As we ex-
plained in Calumet, this requirement is met only if "a justif-
cation of nationwide breadth is the primary explanation for
and driver of EPA's action." 605 U. S., at 645. But, such a
justifcation "does not rise to this level if EPA also relied in
signifcant part on other, `intensely factual' considerations,
or if the key driver of EPA's action is otherwise debatable."
Ibid. EPA's disapprovals of the Oklahoma and Utah SIPs
fall into the latter category.
EPA's omnibus rule makes clear that its SIP disapprovals
were based on "a number of intensely factual determina-
tions" particular to the State at issue. Texas v. EPA, 829
 Cite as: (2025) 623

Opinion of the Court

F. 3d 405, 421 (CA5 2016). As EPA explained, it evaluated
the contents of each SIP "on their own merits," "consider-
[ing] the facts and information... available to the state at
the time of its submission," as well as more recent informa-
tion regarding that State's circumstances. 88 Fed. Reg.
9354. From this state-specifc analysis, EPA produced for
each State a list of "bases for disapproval," ibid., with each
list "giving a unique mixture of reasons," West Virginia v.
EPA, 90 F. 4th 323, 330 (CA4 2024). For example, as to
Oklahoma, EPA rejected its attempt to disclaim responsibil-
ity for certain emissions in Texas, while also faulting it for
providing an "insuffcient evaluation of additional emissions
control opportunities." 88 Fed. Reg. 9359. And, as to
Utah, EPA found that the State had inadequately justifed
its attempt to discount certain emissions in Colorado, while
also "fnd[ing] technical and legal faws in the State's argu-
ments" regarding various emissions considerations. Id., at
Page Proof Pending Publication
9360. Based on these and other reasons, EPA concluded
that each State had failed to submit a SIP with "the neces-
sary provisions to eliminate emissions" consistent with that
State's Good Neighbor obligations. 87 Fed. Reg. 9824, 31483
(2022).
This state-specifc analysis contrasts sharply with EPA's
justifcations in Calumet, where we found the "nationwide
scope or effect" exception triggered. There, EPA made two
determinations that applied uniformly to all small refneries
across the country, which it used to reach a presumptive con-
clusion as to how the exemption petitions before it should be
resolved. 605 U. S., at 646 -- 647. EPA considered refnery-
specifc facts only to "confrm that it had no reason to depart
from its presumptive disposition." Id., at 647. In that cir-
cumstance, we explained, EPA's national determinations con-
stituted "the most important parts of its reasoning" and "the
primary driver of its decision." Ibid.
Here, in contrast, no nationwide factor all but settles
EPA's ultimate decisions. Instead, EPA disapproved Okla-
624 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

homa's and Utah's SIPs after conducting predominantly fact-
intensive, state-specifc analysis.
The determinations that EPA proffers as the basis of its
disapprovals only reinforce this conclusion. Before this
Court, EPA points to four determinations: (1) its use of "up-
dated, 2016-based modeling as the `primary' basis for its `as-
sessment of air quality conditions and pollution contribu-
tion' "; (2) its application of "a 1% contribution threshold
across all States to assess whether a State contributed more
than a de minimis amount of ozone pollution downwind";
(3) its "determin[ation] that the relative contributions of
other States or countries could not excuse a State from ana-
lyzing whether its own emissions `signifcantly' contribute to
downwind nonattainment"; and (4) its position that an up-
wind "State cannot rely on emission-reduction measures that
are not actually incorporated into its state plan." Brief for
Respondents 34 -- 35. We agree with EPA that these conclu-
sions qualify as determinations of nationwide scope or effect,
Page Proof Pending Publication
in that they are conclusions that apply nationwide, either for-
mally or as a practical matter given EPA's rejection of alterna-
tive approaches. But, these conclusions are at most heuris-
tics that aided EPA's analysis, as opposed to the primary
drivers of its disapprovals. None of these determinations,
either alone or in combination, makes clear why EPA con-
cluded that Oklahoma and Utah had produced inadequate pro-
posals for compliance with their Good Neighbor obligations.5
Take, for example, EPA's use of the 1% contribution
threshold. This threshold -- which is triggered whenever an
upwind State contributes at least 1% of the permissible

5
The determinations that EPA invokes before this Court differ from the
ones that it cited in its original fnding, where it focused primarily on its
use of a "consistent 4-step... framework" to analyze the SIPs. 88 Fed.
Reg. 9380 -- 9381; supra, at 617. Because we fnd the determinations EPA
currently invokes to be inadequate, we need not decide whether EPA's
shift in position raises a preservation problem. See EPA v. Calumet
Shreveport Refning, L.L.C., (2025).
 Cite as: (2025) 625

Opinion of the Court

ozone level to a downwind State -- refers to EPA's measure
of when an upwind State becomes " `linked' to a downwind
air quality problem," so as to implicate potential Good Neigh-
bor obligations. 88 Fed. Reg. 9342; see, supra. EPA
used this threshold only for "screening" purposes: Where the
threshold was triggered, EPA would "further evaluate" the
upwind State's emissions, to assess whether those emissions
require ameliorative steps under the CAA. 88 Fed. Reg.
9342, 9371. But, this kind of analytical guidepost cannot be
deemed the primary driver of EPA's ultimate conclusion that
Oklahoma's and Utah's SIPs were defcient. As EPA does
not dispute, even after it made its threshold determination,
"there was still a lot of work to be done" before EPA could
issue its disapprovals. Tr. of Oral Arg. 38. In that circum-
stance, we cannot say that the "nationwide scope or effect"
exception applies.6
* * *

Page Proof Pending Publication
The Tenth Circuit erred in holding that petitioners' chal-
lenges should be reviewed in the D. C. Circuit. EPA's disap-
provals of the Oklahoma and Utah SIPs are locally or region-
ally applicable actions. And, these cases are not ones where
the "nationwide scope or effect" exception applies. Accord-
ingly, as with most locally or regionally applicable actions,
petitioners' challenges can be heard only in a regional Cir-
cuit. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed, and
the cases are remanded for further proceedings consistent
with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

Justice Alito took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of these cases.

6
EPA's case for the exception's applicability rests on arguments that we
rejected in Calumet. Most notably, we rejected EPA's position that its
action is "based on" a qualifying determination so long as that determina-
tion supplies a but-for cause. See id., at 644 -- 645. We need not revisit
here the problems with EPA's premise.
626 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Gorsuch, J., concurring in judgment

Justice Gorsuch, with whom The Chief Justice joins,
concurring in the judgment.
The Court holds that the proper venue for this litigation
lies in an appropriate regional circuit, not in the D. C. Circuit.
I agree. As I explain in today's companion case, however,
the Court and I arrive at that conclusion by different paths.
See EPA v. Calumet Shreveport Refning, L.L.C., -- 663 (2025) (Gorsuch, J., dissenting). Accordingly,
I am unable to join the Court's opinion, but I am pleased to
concur in its judgment.

Page Proof Pending Publication
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
Page Proof Pending Publication
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

None

============================================================

PRELIMINARY PRINT

Volume 606 U. S. Part 2
Pages 461 -- 521

OFFICIAL REPORTS
OF

THE SUPREME COURT
June 27, 2025

Page Proof Pending Publication

REBECCA A. WOMELDORF
reporter of decisions

NOTICE: This preliminary print is subject to formal revision before
the bound volume is published. Users are requested to notify the Reporter
of Decisions, Supreme Court of the United States, Washington, D. C. 20543,
pio@supremecourt.gov, of any typographical or other formal errors.
 OCTOBER TERM, 2024 461

Syllabus

FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC., et al. v. PAXTON,
ATTORNEY GENERAL OF TEXAS
certiorari to the united states court of appeals for
the fth circuit
No. 23 -- 1122. Argued January 15, 2025 -- Decided June 27, 2025
Texas, like many States, prohibits distributing sexually explicit content to
children. In 2023, Texas enacted H. B. 1181, requiring certain commer-
cial websites publishing sexually explicit content that is obscene to mi-
nors to verify that visitors are 18 or older. Knowing violations subject
covered entities to injunctions and civil penalties.
Petitioners -- representatives of the pornography industry -- sued the
Texas attorney general to enjoin enforcement of H. B. 1181 as facially
unconstitutional under the First Amendment's Free Speech Clause.
They alleged that adults have a right to access the covered speech, and
that the statute impermissibly hinders them. The Fifth Circuit held
that an injunction was not warranted because petitioners were unlikely
to succeed on their First Amendment claim. The court viewed H. B.
Page Proof Pending Publication
1181 as a "regulatio[n] of the distribution to minors of materials obscene
for minors." 95 F. 4th 263, 269, 271. It therefore determined that
the law is not subject to any heightened scrutiny under the First
Amendment.
Held: H. B. 1181 triggers, and survives, review under intermediate scru-
tiny because it only incidentally burdens the protected speech of adults.
Pp. 470 -- 499.
(a) H. B. 1181 is subject to intermediate scrutiny. Pp. 470 -- 495.
(1) To determine whether a law that regulates speech violates the
First Amendment, the Court considers both the nature of the burden
imposed by the law and the nature of the speech at issue. Laws that
target protected speech "based on its communicative content" "are pre-
sumptively unconstitutional and may be justifed only if " they satisfy
strict scrutiny. Reed v. Town of Gilbert,. Laws that
only incidentally burden protected speech are subject to intermediate
scrutiny. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. v. FCC,.
And laws that restrict only unprotected speech, such as obscenity, re-
ceive rational-basis review. United States v. Stevens,.
History, tradition, and precedent establish that sexual content that is
obscene to minors but not to adults is protected in part and unprotected
in part. States may prevent minors from accessing such content, Gins-
462 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Syllabus

berg v. New York, -- 638, but may not prevent adults
from doing the same, Butler v. Michigan,. Pp. 470 -- 477.
(2) H. B. 1181 has only an incidental effect on protected speech, and
is therefore subject to intermediate scrutiny. The First Amendment
leaves undisturbed States' traditional power to prevent minors from ac-
cessing speech that is obscene from their perspective. That power in-
cludes the power to require proof of age before an individual can access
such speech. It follows that no person -- adult or child -- has a First
Amendment right to access such speech without frst submitting proof
of age.
The power to verify age is part of the power to prevent children
from accessing speech that is obscene to them. Where the Constitution
reserves a power to the States, that power includes "the ordinary and
appropriate means" of exercising it. 1 J. Story, Commentaries on the
Constitution of the United States, pp. 412 -- 413. Requiring proof
of age is an ordinary and appropriate means of enforcing an age-based
limit on obscenity to minors. Age verifcation is common when laws
draw age-based lines, e. g., obtaining alcohol, a frearm, or a driver's
license. Obscenity is no exception. Most States require age verifca-
tion for in-person purchases of sexual material, and petitioners concede
that in-person requirements of this kind are "traditional" and "almost
Page Proof Pending Publication
surely" constitutional. Tr. of Oral Arg. 17. And as a practical matter,
age-verifcation is necessary for an effective prohibition on minors ac-
cessing age-inappropriate sexual content, especially on the internet.
Because H. B. 1181 simply requires proof of age to access content that
is obscene to minors, it does not directly regulate adults' protected
speech. Adults have the right to access speech obscene only to minors,
see Butler, 352 U. S., at 383 -- 384, and submitting to age verifcation bur-
dens the exercise of that right. But adults have no First Amendment
right to avoid age verifcation. Any burden on adults is therefore inci-
dental to regulating activity not protected by the First Amendment.
This makes intermediate scrutiny the appropriate standard under the
Court's precedents. Pp. 477 -- 483.
(3) Applying the more demanding standard of strict scrutiny would
call into question all age-verifcation requirements, even longstanding
in-person requirements. Although petitioners insist that traditional in-
person requirements would survive strict scrutiny, the Court cannot
share their confdence. Strict scrutiny is designed to enforce the First
Amendment's prohibition on content-based laws, and it succeeds in that
purpose only if, as a practical matter, it is almost always fatal in fact.
Strict scrutiny is not the appropriate standard for laws that are tradi-
tional and widely accepted as legitimate. Pp. 483 -- 485.
 Cite as: (2025) 463

Syllabus

(4) Precedent does not call for the application of strict scrutiny.
The Court's decisions applying strict scrutiny in this context all involved
laws that banned both minors and adults from accessing speech that
was at most obscene only to minors. See Sable Communications of
Cal., Inc. v. FCC, 126; United States v. Playboy En-
tertainment Group, Inc., 811, 814; Reno v. American
Civil Liberties Union, 876; Ashcroft v. American
Civil Liberties Union,. The Court has never before
considered whether the more modest burden of an age-verifcation re-
quirement triggers strict scrutiny. Pp. 485 -- 491.
(5) Texas contends that only rational-basis review applies. This
position fails to account for the incidental burden that age verifcation
necessarily has on an adult's First Amendment right to access speech
obscene only to minors. Although deferential, intermediate scrutiny
plays an important role in ensuring that legislatures do not use ostensi-
bly legitimate purposes to disguise efforts to suppress fundamental
rights. P. 495.
(b) H. B. 1181 survives intermediate scrutiny because it "advances
important governmental interests unrelated to the suppression of free
speech and does not burden substantially more speech than necessary
to further those interests." Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. v. FCC,
Page Proof Pending Publication. Pp. 495 -- 499.
(1) H. B. 1181 furthers Texas's important interest in shielding chil-
dren from sexual content and is adequately tailored to that interest.
States have long used age-verifcation requirements to reconcile their
interest in protecting children from sexual material with adults' right
to avail themselves of such material. H. B. 1181 simply adapts this
traditional approach to the digital age. The specifc verifcation meth-
ods that H. B. 1181 permits -- government-issued identification and
transactional data -- are also plainly legitimate. Both are established
methods of verifying age already in use by many pornographic websites
and other industries with age-restricted services. Pp. 496 -- 497.
(2) Petitioners' counterarguments are unpersuasive. Petitioners
object that other means of protecting children are more effective and
that children are likely to encounter sexually explicit content on other
websites subject to H. B. 1181's requirements. But intermediate scru-
tiny does not require States to adopt the least restrictive means of pur-
suing their interests, Ward v. Rock Against Racism, or avoid all underinclusiveness, TikTok Inc. v. Garland,.
Pp. 497 -- 499.
95 F. 4th 263, affrmed.
464 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Syllabus

Thomas, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in which Roberts, C. J.,
Alito, Gorsuch, Kavanaugh, and Barrett, JJ., joined. Kagan, J.,
fled a dissenting opinion, in which Sotomayor and Jackson, JJ., joined,
post, p. 500.

Derek L. Shaffer argued the cause for petitioners. With
him on the briefs were Christopher G. Michel, Rachel G.
Frank, Michael T. Zeller, Vera Eidelman, Brian Hauss, Ben
Wizner, Cecillia D. Wang, and David D. Cole.
Principal Deputy Solicitor General Fletcher argued the
cause for the United States as amicus curiae supporting va-
catur. With him on the brief were Solicitor General Prelo-
gar, Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Boynton,
Kevin J. Barber, Charles W. Scarborough, and Steven H.
Hazel.
Aaron L. Nielson, Solicitor General of Texas, argued the
cause for respondent. With him on the briefs were Ken
Paxton, Attorney General, pro se, Lanora C. Pettit, Princi-
pal Deputy Solicitor General, Beth Klusmann, Assistant
Page Proof Pending Publication
Solicitor General, Eric Abels and John Ramsey, Assistant
Attorneys General, and Brent Webster, First Assistant At-
torney General.*

*Briefs of amici curiae urging reversal were fled for American Book-
sellers for Free Expression et al. by Kenneth A. Bamberger; for the Cato
Institute by Thomas A. Berry and Brent Skorup; for the Electronic Fron-
tier Foundation et al. by Aaron Mackey, Elizabeth Femia, David Greene,
Corbin K. Barthold, Lawrence G. Walters, Corey D. Silverstein, and Kevin
S. Toll; for the Institute for Justice by Paul M. Sherman and Anya Bid-
well; for the International Centre for Missing and Exploited Children by
Amer S. Ahmed, Jillian London, and Daniel R. Adler; for Internet Law
Professors by Ronan P. Doherty; and for the National Coalition Against
Censorship et al. by Lisa S. Blatt, Charles L. McCloud, and Lee Rowland.
Alan Butler fled a brief for the Electronic Privacy Information Center as
amicus curiae urging vacatur.
Briefs of amici curiae urging affrmance were fled for the State of Ohio
et al. by Dave Yost, Attorney General of Ohio, T. Elliot Gaiser, Solicitor
General, and Katie Rose Talley, Deputy Solicitor General, by Theodore E.
Rokita, Attorney General of Indiana, James A. Barta, Solicitor General,
and Jenna M. Lorence, Deputy Solicitor General, and by the Attorneys
 Cite as: (2025) 465

Opinion of the Court

Justice Thomas delivered the opinion of the Court.
Texas, like many States, prohibits the distribution of sexu-
ally explicit content to children. Tex. Penal Code Ann.

General for their respective States as follows: Steve Marshall of Alabama,
Treg R. Taylor of Alaska, Tim Griffn of Arkansas, Ashley Moody of Flor-
ida, Christopher M. Carr of Georgia, Raúl R. Labrador of Idaho, Brenna
Bird of Iowa, Kris Kobach of Kansas, Russell Coleman of Kentucky, Liz
Murrill of Louisiana, Lynn Fitch of Mississippi, Andrew Bailey of Mis-
souri, Austin Knudsen of Montana, Michael T. Hilgers of Nebraska, Gent-
ner Drummond of Oklahoma, Drew H. Wrigley of North Dakota, Alan
Wilson of South Carolina, Marty Jackley of South Dakota, Sean D. Reyes
of Utah, Jason Miyares of Virginia, Patrick Morrisey of West Virginia,
and Bridget Hill of Wyoming; for the Age Verifcation Providers Associa-
tion by Aaron M. Streett and Brenton H. Cooper; for the Alliance Defend-
ing Freedom by James A. Campbell, John J. Bursch, and Cody S. Barnett;
for the American Principles Project by Theodore M. Cooperstein and
Craig L. Parshall; for Citizens Defending Freedom by Erin Elizabeth
Mersino and Robert J. Muise; for the Council on Pornography Reform
et al. by William J. Olson, Jeremiah L. Morgan, J. Mark Brewer, and
Page Proof Pending Publication
Patrick M. McSweeney; for Major Religious Organizations by Gene C.
Schaerr, H. Christopher Bartolomucci, Hannah C. Smith, Thomas R. Lee,
and R. Shawn Gunnarson; for the Manhattan Institute for Policy Re-
search et al. by Jonathan Berry, James R. Conde, Ilya Shapiro, and John
Ketcham; for the Matthew XVIII Group et al. by Mary E. McAlister and
Vernadette R. Broyles; for Members of the Texas Senate by Peter A. Gen-
tala, Benjamin W. Bull, and Christen M. Price; for the Minnesota Family
Council et al. by Renee K. Carlson and Brittany M. Jones; for Scholars of
the First Amendment by D. Adam Candeub; for Scholars on the Neurolog-
ical Effects of Pornography on Adolescents by John C. Sullivan; for State
Legislators et al. by Trey Dellinger; for Them Before Us by Benjamin M.
Flowers; for the Women's Liberation Front by Elspeth B. Cypher; for Sen.
Mike Lee et al. by William P. Barr, Patrick F. Philbin, and Chase Har-
rington; for Clare Morell et al. by Eric N. Kniffn and Rachel N. Mor-
rison; for Heidi Olson by Jeffrey A. Wald; and for Laurie Schlegel by Scott
L. Sternberg.
Briefs of amici curiae were fled for the American Foundation for Ad-
diction Research et al. by Daniel R. Suhr; for Atsign, Inc., by Derek T.
Ho and Matthew D. Reade; for the Center for Democracy & Technology
et al. by Andrew S. Bruns and Amos J. B. Espeland; for the Ethics and
Religious Liberty Commission et al. by S. Chad Meredith and Trevor Pir-
ouz Kehrer; for Exodus Cry et al. by Aaron T. Martin; for First Amend-
466 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court.24(b) (West 2016). But, although that prohibition may
be effective against brick-and-mortar stores, it has proved
challenging to enforce against online content. In an effort
to address this problem, Texas enacted H. B. 1181, Tex. Civ.
Prac. & Rem. Code Ann..001 et seq. (West Cum. Supp.
2024), which requires certain commercial websites that pub-
lish sexually explicit content to verify the ages of their visi-
tors. This requirement furthers the lawful end of prevent-
ing children from accessing sexually explicit content. But,
it also burdens adult visitors of these websites, who all agree
have a First Amendment right to access at least some of the
content that the websites publish. We granted certiorari to
decide whether these burdens likely render H. B. 1181 un-
constitutional under the Free Speech Clause of the First
Amendment. We hold that they do not. The power to re-
quire age verifcation is within a State's authority to prevent
children from accessing sexually explicit content. H. B.
1181 is a constitutionally permissible exercise of that
Page Proof Pending Publication
authority.
I
A
In 2023, Texas enacted H. B. 1181, a law requiring porno-
graphic websites to verify that their users are adults. H. B.
1181's sponsors proposed the law to address their concern
that the internet makes too accessible to minors "hardcore
pornographic content and videos," many of which depict
"sexual violence, incest, physical aggression, sexual assault,
non-consent, and teens." App. 254 -- 255. According to the
sponsors, such pornography is "addictive," has harmful "de-

ment Scholars by Jennifer Safstrom; for the Foundation for Individual
Rights and Expression et al. by Robert Corn-Revere and Ronald G. Lon-
don; for Jaco Booyens Ministries (JBM) et al. by Lawrence B. Shallcross;
for the Justice Defense Fund by Michael S. Overing, Edward C. Wilde,
and Itzel Morales; for the Reward Foundation by Joel Thayer; for Social
Science Scholars by Jonathan Berry and James R. Conde; and for Yoti
Ltd. by James R. Marsh.
 Cite as: (2025) 467

Opinion of the Court

velopmental effects on the brain," and leads to "risky sexual
behaviors." Ibid. The Texas Legislature passed the Act
with only a single opposing vote, and the Governor signed it
into law.
The statute applies to any "commercial entity that know-
ingly and intentionally publishes or distributes material on
an Internet website,... more than one-third of which is
sexual material harmful to minors." Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem.
Code Ann..002(a). The statute defnes " `[s]exual ma-
terial harmful to minors' " as material that: (1) "is designed
to appeal to or pander to the prurient interest" when taken
"as a whole and with respect to minors"; (2) describes, dis-
plays, or depicts "in a manner patently offensive with respect
to minors" various sex acts and portions of the human anat-
omy, including depictions of "sexual intercourse, masturba-
tion, sodomy, bestiality, oral copulation, fagellation, [and] ex-
cretory functions"; and (3) "lacks serious literary, artistic,
political, or scientifc value for minors.".001(6).
Page Proof Pending Publication
H. B. 1181 requires a covered entity to "use reasonable age
verifcation methods... to verify that an individual attempt-
ing to access the material is 18 years of age or older.".002(a). To verify age, a covered entity must require
visitors to "comply with a commercial age verifcation sys-
tem" that uses "government-issued identifcation" or "a com-
mercially reasonable method that relies on public or private
transactional data.".003(b)(2).1 The entity may per-
form verifcation itself or through a third-party service..003(b).
1
An entity may also verify age by requiring users to "provide digital
identifcation," Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code Ann..003(b)(1), which
is defned as "information stored on a digital network that may be accessed
by a commercial entity and that serves as proof of the identity of an indi-
vidual,".003(a). The State concedes that "Texas does not yet have
a state issued digital identifcation card or app." App. 189. Petitioners
maintain that no other identifcation could qualify as "digital ID" under
this defnition. Tr. of Oral Arg. 36 -- 37. We assume without deciding that
petitioners are correct.
468 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

If a commercial entity knowingly violates H. B. 1181, the
Texas attorney general may sue to enjoin the violation..006(a). The attorney general may also recover a civil
penalty of up to $10,000 per day that the website is noncom-
pliant, as well as an additional penalty of up to $250,000 if
any minors access covered sexual material as a result of the
violation..006(b).
H. B. 1181 is not the only law of its kind. At least 21
other States have imposed materially similar age-verifcation
requirements to access sexual material that is harmful to
minors online.2
B
Soon after Texas enacted H. B. 1181, a trade association
for the pornography industry, a group of companies that op-
erate pornographic websites, and a pornography performer
sued the Texas attorney general. These plaintiffs, petition-
ers here, sought to enjoin enforcement of the statute as fa-
Page Proof Pending Publication
cially unconstitutional under the Free Speech Clause of the
First Amendment. They alleged that adults have a right to

2
See Ala. Code -- 19G -- 3(a) (Cum. Supp. 2024); 2025 Ariz. Sess. Laws
ch. 193 (to be codifed at Ariz. Rev. Stat. Ann. -- 701(A)); Ark. Code
Ann. -- 88 -- 1304(a) (2023); 2024 Fla. Laws ch. 42, (to be codifed at Fla.
Stat..1737(2)); 2024 Ga. Laws p. 316 (to be codifed at Ga. Code Ann.
-- 5 -- 5(b)); Idaho Code Ann. -- 3803(1) (Cum. Supp. 2024); Ind. Code
-- 4 -- 23 -- 10 (Cum. Supp. 2024); 2024 Kan. Sess. Laws p. 451 (to be codi-
fed at Kan. Stat. Ann. -- 6146(a)); Ky. Rev. Stat. Ann..002(1) (West
Cum. Supp. 2024); La. Rev. Stat. Ann. :2121(A)(1) (West 2025); Miss.
Code Ann. -- 77 -- 5(1) (Cum. Supp. 2024); Mont. Code Ann. -- 14 -- 159(1)
(2023); Neb. Rev. Stat. -- 1003(1) (2024); N. C. Gen. Stat. Ann. -- 501(a)
(Supp. 2024); H. B. 1561, 69th Leg. Assem., Reg. Sess., (N. D. 2025) (to
be codifed at N. D. Cent. Code Ann. -- 07(2)); S. C. Code Ann. -- 1 -- 
310(C)(1) (Cum. Supp. 2024); H. B. 1053, 100th Leg. Sess., (S. D. 2025)
(to be codifed at S. D. Codifed Laws ch. 22 -- 24); Tenn. Code Ann. -- 
17 -- 912(c) (Supp. 2024); Utah Code -- 3 -- 1002(1) (Supp. 2024); Va. Code
Ann..01 -- 40.5(B) (2024); 2025 Wyo. Sess. Laws ch. 139, (to be codifed
at Wyo. Stat. Ann. -- 3 -- 502(a)).
 Cite as: (2025) 469

Opinion of the Court

access the speech covered by H. B. 1181, and that the statute
impermissibly hinders them from doing so.
The District Court granted petitioners a preliminary in-
junction after concluding that they were likely to succeed on
their claim. The court held that because H. B. 1181 "re-
stricts access to speech" that is constitutionally protected for
adults "based on the material's content," it is subject to
"strict scrutiny" -- the onerous standard of scrutiny applica-
ble to direct invasions of First Amendment rights. Free
Speech Coalition, Inc. v. Colmenero, 689 F. Supp. 3d 373, 391
(WD Tex. 2023). Under that standard, the law would be
constitutional only if Texas could show that it "(1) serve[s] a
compelling governmental interest, (2) [is] narrowly tailored
to achieve it, and (3) [is] the least restrictive means of ad-
vancing it." Id., at 392. The District Court acknowledged
Texas's compelling interest in preventing "a minor's access
to pornography." Ibid. But, it found that Texas had failed
Page Proof Pending Publication
to "show that H.B. 1181 is narrowly tailored and the least
restrictive means of advancing that interest." Id., at 393.
In the District Court's opinion, for example, encouraging
parents to install content-fltering software on their chil-
dren's devices would be a less restrictive means of accomp-
lishing the State's objective. Id., at 401 -- 404.
The U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit vacated
the injunction, holding that petitioners were unlikely to suc-
ceed on the merits. The Fifth Circuit viewed H. B. 1181
as a "regulatio[n] of the distribution to minors of materials
obscene for minors," which only incidentally implicates "the
privacy of those adults" seeking to access the regulated con-
tent. 95 F. 4th 263, 269, 271 (2024). And, because minors
have no First Amendment right to access such materials, the
court held that the law was "subject only to rational-basis
review" -- the exceedingly deferential standard applicable to
laws that do not implicate fundamental rights. Id., at 269.
Applying that standard, the court concluded that H. B. 1181
470 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

survived petitioners' challenge because its "age-verifcation
requirement is rationally related to the government's legiti-
mate interest in preventing minors' access to pornography."
Id., at 267.
Judge Higginbotham dissented in relevant part. Like the
District Court, he would have applied strict scrutiny and
found that Texas had failed to meet its burden under that
standard. Id., at 299, 303 -- 304 (opinion dissenting in part
and concurring in part).
Petitioners sought a stay of the Fifth Circuit's judgment,
which this Court denied. (2024). We
granted certiorari to determine whether H. B. 1181's agever-
ifcation requirement is likely constitutional on its face. (2024).
II
To determine which standard of First Amendment scru-
tiny applies to Texas's age-verifcation law, we must frst re-
Page Proof Pending Publication
view some background principles about the First Amend-
ment. Specifcally, we must focus on what the First
Amendment generally protects, the extent to which it per-
mits States to restrict minors' access to sexually explicit
speech, and how this Court has addressed earlier laws that
aimed to prevent children from viewing sexually explicit
speech online.
A
The First Amendment, which applies to the States
through the Fourteenth Amendment, prohibits laws "abridg-
ing the freedom of speech." As "a general matter," this pro-
vision "means that government has no power to restrict ex-
pression because of its message, its ideas, its subject matter,
or its content." Ashcroft v. American Civil Liberties
Union, (2002). But, this principle "is not absolute." Ibid.
To determine whether a law that regulates speech violates
the First Amendment, we must consider both the nature of
 Cite as: (2025) 471

Opinion of the Court

the burden imposed by the law and the nature of the speech
at issue. Our precedents distinguish between two types
of restrictions on protected speech: content-based laws
and content-neutral laws. "Content-based laws -- those that
target speech based on its communicative content -- are
presumptively unconstitutional and may be justifed only
if " they satisfy strict scrutiny. Reed v. Town of Gilbert,
(2015). That standard requires that a law
be "the least restrictive means of achieving a compelling
state interest." McCullen v. Coakley, 
(2014).
Content-neutral laws, on the other hand, "are subject to
an intermediate level of scrutiny because in most cases they
pose a less substantial risk of excising certain ideas or view-
points from the public dialogue." Turner Broadcasting
System, Inc. v. FCC, (1994) (citation omit-
ted). Under that standard, a law will survive review "if it
Page Proof Pending Publication
advances important governmental interests unrelated to the
suppression of free speech and does not burden substantially
more speech than necessary to further those interests."
Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. v. FCC, 
(1997) (Turner II).
At the same time, not all speech is protected. " `From
1791 to the present,' " certain " `historic and traditional cate-
gories' " of speech -- such as "obscenity, defamation, fraud, in-
citement, and speech integral to criminal conduct" -- have
been understood to fall outside the scope of the First Amend-
ment. United States v. Stevens, (2010)
(citations omitted). States generally may prohibit speech of
this kind without "rais[ing] any Constitutional problem."
Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire, -- 572 (1942).
Such prohibitions are subject only to rational-basis review,
the minimum constitutional standard that all legislation
must satisfy. See District of Columbia v. Heller, (2008). Under that standard, a law will be
upheld "if there is any reasonably conceivable state of facts
472 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

that could provide a rational basis" for its enactment. FCC
v. Beach Communications, Inc., (1993).

B
History, tradition, and precedent recognize that States
have two distinct powers to address obscenity: They may
proscribe outright speech that is obscene to the public at
large, and they may prevent children from accessing speech
that is obscene to children.
By the 18th century, English common law recognized pub-
lishing obscenity as an indictable offense. See Rex v.
Wilkes, 4 Burr. 2527, 98 Eng. Rep. 327 (K. B. 1770); Rex v.
Curl, 2 Strange 789, 93 Eng. Rep. 849 (K. B. 1727). So too
did early American decisions. See Commonwealth v.
Holmes, 17 Mass. 336, 336 -- 337 (1821); Commonwealth v.
Sharpless, 2 Serg. & Rawle 91, 100 -- 102 (Pa. 1815); Knowles
v. State, 3 Day 103, 108 (Conn. 1808). By the end of the Civil
Page Proof Pending Publication
War, most States had prohibited obscenity by statute, and
Congress had prohibited sending obscene materials by mail.
See An Act Relating to the Postal Laws, 13 Stat. 507;
E. Hovey, Stamping Out Smut: The Enforcement of Obscen-
ity Laws, 1872 -- 1915, p. 36 (1998). And, from the late 19th
century onward, this Court has consistently recognized the
government's power to proscribe obscenity. See, e. g.,
Counterman v. Colorado, (2023); Roth v.
United States, (1957); Rosen v. United
States, -- 43 (1896).
Our precedents hold that speech is obscene to the public
at large -- and thus proscribable -- if (a) "the average person,
applying contemporary community standards[,] would fnd
that the work, taken as a whole, appeals to the prurient in-
terest"; (b) "the work depicts or describes, in a patently
offensive way, sexual conduct specifcally defned by the
applicable state law"; and (c) "the work, taken as a whole,
lacks serious literary, artistic, political, or scientifc value."
 Cite as: (2025) 473

Opinion of the Court

Miller v. California, (1973) (internal quota-
tion marks omitted). Our precedents refer to this standard
as "the Miller test."
Miller does not defne the totality of States' power to reg-
ulate sexually explicit speech, however. In addition to their
general interest in protecting the public at large, States have
a specifc interest in protecting children from sexually ex-
plicit speech. The earliest obscenity decisions recognized
that restricting obscenity served two distinct interests -- 
curbing the "corruption of the public mind in general," and
protecting "the manners of youth in particular." Sharpless,
2 Serge & Rawle, at 103 (opinion of Yeates, J.); see also
Holmes, 17 Mass., at 336 -- 337 (upholding an indictment for
publishing an obscene book tending to " `the manifest corrup-
tion and subversion of the youth and other good citizens of
[this] Commonwealth' "). Similarly, many early obscenity
statutes targeted for special regulation works "manifestly
Page Proof Pending Publication
tending to the corruption of the morals of youth." E. g., Me.
Rev. Stat., ch. 160, (1840); Mass. Rev. Stat., ch. 130, 
(1836); Mich. Rev. Stat., Pt. 4, Tit. 1, ch. 8, (1838); 1838
Terr. of Wis. Stat., p. 366; Vt. Rev. Stat., ch. 99, 
(1840). This trend continued through the time of the Four-
teenth Amendment's ratifcation, with States routinely en-
forcing statutes that punished indecent publications on the
ground that they corrupted " `the morals of youth.' " E. g.,
Fuller v. People, 92 Ill. 182, 184 (1879); Commonwealth v.
Dejardin, 126 Mass. 46, 46 -- 47 (1878); Barker v. Common-
wealth, 19 Pa. 412, 413 (1852); State v. Hanson, 23 Tex. 233,
233 -- 234 (1859).
Consistent with this history, our precedents recognize that
States can impose greater limits on children's access to sexu-
ally explicit speech than they can on adults' access. When
regulating adult access, a State must defne obscenity from
the perspective of "the average" adult, Roth, 354 U. S., at
489, and so may not prohibit adults from accessing speech
474 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

that is inappropriate only for children, Butler v. Michigan,
(1957). Minors, however, have long been
thought to be more susceptible to the harmful effects of sex-
ually explicit content, and less able to appreciate the role it
might play within a larger expressive work. See Ginsberg
v. New York, -- 643 (1968); United States v.
Bennett, 24 F. Cas. 1093, 1105 (No. 14,571) (CC SDNY 1879).
They therefore possess "a more restricted right... to judge
and determine for themselves what sex material they may
read or see." Ginsberg, 390 U. S., at 637.
When regulating minors' access to sexual content, the
State may broaden Miller's "defnition of obscenity" to cover
that which is obscene from a child's perspective. Ginsberg,
390 U. S., at 638. To be more precise, a State may prevent
minors from accessing works that (a) taken as a whole, and
under contemporary community standards, appeal to the
prurient interest of minors; (b) depict or describe specifcally
defned sexual conduct in a way that is patently offensive for
Page Proof Pending Publication
minors; and (c) taken as a whole, lack serious literary, artis-
tic, political, or scientifc value for minors. See Miller, 413
U. S., at 24; Ginsberg, 390 U. S., at 635, 638.3 Restrictions
of this kind trigger no heightened First Amendment scrutiny
and are subject only to rational-basis review, even though
they encompass speech that is "not obscene for adults." Id.,
at 634, 639.
In sum, two basic principles govern legislation aimed at
shielding children from sexually explicit content. A State
may not prohibit adults from accessing content that is ob-
scene only to minors. Butler, 352 U. S., at 383. But, it may
enact laws to prevent minors from accessing such content.
Ginsberg, 390 U. S., at 637 -- 638.

3
H. B. 1181 covers only depictions of activity that would qualify as "sex-
ual conduct" in an adult obscenity statute. See Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem.
Code Ann..001(6)(B). We therefore need not decide whether a
statute addressing obscenity to minors can defne a broader range of activ-
ity as "sexual conduct" than an adult obscenity statute.
 Cite as: (2025) 475

Opinion of the Court

C
This Court has applied these principles to regulations of
internet-based speech on two prior occasions, both at the
dawn of the internet age. First, in Reno v. American Civil
Liberties Union, (1997), we addressed the con-
stitutionality of the Communications Decency Act of 1996
(CDA), 110 Stat. 133. The CDA criminalized using the in-
ternet to knowingly transmit "obscene or indecent mes-
sages" to a minor, or to knowingly send or display "patently
offensive messages in a manner that is available to" a minor.
521 U. S., at 859 -- 860. It provided an affrmative defense to
"those who restrict access to covered material by requiring
certain designated forms of age proof." Id., at 860 -- 861.
We held that the CDA violated the First Amendment be-
cause it "effectively suppresses a large amount of speech that
adults have a constitutional right to receive." Id., at 874.
The CDA's age-verifcation defense was illusory because, in
Page Proof Pending Publication
many cases, "existing technology did not include any effec-
tive method for a sender to prevent minors from obtaining
access to its communications on the Internet without also
denying access to adults." Id., at 876.4 And, even as to
4
Elsewhere in the CDA, Congress recognized that content fltering was
still an emerging technology and that companies attempting to use it faced
serious risks. A year before the CDA's enactment, a New York court had
held that an online service provider could be held liable as a publisher for
defamatory posts by third-party users because the provider had "held it-
self out as" "a family oriented computer network" that screened out inap-
propriate content. Stratton Oakmont, Inc. v. Prodigy Servs. Co., 1995
WL 323710, *2 (Sup. Ct. N. Y., May 24, 1995). In response, the CDA
added a new to the Communications Act of 1934., 110 Stat.
137 -- 139 (codifed as amended at 47 U. S. C. ). Section 230 provides
that computer service providers (1) shall not "be treated as the publisher
or speaker of any information provided by" a third party, and (2) shall not
"be held liable" for good-faith actions to restrict access to material that
they consider to be "obscene, lewd, lascivious, flthy, excessively violent,
harassing, or otherwise objectionable," or to enable others (such as users)
to restrict access to such material.. Congress thereby aimed to
spur the development and use of fltering technology so that parents could
476 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

minors, the CDA swept far beyond obscenity. Fairly read,
the terms " `indecent' " and " `patently offensive' " encom-
passed "large amounts of nonpornographic material with se-
rious educational or other value." Id., at 877. The Act was
thus a "content-based restriction" of protected speech that
could not survive strict scrutiny. Id., at 879.
After Reno, Congress passed the Child Online Protection
Act (COPA), 112 Stat. 2681 -- 736, which we addressed in Ash-
croft v. American Civil Liberties Union, (2004)
(Ashcroft II). COPA criminalized posting "content that is
`harmful to minors' " online for " `commercial purposes.' "
Id., at 661 (1)). The Act defned
such content as material that is obscene under the Miller
test, as adjusted to minors. 542 U. S., at 661 -- 662 (6)). It also provided "an affrmative defense to
those who employ specifed means to prevent minors from
gaining access to the prohibited materials on their Web site,"
Page Proof Pending Publication
such as requiring the use of a credit card or a digital certif-
cate that verifes age. Id., at 662 (1)). Soon
after COPA's passage, a District Court preliminarily en-
joined its enforcement, holding that the Act likely violated
the First Amendment. Id., at 663.
This Court held that the injunction was not an abuse of
discretion. Id., at 664 -- 665. The parties agreed that COPA
was subject to strict scrutiny. So too did this Court, which
briefy noted that this was so because COPA " `effectively
suppresses a large amount of speech that adults have a con-
stitutional right to receive and to address to one another.' "

prevent their children from accessing sexually explicit content online.
See, 110 Stat. 137 (title) ("Online Family Empowerment"); 47 U. S. C.
(title) ("Protection for private blocking and screening of offensive
material"); (title) ("Protection for `Good Samaritan' blocking and
screening of offensive material"); 141 Cong. Rec. 22045 (1995) (remarks of
Rep. Cox) ("We want to encourage" computer service providers "to help
us control... what our children see" using fltering "technology" that "is
very quickly becoming available").
 Cite as: (2025) 477

Opinion of the Court

Id., at 665. We then focused
our analysis on whether the Government had shown that it
was likely to satisfy its burden under strict scrutiny. 542
U. S., at 666 -- 670. We held that it had not, because the Gov-
ernment had not ruled out that it could protect children just
as well through the less restrictive means of encouraging
parents to install blocking and fltering software on their
computers. Ibid. We also noted that age verifcation was
"only an affrmative defense," meaning that even speakers
adopting an approved verifcation method might be forced to
"risk the perils of trial." Id., at 670 -- 671; accord, id., at 674
(Stevens, J., concurring). And, we leaned heavily on the
abuse-of-discretion standard, observing that "substantial fac-
tual disputes remain[ed] in the case," and that "the factual
record does not refect current technological reality" because
it was "over fve years" old. Id., at 671 (majority opinion).
For the past two decades, Ashcroft II has been our last
word on the government's power to protect children from
Page Proof Pending Publication
sexually explicit content online. During this period, the
"technology of the Internet" has continued to "evolv[e] at
a rapid pace." Ibid. With the rise of the smartphone and
instant streaming, many adolescents can now access vast li-
braries of video content -- both benign and obscene -- at al-
most any time and place, with an ease that would have been
unimaginable at the time of Reno and Ashcroft II.

III
With that background in mind, we turn now to the level of
scrutiny that applies to H. B. 1181. Petitioners contend that
the law must survive strict scrutiny because it imposes a
content-based regulation on protected speech. The State,
on the other hand, argues that the statute is subject only to
rational-basis review because it does not burden any pro-
tected speech. We think neither party has it right. Apply-
ing our precedents, we hold that intermediate scrutiny
applies.
478 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

A
H. B. 1181 is an exercise of Texas's traditional power to
prevent minors from accessing speech that is obscene from
their perspective. To the extent that it burdens adults'
rights to access such speech, it has "only an incidental effect
on protected speech," making it subject to intermediate
scrutiny. Boy Scouts of America v. Dale, (2000).
1
Age-verifcation laws like H. B. 1181 fall within States'
authority to shield children from sexually explicit content.
The First Amendment leaves undisturbed States' traditional
power to prevent minors from accessing speech that is ob-
scene from their perspective. Ginsberg, 390 U. S., at 641.
That power necessarily includes the power to require proof
of age before an individual can access such speech. It fol-
lows that no person -- adult or child -- has a First Amendment
Page Proof Pending Publication
right to access speech that is obscene to minors without frst
submitting proof of age.
The power to verify age is a necessary component of the
power to prevent children's access to content that is obscene
from their perspective. "No axiom is more clearly estab-
lished in law, or in reason, than that... wherever a general
power to do a thing is given, every particular power neces-
sary for doing it is included." The Federalist No. 44, p. 285
(C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (J. Madison); accord, T. Cooley, Consti-
tutional Limitations 63 (1868); A. Scalia & B. Garner, Read-
ing Law 192 -- 193 (2012). Hence, where the Constitution re-
serves a power to the States, it also reserves "the ordinary
and appropriate means" of exercising that power. 1 J. Story,
Commentaries on the Constitution of the United States,
pp. 412 -- 413 (1833). For example, in the Eighth Amendment
context we have explained that, because "capital punishment
is constitutional,... `there must be a constitutional means of
carrying it out.' " Glossip v. Gross, (2015)
 Cite as: (2025) 479

Opinion of the Court

(alteration omitted). Similarly, because the First Amend-
ment permits States to prohibit minors from accessing
speech that is obscene to them, it likewise permits States to
employ the ordinary and appropriate means of enforcing such
a prohibition. Requiring proof of age to access that speech
is one such means.
Requiring age verifcation is common when a law draws
lines based on age. For example, Texas, like many States,
requires proof of age to obtain alcohol, Tex. Alco. Bev. Code
Ann..03(b) (West 2020); tobacco, Tex. Health & Safety
Code Ann..082(d), (e) (West Cum. Supp. 2024); a lottery
ticket; 5 a tattoo, 25 Tex. Admin. Code.406(a), (b)
(2024); a body piercing, ibid.; freworks, Tex. Occ. Code Ann..252(c) (West 2019); and a driver's license, Tex. Transp.
Code Ann..142(a) (West 2018). Federal law similarly
mandates age verifcation to obtain certain medications from
a pharmacist, 21 CFR.26(c), (d) (2024), or to obtain
employment as a minor, 29 CFR.5 (2024). Fundamen-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tal rights that turn on age are no different. Texas, again
like many States, requires proof of age to obtain a handgun
license, Tex. Govt. Code Ann..174(a)(3) (West 2019); to
register to vote, Tex. Elec. Code Ann..002(c)(2), (8) (West
2020); and to marry, Tex. Fam. Code Ann..005(a) (West
Cum. Supp. 2024). In none of these contexts is the constitu-
tionality of a reasonable, bona fde age-verifcation require-
ment disputed. See New York State Rife & Pistol Assn., Inc.
v. Bruen, -- 39, (2022); Crawford v. Marion
County Election Bd., -- 203 (2008) (opinion of
Stevens, J.); Zablocki v. Redhail, -- 387 (1978).
Obscenity is no exception to the widespread practice of
requiring proof of age to exercise age-restricted rights. The
New York statute upheld in Ginsberg required age verifca-
tion: It permitted a seller who sold sexual material to a
minor to raise " `honest mistake' " as to age as an affrmative
5
See Tex. Lottery Comm'n, News Release, Texas Lottery Adds Age
Verifcation to Self-Service Vending Machines (Jan. 7, 2025).
480 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

defense, but only if the seller had made " `a reasonable bona
fde attempt to ascertain the true age of [the] minor.' " 390
U. S., at 644. Most States to this day also require age veri-
fcation for in-person purchases of sexual material.6 And,
petitioners concede that an in-person age-verifcation re-
quirement is a "traditional sort of law" that is "almost
surely" constitutional. Tr. of Oral Arg. 17.
The facts of Ginsberg illustrate why age verifcation, as a
practical matter, is necessary for an effective prohibition on
minors accessing age-inappropriate sexual content. The
statute in that case prohibited the knowing sale of sexual
content to a minor under the age of 17. 390 U. S., at 633.
The defendant was convicted of knowingly selling a porno-
graphic magazine to a 16-year-old. Id., at 631. But, most
of the time, it is almost impossible to distinguish a 16-year-
old from a 17-year-old by sight alone. Thus, had the seller
6
See, e. g., Ala. Code -- 12 -- 200.5(1), 13A -- 12 -- 200.5(3)(a) (2015); Ariz.
Page Proof
Rev. Stat. Ann. Pending
-- 3501(3)(b), Publication
13 -- 3506(A) (2018); Ark. Code Ann. -- 
68 -- 501(3)(B), 5 -- 68 -- 502(a)(2) (2024); Cal. Penal Code Ann..1(a) (West
2024); Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 7 -- 501(3)(b), 18 -- 7 -- 502(1) (2024); Conn. Gen.
Stat. -- 196 (2025); Del. Code Ann., Tit. 11, (2), (i)(1) (2015);
D. C. Code -- 2201(b)(1)(A), (b)(2)(F)(ii) (2001 -- 2024); Fla. Stat..012(1)(b), (3) (2023); Ga. Code Ann. -- 12 -- 102(2)(B), 16 -- 12 -- 103(a)
(2024); Idaho Code Ann. -- 1514(10), 18 -- 1515(1) (2016); Ill. Comp. Stat.,
ch. 720, /11 -- 21(b), (c)(1) (West 2023); Ind. Code -- 49 -- 3 -- 3(a)(1), 35 -- 
49 -- 3 -- 4(a)(3) (2024); Iowa Code.2, 728.10 (2023); Kan. Stat. Ann.
-- 6401(b), (h)(1) (2023); La. Rev. Stat. Ann. :91.11(A)(1), (D) (West
2018); Minn. Stat. Ann..292, subd. 8(2), 617.293, subd. 1 (West 2018);
Mont. Code Ann. -- 8 -- 206(1), (2)(a) (2023); Neb. Rev. Stat. -- 808(1),
28 -- 810(1) (2016); N. H. Rev. Stat. Ann. -- B:1(II)(b), 571 -- B:2(I) (2021);
N. M. Stat. Ann. -- 37 -- 1(G)(2), 30 -- 37 -- 2 (Lexis Nexis 2014); N. Y. Penal
Law Ann..21(1), 235.23(2) (West 2024); N. C. Gen. Stat. Ann. -- 
190.15(a), 14 -- 19.15(c)(3) (2023); Ohio Rev. Code Ann..31(A)(1),
(B)(3) (West 2020); Okla. Stat., Tit. 21,.75(13)(b), 1040.76(2) (2011);
18 Pa. Cons. Stat., (e)(7)(ii) (Cum. Supp. 2022); S. C. Code Ann.
-- 15 -- 385(A), (C)(3) (2023); S. D. Codifed Laws -- 24 -- 28, 22 -- 24 -- 
31(1) (2017); Utah Code Ann. -- 10 -- 1206(1)(a) (Lexis Nexis 2017); Vt.
Stat. Ann., Tit. 13, 2805(b)(1) (2018); Va. Code Ann..2 -- 
390(7)(b), 18.2 -- 391(A), (E) (2021); Wis. Stat. Ann..11(2) (West 2023).
 Cite as: (2025) 481

Opinion of the Court

in Ginsberg not had an obligation to verify the age of the
purchaser, he likely could have avoided liability simply
by asserting ignorance as to the purchaser's age. Only an
age-verifcation requirement can ensure compliance with an
age-based restriction.
The need for age verifcation online is even greater. Un-
like a store clerk, a website operator cannot look at its visi-
tors and estimate their ages. Without a requirement to sub-
mit proof of age, even clearly underage minors would be able
to access sexual content undetected. " `[T]he basic princi-
ples of freedom of speech... do not vary' when a new and
different medium for communication appears." Brown v.
Entertainment Merchants Assn., (2011);
accord, Moody v. NetChoice, LLC, (2024).
Because proof of age performs the same critical function on-
line that it does in person, requiring age verifcation remains
an ordinary and appropriate means of shielding minors in the
digital age from material that is obscene to them.
Page Proof Pending Publication
H. B. 1181 imposes an age-verifcation requirement for on-
line speech that is obscene to minors. The statute defnes
covered " `[s]exual material harmful to minors' " as material
that qualifes as obscene under the Miller test, as adjusted
to the perspective of a minor. Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code
Ann..001(6); see supra, at 467, 472 -- 473. And, the
statute does not ban adults from accessing this material; it
simply requires them to verify their age before accessing it
on a covered website..002(a).7 H. B. 1181 thus falls
7
The parties dispute whether H. B. 1181's defnition of " `[s]exual mate-
rial harmful to minors' " requires covered speech to be obscene to all mi-
nors (including 17-year-olds) or only to a minor (including a toddler). We
need not resolve that question here. Whatever obscenity to minors can
mean, the Texas Legislature plainly meant to tie H. B. 1181's defnition to
that category of speech. We also doubt that this dispute is as signifcant
as it frst may seem. Because the statute only covers explicit portrayals
of nudity or sex acts that predominantly appeal to the prurient interest,
it cannot conceivably be read to cover, say, a PG -- 13- or R-rated movie.
We further question whether it is coherent to speak of the " `prurient in-
482 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

within Texas's traditional power to protect minors from
speech that is obscene from their perspective.
2
Because H. B. 1181 simply requires proof of age to access
content that is obscene to minors, it does not directly regu-
late the protected speech of adults. A law can regulate the
content of protected speech, and thereby trigger strict scru-
tiny, either "on its face" or in its justifcation. Reed, 576
U. S., at 163 -- 164. H. B.
1181 does not regulate the content of protected speech in
either sense. On its face, the statute regulates only speech
that is obscene to minors. That speech is unprotected to the
extent the State seeks only to verify age. And, the statute
can easily "be justifed without reference to the [protected]
content of the regulated speech," because its apparent pur-
pose is simply to prevent minors, who have no First Amend-
ment right to access speech that is obscene to them, from
Page Proof Pending Publication
doing so. Id., at 164.
That is not to say, however, that H. B. 1181 escapes all
First Amendment scrutiny. Adults have the right to access
speech that is obscene only to minors. Butler, 352 U. S., at

terest' " of a very young child with no concept of sexuality, so any reading
of the statute may well call for assessing obscenity from the perspective
of an adolescent. See Ashcroft II, (2004) (Breyer, J.,
dissenting).
The parties also dispute whether H. B. 1181 permits a covered website
to require age verifcation for its sexual material harmful to minors but
not for its other content. We need not resolve this disagreement either.
Even if the statute requires covered websites to demand age verifcation
for all their content, and even if such a requirement would be unconstitu-
tional, petitioners still have not shown that H. B. 1181 is facially invalid.
Under our precedents, a statute is facially invalid under the First Amend-
ment only if its "unconstitutional applications" are "substantially dispro-
portionate to the statute's lawful sweep." United States v. Hansen, (2023). Here, petitioners have not even attempted to show
that the covered websites that would segregate their content if given the
choice substantially outnumber those that would not.
 Cite as: (2025) 483

Opinion of the Court

383 -- 384. And, submitting to age verifcation is a burden on
the exercise of that right. But, adults have no First Amend-
ment right to avoid age verifcation, and the statute can
readily be understood as an effort to restrict minors' access.
Any burden experienced by adults is therefore only inciden-
tal to the statute's regulation of activity that is not protected
by the First Amendment. That fact makes intermediate
scrutiny the appropriate standard under our precedents.
Dale, 530 U. S., at 659.
In this respect, H. B. 1181 is analogous to the prohibition
against destroying draft cards that this Court upheld in
United States v. O'Brien, (1968). The prohibi-
tion may have had the effect of making it unlawful to protest
the draft by burning one's draft card. See id., at 369. But,
the "destruction" of a draft card is not itself "constitutionally
protected activity," because the card is a Government docu-
ment that, among other functions, serves as proof of registra-
tion. Id., at 376, 378. The prohibition on destroying draft
Page Proof Pending Publication
cards thus placed only an incidental burden on First Amend-
ment expression, making it subject to intermediate scrutiny.
Id., at 376 -- 377. So too here, because accessing material ob-
scene to minors without verifying one's age is not constitu-
tionally protected, any burden H. B. 1181 imposes on pro-
tected activity is only incidental, and the statute triggers
only intermediate scrutiny.
B
Applying the more demanding strict-scrutiny standard
would call into question the validity of all age-verifcation
requirements, even longstanding requirements for brick-and-
mortar stores. But, as petitioners acknowledge, after Gins-
berg, no serious question about the constitutionality of in-
person age-verifcation requirements for obscenity to minors
has arisen. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 43 (acknowledging that
they "don't know of any... challenge being brought" to an
age-verifcation requirement for "brick-and-mortar stores").
Petitioners insist that their proposed rule would not call into
484 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

question these "traditional" requirements, because such re-
quirements would "almost surely satisfy" strict scrutiny.
Id., at 17. They also contend that a suffciently tailored on-
line age-verifcation requirement (although not Texas's)
could satisfy strict scrutiny too. Id., at 6 -- 8. But, if we are
not to compromise " `[t]he "starch" in our constitutional
standards,' " we cannot share petitioners' confdence. Ash-
croft II, 542 U. S., at 670 
(Thomas, J., concurring)).
Strict scrutiny -- which requires a restriction to be the
least restrictive means of achieving a compelling governmen-
tal interest -- is "the most demanding test known to constitu-
tional law." City of Boerne v. Flores, 
(1997). In the First Amendment context, we have held only
once that a law triggered but satisfed strict scrutiny -- to
uphold a federal statute that prohibited knowingly providing
material support to a foreign terrorist organization. See
Page Proof Pending Publication
Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project, -- 39
(2010). That case involved an unusual application of strict
scrutiny, since our analysis relied on the "deference" due to
the Executive's "evaluation of the facts" in the context of
"national security and foreign affairs." Id., at 33 -- 34.8
Strict scrutiny is unforgiving because it is the standard
for reviewing the direct targeting of fully protected speech.
Reed, 576 U. S., at 163. Strict scrutiny is designed to en-
force "the fundamental principle that governments have no
power to restrict expression because of its message, its ideas,
8
In Williams-Yulee v. Florida Bar, (2015), a bare majority
held that a ban on the personal solicitation of campaign donations by candi-
dates for judicial offce survived strict scrutiny. Id., at 444 -- 456. But,
only four Members of the majority thought that the statute triggered
strict scrutiny to begin with. Id., at 442 -- 444 (plurality opinion). The
ffth Member, Justice Ginsburg, concluded that strict scrutiny did not
apply and that States enjoy "substantial latitude... to enact campaign-
fnance rules geared to judicial elections." Id., at 457 -- 458 (opinion concur-
ring in part and concurring in judgment).
 Cite as: (2025) 485

Opinion of the Court

its subject matter, or its content." National Institute of
Family and Life Advocates v. Becerra, 
(2018). It succeeds in
that purpose if and only if, as a practical matter, it is fatal in
fact absent truly extraordinary circumstances. Strict scru-
tiny therefore cannot apply to laws, such as in-person age-
verifcation requirements, which are traditional, widespread,
and not thought to raise a signifcant First Amendment issue.
Once again, we need look no further than Ginsberg.
There, this Court observed that it "is very doubtful" that
New York's "legislative fnding" about the harmful effects
of the speech its statute restricted "expresses an accepted
scientifc fact." 390 U. S., at 641. Nonetheless, because ob-
scenity to minors is not fully protected speech, this Court
readily upheld the statute. Id., at 641 -- 643. Had the Court
applied strict scrutiny, it could not have so easily cast that
doubt aside. Cf. Brown, 564 U. S., at 799 -- 800 (declining to
defer to a legislature's view of "competing psychological
Page Proof Pending Publication
studies" when applying strict scrutiny to a law restricting
minors from purchasing violent video games).
Petitioners would like to invalidate H. B. 1181 without up-
setting traditional in-person age-verifcation requirements
and perhaps narrower online requirements. But, strict
scrutiny is ill suited for such nuanced work. The only prin-
cipled way to give due consideration to both the First
Amendment and States' legitimate interests in protecting
minors is to employ a less exacting standard.

C
We also reject petitioners' contention that, regardless of
frst principles, our precedents require us to apply strict
scrutiny to H. B. 1181. Every case that petitioners cite in-
volved a law that banned both adults and minors from ac-
cessing speech. But, this Court has never held that every
content-based burden on adults' access to speech that is ob-
scene to minors always triggers strict scrutiny.
486 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

1
Start with Butler, our earliest relevant precedent.
There, this Court implicitly recognized that States may im-
pose some burdens on adults in the course of protecting chil-
dren from sexual material. The Court held that Michigan's
legitimate interest in "shield[ing] juvenile innocence" could
not justify a categorical ban on distributing sexually themed
books " `tending to the corruption of the morals of youth.' "
352 U. S., at 381, 383. In so holding, the Court admonished
the State for overlooking its other statutes "designed to pro-
tect its children" that did not impose an outright ban. Id.,
at 383. One of these laws was a prohibition on exhibiting
sexual material " `tending to the corruption of the morals of
youth' " " `in any... place within the view of children passing
on any public street or highway.' " Ibid., n. This law im-
posed a content-based restriction on where adults could view
such material. Yet, the Court implicitly suggested that it
Page Proof Pending Publication
was a permissible alternative to an outright prohibition.
Similarly, Ginsberg upheld a law that required sellers to
verify age if they wished to raise "honest mistake" of age as
a defense. See 390 U. S., at 644; supra, at 479 -- 480. In the
wake of that decision, the constitutionality of laws like New
York's that impose in-person age-verifcation requirements
has been taken as a given. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 43. And,
although Ginsberg did not explicitly address the burden that
age verifcation imposes on adults, in the almost six decades
since it was decided, no one has thought to subject such re-
quirements to strict scrutiny.
Petitioners invoke two pre-internet cases in which this
Court applied strict scrutiny. In the frst, the Court did so
to invalidate "a blanket prohibition" on "dial-a-porn" phone
messages that were "indecent but not obscene." Sable
Communications of Cal., Inc. v. FCC, 126
(1989). In the second, we did so to invalidate "a blanket
ban" on broadcasting "indecent" but "not... obscene" cable
television channels between the hours of 6 a.m. and 10 p.m.
 Cite as: (2025) 487

Opinion of the Court

Playboy, 529 U. S., at 808, 811, 814.9 In contrast, H. B. 1181
is not a blanket prohibition. Adults remain free to access
pornography on covered websites, so long as they verify
their ages frst. Neither Sable nor Playboy addresses the
First Amendment consequences of that more modest burden.
Reno and Ashcroft II -- our two decisions addressing at-
tempts to restrict children's access to pornography online -- 
likewise provide no support for petitioners' position that
strict scrutiny applies. Reno applied strict scrutiny to the
CDA because it operated as a ban on speech to adults. The
CDA made it a crime for any person to post content that is
" `indecent' " or " `patently offensive' " anywhere in "the en-
tire universe of cyberspace" where the person knew a child
would be among the recipients. 521 U. S., at 868, 876. And,
although the CDA had an age-verifcation affrmative de-
fense, that defense was illusory. In many cases, "existing
technology did not include any effective method... to pre-
Page Proof Pending Publication
vent minors from obtaining access... without also denying
access to adults." Id., at 876. The CDA thus triggered -- 
and failed -- strict scrutiny because it "effectively sup-
presse[d] a large amount of speech that adults have a consti-
tutional right to receive" and to share. Id., at 874 (emphasis

9
Playboy held that the statute at issue triggered strict scrutiny because
it banned " `30 to 50% of all adult programming.' " 529 U. S., at 812; see
ibid. ("To prohibit this much speech is a signifcant restriction... " (em-
phasis added)). Any discussion in that opinion of whether lesser burdens
would also trigger strict scrutiny, see post, at 517 -- 519 (Kagan, J., dissent-
ing), was dicta. In any event, Playboy at a minimum cannot speak to
when burdens on obscenity to minors trigger strict scrutiny. Playboy
addressed a statute restricting " `indecent' " speech, 529 U. S., at 811,
which is a broader category than obscenity to minors and so is entitled to
greater First Amendment protection, see Reno v. American Civil Liber-
ties Union, (1997) (holding that indecent speech encom-
passes "large amounts of nonpornographic material with serious educa-
tional or other value"). Thus, a burden on obscenity to minors may not
trigger strict scrutiny even if a comparable burden on indecent speech
would.
488 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

added).10 This kind of ban is categorically different from
H. B. 1181's age-verifcation requirement.
Ashcroft II likewise characterized COPA as a ban. COPA
criminally prohibited posting "content that is `harmful to mi-
nors' " online for " `commercial purposes,' " subject to an age-
verifcation affrmative defense. 542 U. S., at 661 -- 662. We
thus applied strict scrutiny, because, as in Reno, the statute
" `effectively suppresse[d] a large amount of speech that
adults have a constitutional right to receive and to address
to one another.' " 542 U. S., at 665. Because the parties agreed that strict scrutiny ap-
plied, the Court's discussion of the applicable standard was
brief. See 542 U. S., at 665. But, its wording was careful.
The Government in Ashcroft II conceded that COPA trig-
gered strict scrutiny because it "regulates expression...
that is constitutionally protected for adults... on the basis
of its content." Brief for Petitioner in Ashcroft v. American
Civil Liberties Union, O. T. 2003, No. 03 -- 218, p. 18. Peti-
Page Proof Pending Publication
tioners make essentially that same argument here. Yet, the
Court did not endorse this sweeping proposition; instead, it
invoked the narrower ground that COPA outright " `sup-
presse[d]' " speech between adults. Ashcroft II, 542 U. S.,
at 665.
To be sure, COPA established an age-verifcation defense.
Id., at 662. But, because it did so only as an affrmative
defense, COPA still operated as a ban on the public posting
of material that is obscene to minors. See id., at 661 -- 662
(1), (c)(1)). This was so because
an indictment need only "alleg[e] the necessary elements of

10
The dissent contends that Reno imposed a regulation "similar to Tex-
as's law," not a ban. Post, at 518. But, at the same time, the dissent
acknowledges that the statute at issue in Sable Communications of Cal.,
Inc. v. FCC, (1989), was a ban. See ibid. And, Reno held
that "the CDA effectively resembles the ban on `dial-a-porn' invalidated
in Sable." 521 U. S., at 875. The dissent's characterization of Reno is at
war with Reno's description of itself.
 Cite as: (2025) 489

Opinion of the Court

an offense"; it need not "anticipate affrmative defenses."
United States v. Sisson, -- 288 (1970).
Under COPA, the Government thus remained free to bring
criminal charges against any covered person who publicly
posted speech that was obscene to minors, even if he had
fully implemented compliant age-verifcation procedures.
See Ashcroft II, 542 U. S., at 670 -- 671; id., at 674 (Stevens,
J., concurring). The same is not true under H. B. 1181,
which makes the lack of age verifcation an element that the
State must plead and prove. Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code
Ann..002(a).
2
Petitioners read Reno and Ashcroft II to establish a com-
prehensive framework to govern all future attempts to re-
strict children's access to online pornography. As we have
just explained, that view cannot be squared with those cases,
which addressed only outright bans on material that was ob-
Page Proof Pending Publication
scene to minors but not to adults. Petitioners also fail to
appreciate the context in which those cases were decided.
This Court decided both cases when the internet was "still
more of a prototype than a fnished product" -- Reno in 1997
and Ashcroft II in 2004, with factual fndings made in 1999.
A. Kennedy, The Rough Guide to the Internet 493 (8th ed.
2002) (Kennedy). We were mindful that "judicial answers"
to "the totally new problems" presented by new technology
are necessarily "truncated," and that in such circumstances
"we ought not to anticipate" questions beyond those immedi-
ately presented. Northwest Airlines, Inc. v. Minnesota, (1944); accord, TikTok Inc. v. Garland, (2025) (per curiam). We did not purport to de-
cide more than the specifc circumstances of the cases that
were before us.
The Court in Reno was quite concerned about the unique
threat that the CDA posed to the development of the then-
nascent internet. Reno was this Court's frst decision about
the internet. In describing the background of the case, we
490 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

"felt the need to explain... that the `Internet is an interna-
tional network of interconnected computers,' " NetChoice,
603 U. S., at 713 -- 714, and
we marveled that the internet had grown to 40 million users
worldwide, id., at 850. In resolving the case, the Court was
keenly aware that the "wholly unprecedented" "breadth of
the CDA's coverage" "threaten[ed] to torch a large segment"
of this emerging medium of communication. Id., at 877, 882.
In these uncharted waters, the Court was cautious not to
defnitively establish when regulations on internet pornogra-
phy triggered strict scrutiny.
Similarly, Ashcroft II was a self-consciously narrow and
factbound decision. There, the Court reviewed a prelimi-
nary injunction based on a record that was "over fve years"
old, all while the "technology of the Internet" continued to
"evolv[e] at a rapid pace." 542 U. S., at 671. As a result,
we emphasized the abuse-of-discretion standard and made
clear that we did not mean to rule defnitively on COPA's
Page Proof Pending Publication
constitutionality. Id., at 673. Moreover, we could not have
meant to offer a comprehensive discussion on the appropriate
standard of scrutiny for laws protecting children from sexual
content online, given that the appropriate standard was not
even a contested issue in the case.
In the quarter century since the factual record closed in
Ashcroft II, the internet has expanded exponentially. In
1999, only two out of fve American households had home
internet access. Dept. of Commerce, Census Bureau, Home
Computers and Internet Use in the United States: Aug. 2000,
p. 2 (2001). Nearly all those households used a desktop com-
puter or laptop to connect to the internet, and most used a
dial-up connection. Dept. of Commerce, Economics and Sta-
tistics Admin., A Nation Online: Entering the Broadband
Age 1, 5 (2004). Connecting through dial-up came with sig-
nifcant limitations: Dial-up is much slower than a modern
broadband connection, and because dial-up relied on the
home's phone line, many households could not use the in-
ternet and make or receive phone calls at the same time.
 Cite as: (2025) 491

Opinion of the Court

See Inline Connection Corp. v. AOL Time Warner Inc., 302
F. Supp. 2d 307, 311 (Del. 2004). And, "video-on-demand"
was largely just a notion that fgures like "Bill Gates and Al
Gore rhapsodize[d] about"; "most Netizens would [have]
be[en] happy with a system fast enough to view static photos
without waiting an age." Kennedy 493 -- 494.
In contrast, in 2024, 95 percent of American teens had ac-
cess to a smartphone, allowing many to access the internet
at almost any time and place. M. Faverio & O. Sidoti, Pew
Research Center, Teens, Social Media and Technology 2024,
p. 19. Ninety-three percent of teens reported using the in-
ternet several times per day, and watching videos is among
their most common activities online. Id., at 4 -- 5, 20. The
content easily accessible to adolescents online includes mas-
sive libraries of pornographic videos. For instance, in 2019,
Pornhub, one of the websites involved in this case, published
1.36 million hours -- or over 150 years -- of new content.
App. 177. Many of these readily accessible videos portray
Page Proof Pending Publication
men raping and physically assaulting women -- a far cry from
the still images that made up the bulk of online pornography
in the 1990s. See N. Kristof, The Children of Pornhub, N. Y.
Times, Dec. 6, 2020, p. SR4. The Court in Reno and Ash-
croft II could not have conceived of these developments,
much less conclusively resolve how States could address them.
Of course, Reno and Ashcroft II do not cease to be prece-
dential simply because technology has changed so dramati-
cally. See NetChoice, 603 U. S., at 733 -- 734. "But respect
for past judgments also means respecting their limits."
Brown v. Davenport, (2022). It is mislead-
ing in the extreme to assume that Reno and Ashcroft II
spoke to the circumstances of this case simply because they
both dealt with "the internet" as it existed in the 1990s.
The appropriate standard of scrutiny to apply in this case is
a diffcult question that no prior decision of this Court has
squarely addressed. For the reasons we have explained, we
hold today that H. B. 1181 triggers only intermediate
scrutiny.
492 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

D
The dissent's arguments for strict scrutiny are no more
persuasive than petitioners'. The dissent claims that strict
scrutiny applies because H. B. 1181 is "a quintessential
content-based law." Post, at 504 (opinion of Kagan, J.).
We agree that H. B. 1181 targets speech that is obscene for
minors based on its communicative content. But, where the
speech in question is unprotected, States may impose "re-
strictions" based on "content" without triggering strict scru-
tiny. Stevens, 559 U. S., at 468. Because speech that is obscene to minors is un-
protected to the extent that the State imposes only an age-
verifcation requirement, H. B. 1181's content-based restric-
tion does not require strict scrutiny. The law is content
based in the same way that prohibitions of "defamation,"
"fraud," and "incitement" are. Ibid.
The dissent's attempt to distinguish O'Brien and its prog-
Page Proof Pending Publication
eny fails for the same reason. See post, at 515 -- 517. The
dissent protests that H. B. 1181 cannot trigger intermediate
scrutiny under O'Brien because it is "a direct regulation of
speech," not "a regulation of conduct" that incidentally bur-
dens "expressive activity." Post, at 516. When speech has
both protected and unprotected features, however, "the un-
protected features of the [speech] are, despite their [commu-
nicative] character, essentially a `nonspeech' element" for
purposes of the First Amendment. R. A. V. v. St. Paul, (1992). With that principle in hand, H. B. 1181
fts comfortably within the O'Brien framework: The law di-
rectly regulates unprotected activity (accessing material
that is obscene to minors without submitting to age verif-
cation) while only incidentally burdening protected activity
(ultimately accessing that material).11
11
The dissent complains that Sable, Playboy, Reno, and Ashcroft II
never "proposed an analogy to O'Brien." Post, at 517; United States v.
Playboy Entertainment Group, Inc., (2000). That fact is
unsurprising. Because all four cases involved outright bans on speech
 Cite as: (2025) 493

Opinion of the Court

The dissent's real point of disagreement is whether an age-
verifcation requirement regulates the protected speech of
adults. On this point, the dissent has nothing to offer aside
from the bald assertion that our precedents have held as
much. See post, at 503 -- 508. But, our precedents have held
no such thing. Because our previous decisions concerned
only outright bans, see supra, at 486 -- 489, this Court has
never before considered whether lesser burdens aimed at
distinguishing children from adults directly regulate any
free speech right of adults.12
Instead, as we have explained, the First Amendment
leaves undisturbed States' power to impose age limits on
speech that is obscene to minors. That power, according to
both "common sense" and centuries of legal tradition, in-
cludes the ordinary and appropriate means of exercising it.
Scalia & Garner, Reading Law, at 192. And, an age-
verifcation requirement is an ordinary and appropriate
means of enforcing an age limit, as is evident both from all
Page Proof Pending Publication
other contexts where the law draws lines based on age and
from the long, widespread, and unchallenged practice of re-
quiring age verifcation for in-person sales of material that is
obscene to minors. Supra, at 479 -- 481. Beyond misreading
precedent, the dissent's only other response to our reasoning
is to assert that age verifcation is not necessarily included
in the power to draw an age-based line because "an age veri-
fcation mandate burdens an adult's First Amendment"
rights. Post, at 512. That response simply assumes what
the dissent sets out to prove.
that is at most obscene only to minors, see supra, at 486 -- 489, the statutes
at issue directly (and not merely incidentally) regulated adults' protected
speech.
12
The dissent is correct that, for fully protected speech, "the distinction
between bans and burdens makes no difference to the level of scrutiny."
Post, at 518. But, when the First Amendment partially protects speech,
such that the government may impose certain content-based restrictions
on it but may not proscribe it outright, the distinction between a ban and
lesser burdens is meaningful.
494 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

The dissent expresses surprise that obscenity for minors
is "only partially" protected speech for adults. Post, at 513. But, it does not truly
deny that this is the case. The defendant in Ginsberg, after
all, was an adult vendor of pornography, not an underage
purchaser. 390 U. S., at 631. It would be diffcult, practi-
cally speaking, for States to restrict children's access to por-
nography without regulating adult vendors. And, Ginsberg
accordingly held that New York's content-based restriction
on the rights of adult vendors triggered only rational-basis
review. Id., at 641. Thus, so long as the dissent accepts
Ginsberg, it cannot deny that the question before us is which
content-based regulations States may impose on adults with-
out triggering strict scrutiny, not whether they may do so.
Finally, the dissent claims that we engage in "backwards,"
results-oriented reasoning because we are unwilling to adopt
a position that would call into question the constitutionality
of longstanding in-person age-verification requirements.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Post, at 510 -- 511. Not so. We appeal to these requirements
because they embody a constitutional judgment -- made by
generations of legislators and by the American people as a
whole -- that commands our respect. A decision "contrary to
long and unchallenged practice... should be approached
with great caution," "no less than an explicit overruling" of
a precedent. Payne v. Tennessee, (1991)
(Scalia, J., concurring). It would be perverse if we showed
less regard for in-person age-verifcation requirements sim-
ply because their legitimacy is so uncontroversial that the
need for a judicial decision upholding them has never arisen.13

13
Even the dissent recognizes the force of this point to some extent,
which is why it insists that in-person age-verifcation requirements would
have "a real chance of surviving" under its approach. Post, at 510. But,
the dissent has no way to make good on this assurance other than to say
that strict scrutiny need not be a "horror show" for States -- or, in other
words, that the First Amendment is not really as great an obstacle to
suppressing fully protected speech as it might seem. Ibid.
 Cite as: (2025) 495

Opinion of the Court

E
Texas, like the Fifth Circuit, contends that intermediate
scrutiny is too demanding and that only rational-basis review
applies. This position fails to account for the incidental bur-
den that age verifcation necessarily has on an adult's First
Amendment right to access speech that is obscene only to
minors. Rational basis is the appropriate standard for laws
that do not implicate "fundamental constitutional rights" at
all. Beach Communications, 508 U. S., at 313. Intermedi-
ate scrutiny, which is deferential but not toothless, plays an
important role in ensuring that legislatures do not use osten-
sibly legitimate purposes to disguise efforts to suppress fun-
damental rights.
Despite advocating for rational-basis review, Texas itself
has acknowledged the need for more searching review. The
State concedes, for instance, that it could not require as proof
of age an "affdavit" from the individual's "biological parent."
Page Proof Pending Publication
Tr. of Oral Arg. 107. That example is precisely the sort of ma-
nipulation of a legitimate kind of regulation that intermediate
scrutiny can weed out but that rational-basis review cannot.
Texas argues that Ginsberg establishes that age-
verifcation requirements receive only rational-basis review.
But, although Ginsberg applied that standard to a statute
with an age-verifcation requirement, the Court did not
squarely address the incidental effect that the law had on
adults' First Amendment rights. See 390 U. S., at 637 -- 643.
Moreover, Ginsberg was decided before this Court frst artic-
ulated the intermediate-scrutiny standard for incidental bur-
dens on free speech. See O'Brien, 391 U. S., at 376 -- 377. In
a two-tiered framework, where the only options were strict
scrutiny and rational-basis review, the latter was the better
standard for an age-verifcation requirement.

IV
A statute survives intermediate scrutiny if it "advances
important governmental interests unrelated to the suppres-
496 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

sion of free speech and does not burden substantially more
speech than necessary to further those interests." Turner
II, 520 U. S., at 189. H. B. 1181 readily satisfes these
requirements.
A
H. B. 1181 undoubtedly advances an important govern-
mental interest. Texas's interest in shielding children from
sexual content is important, even "compelling." Reno, 521
U. S., at 869; Sable, 492 U. S., at 126. H. B. 1181 furthers
that interest by preventing minors from easily circumvent-
ing a prohibition on their accessing sexual content.
H. B. 1181 is also suffciently tailored to Texas's interest.
Under intermediate scrutiny, a regulation is adequately tai-
lored so long as the government's interest "would be
achieved less effectively absent the regulation" and the regu-
lation "does not burden substantially more speech than is
necessary to further that interest." TikTok, 604 U. S., at 76
Page Proof Pending Publication. The regulation "need
not be the least restrictive... means of " serving the State's
interest. Ward v. Rock Against Racism, 
(1989). And, the regulation's validity " `does not turn on
[our] agreement with the [legislature] concerning the most
appropriate method for promoting signifcant government in-
terests' or the degree to which those interests should be pro-
moted." Id., at 800.
Under this standard, requiring age verifcation online is
plainly a legitimate legislative choice. Since at least the
days of Ginsberg, States have commonly used age-
verifcation requirements, in the case of in-person access to
sexual materials, to reconcile their interest in protecting
children with adults' right to avail themselves of such mate-
rials. This approach ensures that an age-based ban is not
ineffectual, while at the same time allowing adults full access
to the content in question after the modest burden of provid-
ing proof of age. H. B. 1181 simply adapts this traditional
approach to the digital age.
 Cite as: (2025) 497

Opinion of the Court

The specifc verifcation methods that H. B. 1181 permits
are also plainly legitimate. At present, H. B. 1181 allows
for verifcation using government-issued identifcation or
transactional data. Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code Ann..003(b)(2). Verifcation can take place on the covered
website itself or through a third-party service..003(b). Other age-restricted services, such as online
gambling, alcohol and tobacco sales, and car rentals, rely on
the same methods. App. 188 -- 190, 194, 198. And, much of
the online pornography industry has used analogous methods
for decades. In Reno, this Court observed that age verif-
cation through credit-card transactions "is not only techno-
logically available but actually is used by commercial provid-
ers of sexually explicit material," who (unlike many of the
noncommercial sites covered by the CDA) " `would remain
relatively unaffected' " were such verifcation required. 521
U. S., at 856, 863, 881. The District Court in Ashcroft II
found that the users of tens of thousands of pornographic
Page Proof Pending Publication
websites verifed their ages by submitting "a copy of a pass-
port or driver's license" to a third-party verifcation service.
American Civil Liberties Union v. Reno, 31 F. Supp. 2d 473,
490 (ED Pa. 1999) (fndings 51 -- 52). H. B. 1181 simply re-
quires established verifcation methods already in use by
pornographic sites and other industries. That choice is well
within the State's discretion under intermediate scrutiny.

B
Petitioners' counterarguments are unpersuasive. Peti-
tioners contend that Texas could adopt less restrictive means
of protecting children, such as encouraging parents to install
content-fltering software on their children's devices or re-
quiring internet service providers to block adult content un-
less a household opts in to receiving it. But, even assuming
these approaches are equally or more effective, under inter-
mediate scrutiny a "regulation will not be invalid simply be-
cause a court concludes that the government's interest could
498 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

be adequately served by some less-speech-restrictive alter-
native." Ward, 491 U. S., at 800. Texas's interest in shield-
ing children from sexual content " `would be achieved less
effectively absent' " H. B. 1181, and it cannot be said that "a
substantial portion of the burden" that H. B. 1181 imposes
fails "to advance [Texas's] goals." Id., at 799. That is
enough to show that the Texas Legislature adequately tai-
lored H. B. 1181, regardless of whether some other approach
might be superior.14
Petitioners further argue that H. B. 1181 is not appropri-
ately tailored, because it does not require age verifcation on
other sites, such as search engines and social-media websites,
where children are likely to fnd sexually explicit content.
But, under intermediate scrutiny, " `the First Amendment
imposes no freestanding underinclusiveness limitation,' " and
Texas " `need not address all aspects of a problem in one fell
swoop.' " TikTok, 604 U. S., at 76. Further, Texas has a
reasonable basis for excluding these sites from H. B. 1181's
Page Proof Pending Publication
coverage. The statute does not contain any special excep-
tion for social-media sites. See Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code
Ann..002(a). Rather, such sites fall outside the stat-
ute to the extent that less than a third of their content is
obscene to minors. And, it is reasonable for Texas to con-
clude that websites with a higher proportion of sexual con-
tent are more inappropriate for children to visit than those
with a lower proportion. The statute, on the other hand,
does explicitly exempt search engines..005(b). But,
14
Petitioners contend that H. B. 1181 does not allow covered websites
to use newer biometric methods of age verifcation, like face scans, that
they claim are less likely to give rise to privacy concerns. Texas dis-
agrees, maintaining that H. B. 1181 does allow such methods. We need
not resolve this disagreement because Texas is not required to adopt the
least restrictive means of advancing its interests to pass intermediate
scrutiny. Ward, 491 U. S., at 800. It is suffcient that verifying age by
government identifcation and transactional data is a legitimate legislative
choice that does not impose excessive burdens on users.
 Cite as: (2025) 499

Opinion of the Court

search engines do not exercise the same degree of con-
trol over the websites to which they link, so the State could
reasonably conclude that it makes less sense to regulate
them.
Petitioners next assert that privacy concerns and the
unique stigma surrounding pornography will make age veri-
fcation too chilling for adults. But, users only have to sub-
mit verifcation to the covered website itself or the third-
party service with which the website contracts. See.003(b). Both those entities have every incentive to
assure users of their privacy. In any event, the use of por-
nography has always been the subject of social stigma. This
social reality has never been a reason to exempt the pornog-
raphy industry from otherwise valid regulation. Cf. United
States v. American Library Assn., Inc., 
(2003) (plurality opinion) (holding that the "risk of embar-
rassment" involved in asking a librarian to unblock a website
wrongly blocked as obscene did not impose a cognizable bur-
Page Proof Pending Publication
den on a library patron's access to speech). And, the
decades-long history of some pornographic websites requir-
ing age verifcation refutes any argument that the chill of
verifcation is an insurmountable obstacle for users.

* * *
H. B. 1181 simply requires adults to verify their age before
they can access speech that is obscene to children. It is
therefore subject only to intermediate scrutiny, which it
readily survives. The statute advances the State's impor-
tant interest in shielding children from sexually explicit con-
tent. And, it is appropriately tailored because it permits
users to verify their ages through the established methods
of providing government-issued identifcation and sharing
transactional data. The judgment of the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit is affrmed.
It is so ordered.
500 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Kagan, J., dissenting

Justice Kagan, with whom Justice Sotomayor and
Justice Jackson join, dissenting.
No one doubts that the distribution of sexually explicit
speech to children, of the sort involved here, can cause great
harm. Or to say the same thing in legal terms, no one
doubts that States have a compelling interest in shielding
children from speech of that kind. What is more, children
have no constitutional right to view it. The Texas statute
before us (H. B. 1181) addresses speech understood in First
Amendment law as "obscene for minors." That label means
the First Amendment does not protect the speech for mi-
nors. The State can restrict their access without fear of
colliding with the Constitution.
The trouble comes in the last two sentences' italics.
Speech that is obscene for minors is often not so for adults.
For them, the category of obscene -- and therefore unpro-
tected speech -- is narrower. See ante, at 472 -- 474. So
Page Proof Pending Publication
adults have a constitutional right to view the very same
speech that a State may prohibit for children. And it is a
fact of life -- and also of law -- that adults and children do not
live in hermetically sealed boxes. In preventing children
from gaining access to "obscene for children" speech, States
sometimes take measures impeding adults from viewing it
too -- even though, for adults, it is constitutionally protected
expression. What, then, to do?
Cases raising that question have reached this Court on no
fewer than four prior occasions -- and we have given the
same answer, consistent with general free speech principles,
each and every time. Under those principles, we apply
strict scrutiny, a highly rigorous but not fatal form of consti-
tutional review, to laws regulating protected speech based
on its content. See ante, at 471. And laws like H. B. 1181
ft that description: They impede adults from viewing a class
of speech protected for them (even though not for children) and
defned by its content. So when we have confronted those
laws before, we have always asked the strict-scrutiny ques-
 Cite as: (2025) 501

Kagan, J., dissenting

tion: Is the law the least restrictive means of achieving a
compelling state interest? See ibid. There is no reason to
change course.
A law like H. B. 1181 might well pass the strict-scrutiny
test, hard as it usually is to do so. As just noted, everyone
agrees that shielding children from exposure to the sexually
explicit speech H. B. 1181 targets is a compelling state inter-
est. And Texas might be right in arguing that it has no less
restrictive way to achieve that goal: It is diffcult, as every-
one also agrees, to limit minors' access to things appearing
on the internet. If H. B. 1181 is the best Texas can do -- 
meaning, the means of achieving the State's objective while
restricting adults' speech rights the least -- then the statute
should pass First Amendment review.
But what if Texas could do better -- what if Texas could
achieve its interest without so interfering with adults' con-
stitutionally protected rights in viewing the speech H. B.
Page Proof Pending Publication
1181 covers? That is the ultimate question on which the
Court and I disagree. The majority says that Texas may
enforce its statute regardless, because only intermediate
scrutiny applies and that test does not ask whether a State
has adopted the least speech-restrictive means available. I
disagree, based on conventional First Amendment rules and
the way we have consistently applied them in this very con-
text. The State should be foreclosed from restricting
adults' access to protected speech if that is not in fact
necessary.
The majority's opinion concluding to the contrary is, to be
frank, confused. The opinion, to start with, is at war with
itself. Parts suggest that the First Amendment plays no
role here -- that because Texas's law works through age veri-
fcation mandates, the First Amendment is beside the point.
See ante, at 478 -- 482. But even the majority eventually
gives up that ghost. As, really, it must. H. B. 1181's require-
ments interfere with -- or, in First Amendment jargon, bur-
den -- the access adults have to protected speech: Some indi-
502 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Kagan, J., dissenting

viduals will forgo that speech because of the need to identify
themselves to a website (and maybe, from there, to the
world) as a consumer of sexually explicit expression. But
still, the majority proposes, that burden demands only inter-
mediate scrutiny because it arises from an "incidental" re-
striction, given that Texas's statute uses age verifcation to
prevent minors from viewing the speech. See ante, at 478,
482 -- 483. Except that is wrong -- nothing like what we have
ever understood as an incidental restraint for First Amend-
ment purposes. Texas's law defnes speech by content and
tells people entitled to view that speech that they must incur
a cost to do so. That is, under our First Amendment law, a
direct (not incidental) regulation of speech based on its con-
tent -- which demands strict scrutiny.
The majority's attempt to distinguish our four precedents
saying just that rounds out the list of its errors. According
to the majority, all of those decisions involved prohibiting
rather than merely burdening adults' access to obscene-for-
Page Proof Pending Publication
children speech. See ante, at 485. But that is not true.
And in any event it would not matter: The First Amendment
prevents making speech hard, as well as banning it outright.
So on all accounts the majority's rationale craters.
The majority is not shy about why it has adopted these
special-for-the-occasion, difficult-to-decipher rules. It
thinks they are needed to get to what it considers the right
result: giving Texas permission to enforce its statute. See
ante, at 483 -- 485. But Texas should not receive that permis-
sion if it can achieve its goal as to minors while interfering
less with the speech choices of adults. And if it cannot, then
Texas's statute would survive strict scrutiny, given the obvi-
ous importance of its goal. For that reason, the majority's
analysis is as unnecessary as it is unfaithful to the law.

I
Under ordinary First Amendment doctrine, this Court
should subject H. B. 1181 to strict scrutiny. That is because
 Cite as: (2025) 503

Kagan, J., dissenting

H. B. 1181 covers speech constitutionally protected for
adults; impedes adults' ability to view that speech; and im-
poses that burden based on the speech's content. Case
closed. And making the right answer yet more obvious, we
have said as much four times before, when reviewing stat-
utes imposing similar content-based burdens on protected
sexually explicit speech. So the case is closed even tighter:
The standard should be strict scrutiny. The only open ques-
tion here should be whether H. B. 1181 can satisfy that test.

A
No one (not even Texas, not even the majority) disputes
that H. B. 1181 covers a substantial amount of speech pro-
tected by the First Amendment. We have, of course, often
held that obscene speech, as defned in Miller v. California,
(1973), is not so protected. But H. B. 1181 does
not use the ordinary Miller test (relating to prurience, offen-
Page Proof Pending Publication
siveness, and value) as the trigger for regulation. Instead,
it adapts each part of that test "for minors," thus covering
speech that is "obscene from a child's perspective." See
Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code Ann..002(a) (West Cum.
Supp. 2024); ante, at 474 (emphasis deleted). And that child-
centric category of speech extends wider than the traditional
obscenity category. See ante, at 474. In the gap between
the two is much sexually explicit speech that adults have
every right to view. For adults cannot be limited to "only
what is ft for children." Butler v. Michigan, (1957). Their right to view "[s]exual expression," out-
side the traditional obscenity category, is "protected by the
First Amendment." Sable Communications of Cal., Inc. v.
FCC, (1989).
And H. B. 1181 impedes the exercise of that right. Recall
how the statute works. To enter a covered website -- with
all the protected speech just described -- an individual must
verify his age by using either a "government-issued identif-
cation" like a driver's license or "transactional data" associ-
504 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Kagan, J., dissenting

ated with things like a job or mortgage..001(7),
129B.003(b)(2); see ante, at 466 -- 467. For the would-be con-
sumer of sexually explicit materials, that requirement is a
deterrent: It imposes what our First Amendment decisions
often call a "chilling effect." E. g., Americans for Prosper-
ity Foundation v. Bonta, (2021). It is not,
contra the majority, like having to fash ID to enter a club.
See ante, at 479. It is turning over information about your-
self and your viewing habits -- respecting speech many fnd
repulsive -- to a website operator, and then to... who knows?
The operator might sell the information; the operator might
be hacked or subpoenaed. We recognized the problem in a
case involving sexual material on cable TV: Similar demands,
we decided, would "restrict viewing by subscribers who fear
for their reputations should the operator, advertently or in-
advertently, disclose the list of those who wish to watch the
`patently offensive' channel." Denver Area Ed. Telecommu-
Page Proof Pending Publication
nications Consortium, Inc. v. FCC, (1996).
The internet context can only increase the fear. And the
Texas law imposes costs not just on potential users, but on
website operators too. They must either implement a sys-
tem costing (the District Court found) at least $40,000 for
every 100,000 verifcations, or else pay penalties of $10,000
per day. See.006(b); Free Speech Coalition, Inc. v.
Colmenero, 689 F. Supp. 3d 373, 385 -- 386 (WD Tex. 2023).
Those expenses, Texas boasts, have already caused one
major operator to exit the State's market. See Brief for Re-
spondent 21. So in multiple ways, H. B. 1181 burdens
expression.
Finally, H. B. 1181 imposes those burdens on protected
speech based on the speech's "communicative content," mak-
ing it a quintessential content-based law. Reed v. Town of
Gilbert, (2015). A statute, we have often
said, is content-based on its face when it "draws distinctions"
based on the "topic," "subject matter," "idea," or "message
expressed." E. g., ibid. H. B. 1181 does just that. It ap-
 Cite as: (2025) 505

Kagan, J., dissenting

plies when more than a third of the expression on a website
is "sexual material" of a certain kind (prurient, offensive,
and valueless for minors)..001(6), 129B.002(a).
And whether expression qualifes as such material depends
entirely on what it depicts. If the website has the requisite
sexually explicit content, the regulation kicks in. Alterna-
tively, if that content is absent (if, say, the website focuses
on politics or sports), the regulation does not. "That is
about as content-based as it gets." Barr v. American Assn.
of Political Consultants, Inc., (2020) (plu-
rality opinion). Not even the majority disputes the point.
See ante, at 492.
All of that leads, under well-settled law, to just one conclu-
sion: H. B. 1181 is subject to strict scrutiny. Take a law
burdening protected speech based on its content -- as H. B.
1181 does for every adult -- and the standard of review fol-
lows in its wake. See Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. v.
FCC, (1994) (We "apply the most exacting
Page Proof Pending Publication
scrutiny to regulations that suppress, disadvantage, or im-
pose differential burdens upon speech because of its con-
tent"). It does not matter whether we are persuaded in a
given case that the State, in passing the regulation, had laud-
able, even compelling aims. See Reed, 576 U. S., at 166 (A
good "justifcation cannot transform a facially content-based
law into" the opposite). Those interests are considered only
in applying strict scrutiny, not in deciding whether that is
the right standard to be applied. Over the years, we have
recited the governing rule almost like a mantra: If a law
burdens protected speech based on what that speech says or
depicts -- as H. B. 1181 does -- the law has to clear the strict-
scrutiny bar.
B
What is more, our precedents have applied that rule in
four cases similar to this one -- when a statute has limited
adults' access to sexually explicit materials in order to pre-
vent those materials from getting to minors. The laws at
506 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Kagan, J., dissenting

issue pertained to diverse media -- the telephone, cable, and
(twice, as here) the internet. But the analysis about the
level of scrutiny was in each case the same. To show the
Court's (previous) consistency -- and its relevance today -- it
is worth reviewing them one by one by one by one.
In Sable Communications v. FCC, the Court considered a
statute directed at dial-a-porn services that prohibited sexu-
ally "indecent" telephone messages, extending beyond those
obscene for adults under Miller. 492 U. S., at 122 -- 123.
The Government defended the law as an effort to protect
children from exposure to the speech. See id., at 128. We
recognized that interest as compelling. See id., at 126.
But we also understood that adults had a "protected" First
Amendment right to listen to the non-obscene indecent
speech that the law covered. Ibid. And so the Court ap-
plied strict scrutiny -- thus requiring the Government to
show that the statute did not "unnecessarily interfer[e] with
Page Proof Pending Publication
[adults'] First Amendment freedoms." Ibid.
Then, in Reno v. American Civil Liberties Union, -- 861 (1997), the Court addressed a statute bar-
ring internet transmissions of obscene, indecent, or "patently
offensive" messages to those under 18, with an affrmative
defense available to anyone making use of age verifcation
measures. Although the statute encompassed only commu-
nications to minors and excused from penalties those using a
"reasonable" method to verify age, the Court recognized the
"burden" that the statute would impose "on adult speech."
Id., at 860, 874. Because of that "interfere[nce] with adult-
to-adult communication" -- and despite the signifcance of the
Government interest "in protecting children" -- the Court
again insisted on applying strict scrutiny. Id., at 875 -- 876.
So once more the key issue was whether "less restrictive
alternatives would be at least as effective in achieving" the
Government's goals. Id., at 874.
Next, in United States v. Playboy Entertainment Group,
Inc., (2000), the Court evaluated a law re-
 Cite as: (2025) 507

Kagan, J., dissenting

quiring that "sexually-oriented" cable channels "limit their
transmission to hours when children are unlikely to be view-
ing." "[W]hat standard [must] the Government" meet, the
Court asked, for the law to survive? Id., at 814. We did
not think the question close. "As we consider a content-
based regulation" of "protected speech," we said, "the an-
swer should be clear: The standard is strict scrutiny." Ibid.;
see id., at 812 -- 813. So "if a less restrictive means" would
serve the Government's goals, "the Government must use
it." Id., at 815. Otherwise, the Court explained, the Gov-
ernment could, contrary to the First Amendment, "restrict
speech without an adequate justifcation." Id., at 813.
And the denouement: The statute the Court addressed in
Ashcroft v. American Civil Liberties Union, 
(2004), was a near-twin of Texas's. The Child Online Protec-
tion Act (COPA) prohibited commercial entities from posting
on the internet content "harmful to minors." Id., at 661
Page Proof Pending Publication
(1)). And just like H. B. 1181,
that statute defned the covered material by adapting the
Miller obscenity test for children -- thus creating a category
of obscene-for-children speech. See 542 U. S., at 661 -- 662;
supra, at 503. So too, COPA made the adoption of an age
verifcation system crucial. It did so by providing an af-
frmative defense to any entity that verifed age through an
"adult personal identifcation number" or similar mechanism
before granting access to the posted materials. Ashcroft,
542 U. S., at 662. So, as in H. B. 1181, if the poster verifed
age, no liability could attach. How, then, to analyze such a
statute? The Court viewed the problem as it had in prior
cases: COPA, though directed at keeping sexually explicit
materials from children, "was likely to burden some speech
that is protected for adults." Id., at 665. And because of
that "content-based restriction," the Court needed to apply
strict scrutiny. Id., at 660, 665, 670. The Government thus
had to show that "the proposed alternatives will not be as
effective as the challenged statute." Id., at 665. In short,
508 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Kagan, J., dissenting

Ashcroft adhered to the view that " `the governmental inter-
est in protecting children from harmful materials' does not
`justify an unnecessarily broad suppression of speech ad-
dressed to adults.' " Lorillard Tobacco Co. v. Reilly, (2001) (Thomas, J., concurring in part and con-
curring in judgment).1
Four times, one result. Which is not surprising, because
it is the result that basic First Amendment principles com-
mand. A statute tries to cut off children's access to sexually
explicit speech, in line with the most worthy objectives.
But the statute as well impedes adults' access to that speech,
which the First Amendment protects. And the statute does
so by drawing content-based lines: Sexually explicit speech
is burdened, other speech is not. It follows, as the night the
day, that strict scrutiny applies -- that the statute, in addition
to serving a compelling purpose, can restrict only as much
adult speech as is needed to achieve the State's goal. That
is true in the four cases above, and it is true in this case too.
Page Proof Pending Publication
C
Applying strict scrutiny in this context, however, need not
be a death sentence. To the contrary, a State exercising

1
The majority does -- and then does not -- accept this simple fact. It
frst acknowledges that Ashcroft decided "COPA was subject to strict
scrutiny." Ante, at 476. But later, it tries to take part of its concession
back. The Ashcroft Court, it says, could not have "comprehensive[ly]"
addressed the "appropriate standard of scrutiny for laws protecting chil-
dren from sexual content online, given that the appropriate standard was
not even a contested issue in the case." Ante, at 490. The second half
of that sentence is right, but it does not support the frst. Having argued
in Sable, Reno, and Playboy for a less rigorous standard of review -- and
been rebuffed each time -- the Government in Ashcroft fnally gave up.
Or otherwise said, it recognized reality. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 64. Three
times before, the Court had said something like, "[T]he answer should be
clear: The standard is strict scrutiny." United States v. Playboy Enter-
tainment Group, Inc., (2000). The Court did so again,
and just as frmly, in Ashcroft.
 Cite as: (2025) 509

Kagan, J., dissenting

care should be able to devise a regulatory means of achieving
its objective consistent with the First Amendment.
The frst part of the strict-scrutiny test is here easy to
meet. The majority is right that a State has a compelling
interest in shielding children from the obscene-for-children
materials that H. B. 1181 covers. See ante, at 496. This
Court has said as much before. See Sable, 492 U. S., at 126
(recognizing a "compelling interest in protecting the physical
and psychological well-being of minors," which "extends to
shielding" them from materials "not obscene by adult stand-
ards"); Denver Area, 518 U. S., at 743 (plurality opinion) (not-
ing that the interest in "protect[ing] children from exposure
to patently offensive sex-related material" is "one that this
Court has often found compelling"). And a State is entitled
to think that the need has become only more urgent over
the years, given the time children now spend online and the
materials they can fnd there. See ante, at 491.
Page Proof Pending Publication
The critical question, then, is whether the State can show
that it has limited no more adult speech than is necessary to
achieve its goal. Or said another way (in fact, Ashcroft's
way), whether the State can show that "the proposed alter-
natives will not be as effective as the challenged statute."
542 U. S., at 665. If the State cannot, the statute should not
take effect, because it would limit protected speech unneces-
sarily. There would be every reason to make the State
switch to a less-speech-restrictive, equally-or-more-effective
regulatory mechanism. But a State that has closely at-
tended to the speech consequences of its regulation might
well make the required showing in this sphere. Given how
the internet works, no court should expect that a law effec-
tively shielding children from sexually explicit expression
could leave adults wholly unaffected. To the contrary, such
a law will almost necessarily impose corollary burdens.
And Texas may be right that the commonly proposed alter-
natives to laws like H. B. 1181 -- such as content fltering
technology -- cannot equal, or even approach, age verifcation
510 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Kagan, J., dissenting

systems in effectiveness. See Brief for Respondent 37 -- 38.
In that event, those alternatives will be irrelevant to the
inquiry, and a court will explore only whether another,
equally effective age verifcation mechanism will place a
lesser burden on protected speech. Review of that kind
should not be the horror show for Texas and other States
that the majority maintains. See ante, at 483 -- 485. It is
just what they should have to pass before implementing a
content-based burden on protected expression.

II
How does the majority reach a different result?
The analytic path of today's opinion is winding, but I take
the majority to begin with a conviction about where it must
not end -- with strict scrutiny. The majority is not so coy
about this backwards reasoning. To the contrary, it defends
it. See ante, at 494. The "legitimacy" of age verifcation
Page Proof Pending Publication
schemes for sexually explicit speech, the majority tells us, is
"uncontroversial" (despite Reno and Ashcroft). Ante, at
494. And "[a]pplying the more demanding strict-scrutiny
standard would call" those schemes "into question." Ante,
at 483. Ergo, its conclusion. I have just explained why the
majority's fear is overblown -- why in fact carefully drawn
age verifcation laws stand a real chance of surviving strict
scrutiny. But suppose I am wrong. Suppose there are both
less speech-restrictive and equally effective ways to accom-
plish the State's goal of protecting children from sexually
explicit materials. In that event, strict scrutiny tells us, the
State should use those constitutionally superior alternatives.
And why argue with that? The usual way constitutional re-
view works is to fgure out the right standard (here, strict
scrutiny because H. B. 1181 is content-based), and let that
standard work to a conclusion. It is not to assume the con-
clusion (approve H. B. 1181 and similar age verifcation laws)
and pick the standard sure to arrive there. But that is what
the majority does. To answer what standard of scrutiny ap-
 Cite as: (2025) 511

Kagan, J., dissenting

plies, the majority frst spends four pages lauding age verif-
cation schemes as "common," "traditional," "appropriate,"
and "necessary." Ante, at 478 -- 482. In other words, all
over the place, and a good thing too. No wonder the major-
ity doesn't land on strict scrutiny.
The more puzzling question is how the majority's reason-
ing fts with the idea that the First Amendment plays any
role at all. For quite some time in today's opinion, speech
rights are pushed to the sidelines, or entirely off the feld.
Age verifcation schemes are just age verifcation schemes -- 
again, "common," "traditional," "appropriate," and "neces-
sary." Ibid. States use them to regulate purchases of liq-
uor and lottery tickets and freworks. And so, the majority
says, States can also use them to regulate access to speech
that is obscene for children. The power to prevent minors
from gaining access to that speech "necessarily includes" the
power to require proof of age. Ante, at 478. And that
Page Proof Pending Publication
means, the majority concludes, that "accessing material ob-
scene to minors without verifying one's age is not constitu-
tionally protected," even for adults. Ante, at 483 (emphasis
deleted). It would seem the analysis is complete. If the
First Amendment does not protect adults in viewing
obscene-for-children materials unimpeded by age verifca-
tion, as the majority argues, then how could there be any
constitutional objection to age verifcation laws like H. B.
1181? Or said otherwise, why would those laws have to sat-
isfy any heightened constitutional standard, whether strict
or intermediate? We have apparently arrived at a place
where States can act free of all constitutional scrutiny.
But that cannot be, for reasons that by now should sound
familiar. As discussed earlier, speech that is obscene for
children is often not obscene for adults. See supra, at 503.
When that is so, the First Amendment protects adults' ac-
cess to obscene-for-children speech (unlike to liquor, lottery
tickets, or freworks). Or otherwise said, the First Amend-
ment gives them a right in that expression. And because of
512 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Kagan, J., dissenting

that protected right, different rules apply. Without a spe-
cial justifcation, a State cannot prohibit, tax, impede, or oth-
erwise burden an adult's access to obscene-for-children
speech. And an age verifcation requirement is a kind of
burden. It may be smaller or larger -- compare fashing ID
in a store with (in the majority's own example) having to
produce "an affdavit from [a] biological parent." Ante, at
495. It may be a simple inconvenience or it may, as sug-
gested earlier, prevent individuals from exercising the right.
See supra, at 503 -- 504. And those differences may well mat-
ter to the conclusion when a court gets around to applying
the appropriate constitutional standard. But regardless, an
age verifcation mandate burdens an adult's First Amend-
ment protected right in viewing obscene-for-children expres-
sion. So a State's power to prohibit that speech for minors
does not "necessarily include," as the majority contends,
the power to mandate age verifcation. Ante, at 478. It
Page Proof Pending Publication
might or might not, depending on whether the mandate satis-
fes the constitutional scrutiny that its burden on protected
speech requires.
And in the end, the majority has to accept some version of
that argument. For page upon page, the majority explains
that the First Amendment has nothing to say about age veri-
fcation schemes attached to obscene-for-children speech.
See ante, at 478 -- 482. Again, that speech may as well be
liquor, lottery tickets, or freworks, for all it matters to the
"States' authority." Ante, at 478. And then, in the space
of one brief paragraph, the idea falls apart. Yes, the major-
ity at last concedes, "[a]dults have the right to access speech
that is obscene only to minors." Ante, at 482. And yes, the
majority admits, "submitting to age verifcation is a burden
on the exercise of that right." Ante, at 483. So sure, the
majority acknowledges, a really onerous age verifcation
scheme -- like its parental affdavit requirement -- would funk
constitutional review. See ante, at 495. And so too, the ma-
jority says, even the least onerous mandate, like the one in
 Cite as: (2025) 513

Kagan, J., dissenting

Ginsberg v. New York, 643 -- 644 (1968), to
show ID in a store, has to satisfy some form of heightened
constitutional scrutiny. See ante, at 486, 495.2 There is no
getting around the fact: Obscene-for-children speech is con-
stitutionally protected speech for adults. See ante, at 482 -- 
483. And age verifcation schemes "burden[ing]" adults'
"right[s] to access [that] speech" are in fact not the kind of
everyday, "appropriate," and "necessary" regulation courts
can wave on by. Ante, at 478 -- 483. The Constitution, con-
trary to what the majority at frst assured us, is now very
much in the picture.
At that point, one might think, the right approach -- as the
Court once said -- "should be clear: The standard is strict
scrutiny." Playboy, 529 U. S., at 814. Forgive a brief
recap. H. B. 1181 regulates the communicative content of
websites, imposing an age verifcation mandate on those ex-
hibiting a specifed amount of sexually explicit speech that,
Page Proof Pending Publication
while obscene for children, is protected for adults. So the
law directly burdens adults' right to view speech based on
its sexual content. As the Court four times before found,
that means strict scrutiny applies -- even though the State is
attempting to prevent the speech from reaching minors.
See supra, at 502 -- 508.
The majority tries to escape that conclusion with a maneu-
ver found nowhere in the world of First Amendment doc-
trine. It turns out, the majority says, that the First
Amendment only "partially protects" the speech in question:
The "speech is unprotected to the extent the State seeks

2
The majority acknowledges that Ginsberg itself never addressed
whether, or what kind of, constitutional scrutiny is appropriate for age
verifcation laws applying to speech. See ante, at 486, 495. The many
cites to Ginsberg in the majority opinion function mainly as atmosphere,
to remind the reader that age verifcation mandates may impose only a
trivial burden on speech rights. See ante, at 479 -- 480, 483 -- 486, 494.
Which of course is true -- just as it is true that they may impose a signif-
cant one. See ante, at 495; supra, at 503 -- 504.
514 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Kagan, J., dissenting

only to verify age." Ante, at 482, 493, (emphasis de-
leted); see ante, at 492 (the speech is "unprotected to the
extent that the State imposes only an age-verifcation re-
quirement"). Meaning, the speech is unprotected to the ex-
tent that the State is imposing the very burden under re-
view. Or said another way, the right of adults to view the
speech has the burden of age verifcation built right in.
That is convenient, if altogether circular. In the end, the
majority's analysis reduces to this: Requiring age verifca-
tion does not directly burden adults' speech rights because
adults have no right to be free from the burden of age verif-
cation. Gerrymander the right to incorporate the burden,
and the critical conclusion follows. If only other First
Amendment cases were so easy!
Still, the majority must make one more move to square
the circle of all it has said. Recall that notwithstanding the
above, the majority has conceded that "[a]dults have the
Page Proof Pending Publication
right to access" obscene-for-children speech and age verif-
cation schemes are "a burden on the exercise of that right."
Ante, at 482 -- 483; see supra, at 512 -- 513. To account for that
concession in its analysis -- and yet avoid strict scrutiny, as it
wishes -- the majority relies on a well-known distinction in
First Amendment law between direct and incidental restric-
tions on speech. See (sorry) E. Kagan, Private Speech, Pub-
lic Purpose: The Role of Governmental Motive in First
Amendment Doctrine, 63 U. Chi. L. Rev. 413, 491 -- 505 (1996).
Says the majority: The "burden experienced by adults" as a
result of H. B. 1181 is "only incidental to the statute's regula-
tion of activity that is not protected by the First Amend-
ment." Ante, at 483. Or more fully (prepare for a mouth-
ful): " The law directly regulates unprotected activity
(accessing material that is obscene to minors without sub-
mitting to age verifcation) while only incidentally burden-
ing protected activity (ultimately accessing that material)."
Ante, at 492 (emphasis in original). And because the burden
imposed on adults' right to access the materials is only inci-
 Cite as: (2025) 515

Kagan, J., dissenting

dental, the majority concludes, only intermediate scrutiny
need apply. To back up that view, the majority relies (exclu-
sively) on United States v. O'Brien, (1968).
See ante, at 483, 492.
O'Brien actually seems a good place to start in explaining
why H. B. 1181 is not an incidental restriction under our law.
In that case, a war protester who burned his draft card was
charged with violating a statute that made it a crime for
anyone to "knowingly destroy," "mutilate," or "change"
draft registration documents. 391 U. S., at 370 (emphasis
deleted). The Court assumed that O'Brien himself had en-
gaged in expressive conduct: By burning his draft card on
the steps of a government building, he was communicating
opposition to the Vietnam War. See id., at 369 -- 370, 376.
But the law O'Brien broke was not about speech; it was
about conduct. That law, the Court explained, prohibited
all alterations of draft cards, indifferent to whether they
Page Proof Pending Publication
were "public [or] private," expressive or non-expressive.
Id., at 375. So the "limitation on [O'Brien's] First Amend-
ment freedoms" was purely "incidental." Id., at 376. And
because that was so -- because the statute at issue addressed
only the "noncommunicative aspect" of what O'Brien did -- 
the Court decided to apply intermediate scrutiny. Id., at
381 -- 382.
In the years since, this Court has used the O'Brien view
of incidental restrictions in several analytically identical
cases -- when a limitation on conduct, "having no connection
with speech," happens to sweep in a person's expressive act.
Id., at 375. In one, the National Park Service invoked a
regulation that banned camping (defned to include sleeping)
in designated parks to prevent a sleep-in demonstration
about homelessness. Clark v. Community for Creative
Non-Violence, -- 291 (1984). The Court ap-
plied the O'Brien standard and approved the Park Service's
action. In another, a law against "reenter[ing] a military
base after having been barred by the commanding offcer"
516 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Kagan, J., dissenting

was used to charge a person who had reentered a base to
participate in a political demonstration. United States v.
Albertini, -- 678 (1985). We upheld the con-
viction under O'Brien. And in a third, the question was
whether a law banning public nudity could be applied to an
establishment featuring "expressive" nude dancing. Erie v.
Pap's A. M., (2000) (plurality opinion).
Once again, we understood the case as in the O'Brien line,
because a prohibition of conduct had an "incidental" effect
on an expressive act. 529 U. S., at 294 -- 295, 301. So we
used the O'Brien standard, and approved the nudity ban's
application.
None of this has any bearing on H. B. 1181. That statute
is not a regulation of conduct that just so happens, on occa-
sion, to impinge on expressive activity. It is instead a direct
regulation of speech, triggered by the amount of sexually
explicit expression on a commercial website. Or said a bit
Page Proof Pending Publication
differently: Rather than address the "noncommunicative" as-
pects of an activity -- as all the laws described above did -- 
H. B. 1181 regulates (and regulates only) what no one here
disputes are communicative messages. O'Brien, 391 U. S.,
at 382. Consider: a law about altering draft certifcates; a
law about sleeping in parks; a law about reentering military
bases; a law about public nudity; a law about sexually explicit
postings on websites. Which one of those laws is not like
the others? As to the frst four laws, the regulation is of
conduct, and the burden on expression a rare knock-on effect.
As to the ffth, the regulation is of speech, and the burden
on that speech the very thing the statute does. See Holder
v. Humanitarian Law Project, (2010) (noting
that O'Brien applies only when the "thing actually at issue"
is "conduct"). The burden H. B. 1181 imposes, of course,
raises constitutional concerns only for adults. But that fact
does not make the law any less a direct, not incidental, re-
striction on protected expression. H. B. 1181 targets com-
municative content, and that alone -- restricting adults' ac-
 Cite as: (2025) 517

Kagan, J., dissenting

cess to speech because of what it portrays, rather than
because of any non-communicative element that it possesses.
And this Court, in four prior cases involving similar regu-
lations enacted for similar reasons, has not once proposed
an analogy to O'Brien. Forgive another brief recap. See
supra, at 505 -- 508. In all of those cases, States burdened
protected speech for adults as a way of cutting off children's
access to the expression. Two of those efforts involved in-
ternet speech. The same two made liability for infractions
turn on whether the publisher of the speech used an age
verifcation measure. One of them -- Ashcroft -- defned the
regulated speech identically to H. B. 1181 (using the Miller
test adapted for minors). Yet in none of the four cases did
even a single Justice foat the idea that, because the restric-
tion was geared toward protecting minors or involved age
verifcation, the statute somehow effected only an incidental
restriction. In every one, it was common ground (even
among the dissenting Justices) that the statute's restriction
Page Proof Pending Publication
on adults' access to speech was direct. So our precedents
stand as an embarrassment to the majority's reasoning.
The majority's primary -- and defcient -- response is that
those cases involved "outright bans" on speech, whereas this
one involves only a burden. Ante, at 489; see ante, at 485 -- 
489. To begin with, that assertion is factually inaccurate as
to three of the four. In Playboy, the law did not ban adult
cable channels, but instead limited their transmission to
hours when children were unlikely to be in the audience.
See 529 U. S., at 806, 812. (The allowable hours were 10 p.m.
to 6 a.m. -- when, the District Court found, between 50% and
70% of adult viewing occurs anyway. See ibid.) So as the
Court took care to explain, the statute did "not impose a
complete prohibition." Id., at 812. Rather, it effected only
a "content-based burden" -- as H. B. 1181 does. Ibid.3
3
The majority does not know what to do with the Playboy Court's de-
scription, so merely asserts that channeling adult programming to evening
hours is a "ban." Ante, at 487,. But why? If a park's hours were
518 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Kagan, J., dissenting

The same is true of the statutes in Reno and Ashcroft, and
in a way even more similar to Texas's law. Recall that
under those statutes, publishers using age verifcation meas-
ures had an affrmative defense to all liability. See supra,
at 505 -- 508. So as long as those measures were in place,
publishers could confdently press send on whatever sexual
content they wanted to transmit. The majority argues that
H. B. 1181 is yet more protective of publishers, because it
turns the affrmative defense into an element -- putting the
burden on the State to show the absence of age verifcation
measures. See ante, at 488 -- 489. But in this context, the
difference between an affrmative defense and an element is
but a smidge: It will matter only when a jury thinks the
presence (or absence) of age verifcation is a literal toss-up
(which in the real world will be rare). And even if the dif-
ference is more than I think, it is one between two points on
a continuum -- not (as the majority insists) the dividing line
between a "ban" and a "burden" on speech.
Page Proof Pending Publication
Much more important, the distinction between bans and
burdens makes no difference to the level of scrutiny. When
a statute draws lines based on the content of speech, strict
scrutiny is required regardless of the amount of speech af-
fected. Playboy made that point, in this context, at some
length. "It is of no moment" to the level of scrutiny, the
Court stated, that a law restricting speech "does not impose
a complete prohibition." 529 U. S., at 812.
And if that weren't clear enough: "The Government's
content-based burdens must satisfy the same rigorous scru-
limited to between 9 a.m. and 9 p.m., is there really a "ban" on entering
the park? Does it matter when people typically use the park -- or watch
adult programming? If so, where is the tipping point? Questions like
these may not have easy answers (which is one good reason not to make
too much ride on the ban/ burden line, see infra, at 518 -- 519). But the
important point here is that Playboy understood the statute before it as
imposing only a burden, not a ban -- and still applied strict scrutiny. So
its analysis -- not its "dicta," but its so-called ratio decidendi -- refutes the
majority's position. Ante, at 487,.
 Cite as: (2025) 519

Kagan, J., dissenting

tiny as its content-based bans." Ibid. And if that weren't
clear enough: When a statute regulates expressive content,
no "special consideration" is given to the government
"merely because the law can somehow be described as a bur-
den rather than outright suppression." Id., at 826. What's
more, Playboy is not alone in repudiating the majority's rea-
soning. The refusal to countenance the ban/ burden line the
majority today peddles is fundamental to our free speech
doctrine. Take any subject -- say, because it is close to
home, the Supreme Court. Ban speech about the Court; tax
speech about the Court ($20 a pop); limit speech about the
Court to certain times (Tuesdays and Thursdays); or (as
here) demand identifcation to gain access to websites ad-
dressing the Court. Ban or burden, the level of scrutiny is
the same: strict. See, e. g., Turner, 512 U. S., at 642 (stating
the rule); Sorrell v. IMS Health Inc., -- 566
(2011) (same); see also, e. g., Reed, 576 U. S., at 159, 172 (ad-
Page Proof Pending Publication
hering to the rule when reviewing mere burdens); Simon &
Schuster, Inc. v. Members of N. Y. State Crime Victims Bd.,
(1991) (same). So the principal distinction
the majority draws between this case and the four that
should control it is a non-distinction, by command of how we
have always understood the First Amendment.
That leaves only the majority's claim -- again mistaken -- 
that the internet has changed too much to follow our prece-
dents' lead. See ante, at 489 -- 491. Of course technology
has developed, both swiftly and surely. And that fact might
matter (as indeed the burden/ ban distinction might) to how
strict scrutiny applies -- and particularly to whether the
State can show it has adopted the least speech-restrictive
means to achieve its goal. Ashcroft explicitly recognized
that point: It thought that, given the pace of technological
change, the District Court might make a different decision
than it had fve years earlier about whether there were "less
restrictive alternative[s]" to COPA. 542 U. S., at 671 -- 672.
To that extent -- but to that extent only -- the majority is
520 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Kagan, J., dissenting

right that Ashcroft was "self-consciously narrow and fact-
bound." Ante, at 490. Not, though, as to the level of scru-
tiny. On that question, the Court was unequivocal that be-
cause COPA was "a content-based speech restriction," it
must satisfy the strict-scrutiny test. 542 U. S., at 665; see
supra, at 507 -- 508, and. For that was a matter of basic
First Amendment principle. And as this Court has under-
stood: "Whatever the challenges of applying the Constitution
to ever-advancing technology, the basic principles of the
First Amendment do not vary." Moody v. NetChoice, LLC,
(2024) ); see TikTok Inc.
v. Garland, (2025) (Gorsuch, J., concurring
in judgment) ("[E]ven as times and technologies change, `the
principle of the right to free speech is always the same' "

(Holmes, J., dissenting))).
Except that those basic principles do vary today.
Page Proof Pending Publication
III
The last part of the majority's opinion -- plus some of its
footnotes -- shows why all this matters. In concluding that
H. B. 1181 passes constitutional muster, the majority states
(correctly) that under intermediate scrutiny Texas need not
show it has selected the least speech-restrictive way of ac-
complishing its goal. See ante, at 496. Even if there were
a mechanism that (1) as well or better prevented minors'
access to the covered materials and (2) imposed a lesser bur-
den on adults' ability to view that expression, Texas could
spurn that "superior" method. Ante, at 498. Likewise, the
majority -- because it is applying a more forgiving stand-
ard -- can ignore a host of questions about how far H. B. 1181
burdens protected expression. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 67 -- 68.
In the fne print of two footnotes, the majority declares that
it has no need to explore (1) whether H. B. 1181 requires
covered websites to demand age verifcation for all their con-
 Cite as: (2025) 521

Kagan, J., dissenting

tent or only for the subset that is obscene for minors;
(2) whether H. B. 1181 requires that covered speech be ob-
scene "only to a minor (including a toddler)" or "to all minors
(including 17-year-olds)"; and (3) whether H. B. 1181 permits
websites to use "newer biometric methods of age verifca-
tion, like face scans," that pose fewer privacy concerns than
submitting government ID and transactional data. Ante, at
481, (emphasis in original); ante, at 498,. The ma-
jority explains that even if Texas answered each of those
questions in a maximally burdensome way -- requiring gov-
ernment ID to view speech that is protected even for chil-
dren because one-third of the website's contents are obscene
for two-year-olds -- H. B. 1181 can go forward. And again,
that is true even if Texas has a less burdensome way of
"equally or more effective[ly]" achieving its objective.
Ante, at 497.
I would demand Texas show more, to ensure it is not un-
dervaluing the interest in free expression. Texas can of
Page Proof Pending Publication
course take measures to prevent minors from viewing
obscene-for-children speech. But if a scheme other than
H. B. 1181 can just as well accomplish that objective and
better protect adults' First Amendment freedoms, then
Texas should have to adopt it (or at least demonstrate some
good reason not to). A State may not care much about safe-
guarding adults' access to sexually explicit speech; a State
may even prefer to curtail those materials for everyone.
Many reasonable people, after all, view the speech at issue
here as ugly and harmful for any audience. But the First
Amendment protects those sexually explicit materials, for
every adult. So a State cannot target that expression, as
Texas has here, any more than is necessary to prevent it
from reaching children. That is what we have held in cases
indistinguishable from this one. And that is what founda-
tional First Amendment principles demand. Because the
majority departs from that right and settled law, I respect-
fully dissent.
 Reporter's Note

The attached opinion has been revised to refect the usual publication
and citation style of the United States Reports. The revised pagination
makes available the offcial United States Reports citation in advance of
publication. The syllabus has been prepared by the Reporter of Decisions
for the convenience of the reader and constitutes no part of the opinion of
Page Proof Pending Publication
the Court. A list of counsel who argued or fled briefs in this case, and
who were members of the bar of this Court at the time this case was
argued, has been inserted following the syllabus. Other revisions may
include adjustments to formatting, captions, citation form, and any errant
punctuation. The following additional edits were made:

p. 476, lines 7 -- 8: "Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998" is
changed to "Child Online Protection Act"

============================================================

JUSTICE THOMAS, with whom JUSTICE GORSUCH joins,
dissenting from the denial of certiorari.
During the COVID -- 19 pandemic, the City of Los Angeles
enacted an eviction moratorium that " 'effectively pre-
clude[d] residential evictions.' " 2022 WL 17069822, *1 (CD
Cal., Nov. 17, 2022). Among other restrictions, this policy
barred landlords from evicting tenants "due to COVID-
related nonpayment of rent." Ibid. Petitioners -- 13 owners
of Los Angeles apartment buildings and their shared man-
agement company -- sued the city, arguing that the morato-
rium effected a per se physical taking, in violation of the
Takings Clause's prohibition on takings of "private prop-
erty... for public use, without just compensation." U. S.
Const., Amdt. 5. I would grant review of the question
whether a policy barring landlords from evicting tenants for
the nonpayment of rent effects a physical taking under the
Takings Clause.
This question is the subject of an acknowledged Circuit
split. The Eighth and Federal Circuits have held that a bar
on evictions for the nonpayment of rent qualifies as a phys-
ical taking, while the Ninth Circuit has held that it does
not. Compare Darby Development Co. v. United States, 112
F. 4th 1017, 1034 -- 1035 (CA Fed. 2024), and Heights Apart-
ments, LLC v. Walz, 30 F. 4th 720, 733 (CA8 2022), with
2024 WL 2795190, *1 (CA9, May 31, 2024). In issuing the
decision below, the Ninth Circuit expressly acknowledged
2 GHP MANAGEMENT CORP. v. LOS ANGELES

THOMAS, J., dissenting

this split. See ibid.,.
This Circuit split stems from confusion about how to rec-
oncile two of our precedents. The Ninth Circuit treated as
controlling this Court's decision in Yee v. Escondido, (1992), which held that a statute did not effect a
physical taking when it allowed mobile home owners to
evict tenants only after an onerous delay. Id., at 527 -- 528.
The Yee Court explained that "[t]he government effects a
physical taking only where it requires the landowner to sub-
mit to the physical occupation of his land," whereas the
landlord petitioners in Yee had voluntarily contracted with
their tenants and were accordingly subject to laws "regu-
lat[ing their] use of their land by regulating the relationship
between landlord and tenant." Ibid. Thus, in the Ninth
Circuit's view, the Los Angeles eviction moratorium did not
"effect a taking" because petitioners had already "opened
their property to occupation by tenants." 2024 WL
2795190, *1.
By contrast, the Eighth and Federal Circuits looked to
our more recent decision in Cedar Point Nursery v. Hassid,
(2021). There, we held that a law requiring
agricultural employers to allow labor organizers onto their
property constituted a physical taking because it "appropri-
ate[d] for the enjoyment of third parties the owners' right
to exclude." Id., at 149. And, the Eighth and Federal Cir-
cuits reasoned, if "forcing property owners to occasionally
let union organizers on their property infringes their right
to exclude," it follows that "forcing them to house non-rent-
paying tenants (by removing their ability to evict)" does too.
Darby, 112 F. 4th, at 1035; accord, Heights Apartments, 30
F. 4th, at 733.
Because "[w]e created this confusion," we have an obliga-
tion to fix it. Gee v. Planned Parenthood of Gulf Coast, Inc.,
(2018) (THOMAS, J., dissenting from
denial of certiorari). That obligation is particularly strong
here, as there is good reason to think that the Ninth Circuit
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

THOMAS, J., dissenting

erred. Under the logic of Cedar Point, and our Takings
Clause doctrine more generally, an eviction moratorium
would plainly seem to interfere with a landlord's right to
exclude. See Alabama Assn. of Realtors v. Department of
Health and Human Servs., (2021) (per
curiam) ("[P]reventing [landlords] from evicting tenants
who breach their leases intrudes on one of the most funda-
mental elements of property ownership -- the right to ex-
clude"). Nor does Yee dictate otherwise: Although the stat-
ute there constrained landlords' right to evict, it was not
"an outright prohibition on evictions for nonpayment of
rent." Darby, 112 F. 4th, at 1035; see 503 U. S., at 527 -- 528.
Finally, this issue is important and recurring. Given the
sheer number of landlords and tenants, any eviction-
moratorium statute stands to affect countless parties. And,
the end of the COVID -- 19 pandemic has not diminished the
importance of this issue. Municipalities continue to enact
eviction moratoria in the wake of other emergencies. See,
e.g., San Diego Cty., Cal., Ordinance No. 10936, (N. S.)
(2025) (codified at San Diego Cty., Cal., Code of Regulatory
Ordinances tit. 3, div. 1, ch. 5,.503); Statement of
Proceedings for the Public Hearing Meeting of the Board
of Supervisors of the Cty. of Los Angeles 7 -- 8 (Feb.
25, 2025), https://file.lacounty.gov/SDSInter/bos/sop/
1178834_022525.pdf. Even if it were otherwise, we would
do well to clarify our case law now, rather than in the heat
of the next national emergency.
* * *
This case meets all of our usual criteria for granting cer-
tiorari, and it does not contain any impediments that would
hamper our review. The Court nevertheless denies certio-
rari, leaving in place confusion on a significant issue, and
leaving petitioners without a chance to obtain the relief to
which they are likely entitled. I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

Statement of THOMAS, J.

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
KARI MACRAE v. MATTHEW MATTOS, ET AL.
ON PETITION FOR WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED
STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FIRST CIRCUIT
No. 24 -- 355. Decided June 30, 2025

The petition for a writ of certiorari is denied.
Statement of JUSTICE THOMAS, respecting the denial of
certiorari.
Hanover Public Schools and two of its officials (collec-
tively, respondents) fired petitioner Kari MacRae for her
pre-employment political expression on the social-media
platform TikTok. Through her personal account, MacRae
had "liked, shared, posted, or reposted" six memes -- images
or other items that are " 'spread widely online' " -- expressing
her views that immigration laws should be enforced, that
an individual's sex is immutable, and that society should be
racially color-blind. 106 F. 4th 122, 126 -- 128, and (CA1
2024). After her firing, MacRae sued respondents for "re-
taliating against her for exercising her First Amendment
rights." Id., at 130. But, the District Court granted sum-
mary judgment to respondents, and the First Circuit af-
firmed, finding that MacRae had not established a pro-
tected First Amendment interest under this Court's
framework for public-employee speech. Because her peti-
tion for a writ of certiorari does not squarely challenge the
First Circuit's application of that framework, I agree with
our decision to deny it. I write separately, however, to raise
serious concerns about the First Circuit's approach.
Our precedents establish that "the First Amendment pro-
tects a public employee's right, in certain circumstances, to
speak as a citizen addressing matters of public concern."
Garcetti v. Ceballos, (2006). Although
"[g]overnment employers, like private employers, need a
significant degree of control over their employees' words
2 MACRAE v. MATTOS

Statement of THOMAS, J.

and actions," they can regulate their employees' private
speech about "matters of public concern" only to the extent
"necessary... to operate efficiently and effectively." Id., at
418 -- 419. Under the so-called Pickering-Garcetti frame-
work, whether such speech is protected turns on a balanc-
ing test, wherein the employee's speech interest is weighed
against the government's interest as an employer in avoid-
ing workplace disruption. See Garcetti, 547 U. S., at 419;
Pickering v. Board of Ed. of Township High School Dist.
205, Will Cty., (1968).
This case turns on the balancing component of the Pickering-
Garcetti framework. All agree that MacRae's TikTok posts
qualify as speech on matters of public concern, but the First
Circuit concluded that the balance of interests favored re-
spondents. That court first discounted the value of
MacRae's speech interest because her posts, which are re-
produced below, at times spoke in what the court described
as a "mocking, derogatory, and disparaging manner." (See
Figures 1 and 2.) 106 F. 4th, at 137; see Pet. for Cert. 7
(reproducing posts).

Figure 1. Kari MacRae TikTok posts
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Statement of THOMAS, J.

Figure 2. Kari MacRae TikTok posts

In contrast, the First Circuit explained that respond-
ents -- who fired MacRae out of "concer[n] about the poten-
tial negative impact [her] social media posts would have on
staff and students" -- had a " 'strong' " interest in avoiding
disruption, and that they made a "reasonable prediction of
disruption." 106 F. 4th, at 130, 137 -- 138. The court pointed
to factors such as the public attention and news coverage
MacRae had received in light of her position on a neighbor-
ing town's school board, as well as the fact that at least
some Hanover students and staff were aware of her posts.
Id., at 139 -- 141. It also cited the fact that "some of her Tik-
Tok posts (at least arguably) conflicted with the District's
belief of '[e]nsur[ing] a safe learning environment based on
respectful relationships' and Core Value of '[r]espect[ing]... human differences,' " "given the potential to perceive
some of her posts as transphobic, homophobic, or racist."
Id., at 139 -- 140. The First Circuit concluded that, on bal-
ance, the risk of disruption outweighed MacRae's interest.
The First Circuit's analysis strikes me as deeply flawed.
To start, I do not see how the tone of MacRae's posts can
4 MACRAE v. MATTOS

Statement of THOMAS, J.

bear on the weight of her First Amendment interest.
"Speech on matters of public concern is at the heart of the
First Amendment's protection." Snyder v. Phelps, -- 452 (2011) (internal quotation marks and altera-
tions omitted). And, "[t]he inappropriate or controversial
character of a statement is irrelevant to the question
whether it deals with a matter of public concern." Rankin
v. McPherson, (1987). "[H]umor, satire,
and even personal invective can make a point about a mat-
ter of public concern." De Ritis v. McGarrigle, 861 F. 3d
444, 455 (CA3 2017).
Accordingly, we have declined to "affor[d] less than full
First Amendment protection" even for speech that we have
deemed "particularly hurtful," such as the picketing signs
used by the Westboro Baptist Church. Snyder, 562 U. S.,
at 454 -- 456; see id., at 454 (listing, among other Westboro
signs, placards reading, " 'God Hates the USA/Thank God
for 9/11,' " " 'God Hates Fags,' " and " 'Thank God for Dead
Soldiers' ").1 Against this backdrop, I do not see how the
First Circuit could discount the First Amendment value of
MacRae's comparatively mild posts, all of which reflected
positions that represent "by no means an isolated segment
of public opinion." Noble v. Cincinnati and Hamilton Cty.
Public Library, 112 F. 4th 373, 382 (CA6 2024).
The First Circuit's analysis of respondents' countervail-
ing interest in avoiding disruption is similarly questiona-
ble. Although this Court has "consistently... given sub-
stantial weight to government employers' reasonable

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Although Snyder was not a Pickering-Garcetti case, we grounded

our analysis in caselaw from the public-employer context. See 562
U. S., at 451 -- 455. And, our Pickering-Garcetti cases have not treated
the tone or style of an employee's speech as bearing on its First Amend-
ment value. Cf. Rankin, 483 U. S., at 379 -- 380, 386 -- 387 (recognizing,
without qualification, that a "remar[k], after hearing of an attempt on
the life of the President, 'If they go for him again, I hope they get him,' "
"dealt with a matter of public concern").
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Statement of THOMAS, J.

predictions of disruption," the key word here is "reasona-
ble." United States v. Treasury Employees, (1995) (Rehnquist, C. J., dissenting). The First Circuit
accordingly should have discarded factors whose disruptive
potential was purely speculative, such as the fact that
" 'some students and staff... were aware of ' [MacRae's]
posts" or that "students [were overheard] discussing her so-
cial media activity." 106 F. 4th, at 139 -- 140.
Even worse, the First Circuit compounded its reliance on
speculative factors with consideration of illicit ones. We
have made clear that the core First Amendment principle
of viewpoint neutrality applies in the Pickering-Garcetti
context as elsewhere. See Rankin, 483 U. S., at 384 ("Vigi-
lance is necessary to ensure that public employers do not
use authority over employees to silence discourse... simply
because superiors disagree with the content of employees'
speech"). Yet, the First Circuit cited an arguable conflict
between MacRae's posts and institutional expressions of
viewpoint such as Hanover's "Core Value of '[r]espect[ing]... human differences' " as evidence of potential disruption.
106 F. 4th, at 139. It undermines core First Amendment
values to allow a government employer to adopt an institu-
tional viewpoint on the issues of the day and then, when
faced with a dissenting employee, portray this disagree-
ment as evidence of disruption. And, the problem is exac-
erbated in the case of an employee such as MacRae, who
expressed her views only outside the workplace and before
her employment.
Whatever the proper weight of respondents' interest in
minimizing disruption, the First Circuit failed to conduct a
proper balancing inquiry because it improperly discounted
MacRae's First Amendment interest. To its credit, that
court recognized that "[t]he government employer's interest
must be proportional to the value of the employee's speech."
Id., at 136; see Connick v. Myers, (1983)
("[A] stronger showing may be necessary if the employee's
6 MACRAE v. MATTOS

Statement of THOMAS, J.

speech more substantially involved matters of public con-
cern"). But, because the court viewed MacRae's interest as
"weigh[ing] less than it normally would," it did not hold re-
spondents to their full burden. 106 F. 4th, at 137.
This case is the latest in a trend of lower court decisions
that have misapplied our First Amendment precedents in
cases involving controversial political speech. See, e.g.,
L. M. v. Middleborough, 605 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2025)
(ALITO, J., joined by THOMAS, J., dissenting from denial of
certiorari) ( -- 13). And, a concerning number of
these cases have arisen in the context of the Pickering-Gar-
cetti framework. See, e.g., Kennedy v. Bremerton School
Dist., -- 1133 (2019) (statement of
ALITO, J., respecting denial of certiorari) (explaining how
"the Ninth Circuit's understanding of the free speech rights
of public school teachers is troubling"); Porter v. Board of
Trustees of N. C. State Univ., 72 F. 4th 573, 586, 595 (CA4
2023) (Richardson, J., dissenting). If left unchecked, this
number will likely increase: In many cases, government
employers may find it convenient to attempt to "restric[t]... disfavored or unpopular speech in the name of prevent-
ing disruption." Dodge v. Evergreen School Dist. #114, 56
F. 4th 767, 786 (CA9 2022). But, the Pickering-Garcetti
framework plainly forbids using "the guise of protecting ad-
ministrative interests" to "disfavor any particular view." 56
F. 4th, at 785 -- 787; cf. Mahmoud v. Taylor, 606 U. S. ___,
___ (2025) (THOMAS, J., concurring) (recog-
nizing, in the free-exercise context, that school claims of dis-
ruption must be scrutinized to avoid "giv[ing] schools a
playbook for evading the First Amendment").
Lower courts are bound to apply the Pickering-Garcetti
framework as we have articulated it.2 I have serious con-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 This obligation does not mean that the Pickering-Garcetti framework

is necessarily correct as a matter of original meaning. Given that the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Statement of THOMAS, J.

cerns about how the First Circuit applied it here. But, ra-
ther than raise these broader issues, MacRae's petition fo-
cuses on the discrete question whether the framework's bal-
ancing test applies at all in the context of a public
employee's "unrelated, preemployment speech." Pet. for
Cert. i. Because I agree with the Court that this question
does not independently warrant review, I concur in the de-
nial of certiorari. In an appropriate case, I would make
clear that public employers cannot use Pickering-Garcetti
balancing generally or unsupported claims of disruption in
particular to target employees who express disfavored po-
litical views.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
historical rule was that "a public employee had no right to object to [em-
ployer-imposed] restrict[ions on] the exercise of constitutional rights,"
there is good reason to think it may not be. Connick v. Myers, (1983). But, "unless and until this Court revisits it, [the Pick-
ering-Garcetti framework] is binding precedent that lower courts must
faithfully apply." L. M. v. Middleborough, 605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025)
(THOMAS, J., dissenting from denial of certiorari).

============================================================

JUSTICE THOMAS delivered the opinion of the Court.
Texas, like many States, prohibits the distribution of sex-
ually explicit content to children. Tex. Penal Code Ann..24(b) (West 2016). But, although that prohibition may
be effective against brick-and-mortar stores, it has proved
challenging to enforce against online content. In an effort
to address this problem, Texas enacted H. B. 1181, Tex. Civ.
Prac. & Rem. Code Ann..001 et seq. (West Cum.
Supp. 2024), which requires certain commercial websites
that publish sexually explicit content to verify the ages of
their visitors. This requirement furthers the lawful end of
preventing children from accessing sexually explicit con-
tent. But, it also burdens adult visitors of these websites,
who all agree have a First Amendment right to access at
least some of the content that the websites publish. We
granted certiorari to decide whether these burdens likely
render H. B. 1181 unconstitutional under the Free Speech
Clause of the First Amendment. We hold that they do not.
The power to require age verification is within a State's au-
thority to prevent children from accessing sexually explicit
2 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

content. H. B. 1181 is a constitutionally permissible exer-
cise of that authority.
I
A
In 2023, Texas enacted H. B. 1181, a law requiring por-
nographic websites to verify that their users are adults.
H. B. 1181's sponsors proposed the law to address their con-
cern that the internet makes too accessible to minors "hard-
core pornographic content and videos," many of which de-
pict "sexual violence, incest, physical aggression, sexual
assault, non-consent, and teens." App. 254 -- 255. According
to the sponsors, such pornography is "addictive," has harm-
ful "developmental effects on the brain," and leads to "risky
sexual behaviors." Ibid. The Texas Legislature passed the
Act with only a single opposing vote, and the Governor
signed it into law.
The statute applies to any "commercial entity that know-
ingly and intentionally publishes or distributes material on
an Internet website,... more than one-third of which is
sexual material harmful to minors." Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem.
Code Ann..002(a). The statute defines " '[s]exual ma-
terial harmful to minors' " as material that: (1) "is designed
to appeal to or pander to the prurient interest" when taken
"as a whole and with respect to minors"; (2) describes, dis-
plays, or depicts "in a manner patently offensive with re-
spect to minors" various sex acts and portions of the human
anatomy, including depictions of "sexual intercourse, mas-
turbation, sodomy, bestiality, oral copulation, flagellation,
[and] excretory functions"; and (3) "lacks serious literary,
artistic, political, or scientific value for minors.".001(6).
H. B. 1181 requires a covered entity to "use reasonable
age verification methods... to verify that an individual at-
tempting to access the material is 18 years of age or older.".002(a). To verify age, a covered entity must require
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

visitors to "comply with a commercial age verification sys-
tem" that uses "government-issued identification" or "a
commercially reasonable method that relies on public or
private transactional data.".003(b)(2).1 The entity
may perform verification itself or through a third-party ser-
vice..003(b).
If a commercial entity knowingly violates H. B. 1181, the
Texas attorney general may sue to enjoin the violation..006(a). The attorney general may also recover a civil
penalty of up to $10,000 per day that the website is non-
compliant, as well as an additional penalty of up to
$250,000 if any minors access covered sexual material as a
result of the violation..006(b).
H. B. 1181 is not the only law of its kind. At least 21 other
States have imposed materially similar age-verification re-
quirements to access sexual material that is harmful to mi-
nors online.2
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 An entity may also verify age by requiring users to "provide digital

identification," Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code Ann..003(b)(1), which
is defined as "information stored on a digital network that may be ac-
cessed by a commercial entity and that serves as proof of the identity of
an individual,".003(a). The State concedes that "Texas does not
yet have a state issued digital identification card or app." App. 189. Pe-
titioners maintain that no other identification could qualify as "digital
ID" under this definition. Tr. of Oral Arg. 36 -- 37. We assume without
deciding that petitioners are correct.
2 See Ala. Code -- 19G -- 3(a) (Cum. Supp. 2024); 2025 Ariz. Sess. Laws

ch. 193 (to be codified at Ariz. Rev. Stat. Ann. -- 701(A)); Ark. Code
Ann. -- 88 -- 1304(a) (2023); 2024 Fla. Laws ch. 42, (to be codified at
Fla. Stat..1737(2)); 2024 Ga. Laws p. 316 (to be codified at Ga. Code
Ann. -- 5 -- 5(b)); Idaho Code Ann. -- 3803(1) (Cum. Supp. 2024); Ind.
Code -- 4 -- 23 -- 10 (Cum. Supp. 2024); 2024 Kan. Sess. Laws p. 451 (to
be codified at Kan. Stat. Ann. -- 6146(a)); Ky. Rev. Stat. Ann..002(1) (West Cum. Supp. 2024); La. Rev. Stat. Ann. :2121(A)(1)
(West 2025); Miss. Code Ann. -- 77 -- 5(1) (Cum. Supp. 2024); Mont.
Code Ann. -- 14 -- 159(1) (2023); Neb. Rev. Stat. -- 1003(1) (2024);
N. C. Gen. Stat. Ann. -- 501(a) (Supp. 2024); H. B. 1561, 69th Leg.
Assem., Reg. Sess., (N. D. 2025) (to be codified at N. D. Cent. Code
Ann. -- 07(2)); S. C. Code Ann. -- 1 -- 310(C)(1) (Cum. Supp. 2024);
4 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

B
Soon after Texas enacted H. B. 1181, a trade association
for the pornography industry, a group of companies that op-
erate pornographic websites, and a pornography performer
sued the Texas attorney general. These plaintiffs, petition-
ers here, sought to enjoin enforcement of the statute as fa-
cially unconstitutional under the Free Speech Clause of the
First Amendment. They alleged that adults have a right to
access the speech covered by H. B. 1181, and that the stat-
ute impermissibly hinders them from doing so.
The District Court granted petitioners a preliminary in-
junction after concluding that they were likely to succeed
on their claim. The court held that because H. B. 1181 "re-
stricts access to speech" that is constitutionally protected
for adults "based on the material's content," it is subject to
"strict scrutiny" -- the onerous standard of scrutiny applica-
ble to direct invasions of First Amendment rights. Free
Speech Coalition, Inc. v. Colmenero, 689 F. Supp. 3d 373,
391 (WD Tex. 2023). Under that standard, the law would
be constitutional only if Texas could show that it
"(1) serve[s] a compelling governmental interest, (2) [is]
narrowly tailored to achieve it, and (3) [is] the least restric-
tive means of advancing it." Id., at 392. The District Court
acknowledged Texas's compelling interest in preventing "a
minor's access to pornography." Ibid. But, it found that
Texas had failed to "show that H. B. 1181 is narrowly tai-
lored and the least restrictive means of advancing that in-
terest." Id., at 393. In the District Court's opinion, for ex-
ample, encouraging parents to install content-filtering
software on their children's devices would be a less restric-
tive means of accomplishing the State's objective. Id., at
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
H. B. 1053, 100th Leg. Sess., (S. D. 2025) (to be codified in S. D. Cod-
ified Laws ch. 22 -- 24); Tenn. Code Ann. -- 17 -- 912(c) (Supp. 2024);
Utah Code -- 3 -- 1002(1) (Supp. 2024); Va. Code Ann..01 -- 40.5(B)
(2024); 2025 Wyo. Sess. Laws ch. 139, (to be codified at Wyo. Stat.
Ann. -- 3 -- 502(a)).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

401 -- 404.
The U. S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit vacated
the injunction, holding that petitioners were unlikely to
succeed on the merits. The Fifth Circuit viewed H. B. 1181
as a "regulatio[n] of the distribution to minors of materials
obscene for minors," which only incidentally implicates "the
privacy of those adults" seeking to access the regulated con-
tent. 95 F. 4th 263, 269, 271 (2024). And, because minors
have no First Amendment right to access such materials,
the court held that the law was "subject only to rational-
basis review" -- the exceedingly deferential standard appli-
cable to laws that do not implicate fundamental rights. Id.,
at 269. Applying that standard, the court concluded that
H. B. 1181 survived petitioners' challenge because its "age-
verification requirement is rationally related to the govern-
ment's legitimate interest in preventing minors' access to
pornography." Id., at 267.
Judge Higginbotham dissented in relevant part. Like the
District Court, he would have applied strict scrutiny and
found that Texas had failed to meet its burden under that
standard. Id., at 299, 303 -- 304 (opinion dissenting in part
and concurring in part).
Petitioners sought a stay of the Fifth Circuit's judgment,
which this Court denied. 601 U. S. ___ (2024). We granted
certiorari to determine whether H. B. 1181's age-
verification requirement is likely constitutional on its face.
603 U. S. ___ (2024).
II
To determine which standard of First Amendment scru-
tiny applies to Texas's age-verification law, we must first
review some background principles about the First Amend-
ment. Specifically, we must focus on what the First Amend-
ment generally protects, the extent to which it permits
States to restrict minors' access to sexually explicit speech,
and how this Court has addressed earlier laws that aimed
6 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

to prevent children from viewing sexually explicit speech
online.
A
The First Amendment, which applies to the States
through the Fourteenth Amendment, prohibits laws
"abridging the freedom of speech." As "a general matter,"
this provision "means that government has no power to re-
strict expression because of its message, its ideas, its sub-
ject matter, or its content." Ashcroft v. American Civil Lib-
erties Union, (2002). But, this principle "is not absolute." Ibid.
To determine whether a law that regulates speech vio-
lates the First Amendment, we must consider both the na-
ture of the burden imposed by the law and the nature of the
speech at issue. Our precedents distinguish between two
types of restrictions on protected speech: content-based
laws and content-neutral laws. "Content-based laws -- 
those that target speech based on its communicative con-
tent -- are presumptively unconstitutional and may be jus-
tified only if " they satisfy strict scrutiny. Reed v. Town of
Gilbert, (2015). That standard requires
that a law be "the least restrictive means of achieving a
compelling state interest." McCullen v. Coakley, (2014).
Content-neutral laws, on the other hand, "are subject to
an intermediate level of scrutiny because in most cases they
pose a less substantial risk of excising certain ideas or view-
points from the public dialogue." Turner Broadcasting Sys-
tem, Inc. v. FCC, (1994) (citation omit-
ted). Under that standard, a law will survive review "if it
advances important governmental interests unrelated to
the suppression of free speech and does not burden substan-
tially more speech than necessary to further those inter-
ests." Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. v. FCC, (1997) (Turner II ).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

At the same time, not all speech is protected. " 'From
1791 to the present,' " certain " 'historic and traditional cat-
egories' " of speech -- such as "obscenity, defamation, fraud,
incitement, and speech integral to criminal conduct" -- have
been understood to fall outside the scope of the First
Amendment. United States v. Stevens, 
(2010) (citations omitted). States generally may prohibit
speech of this kind without "rais[ing] any Constitutional
problem." Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire, -- 572 (1942). Such prohibitions are subject only to
rational-basis review, the minimum constitutional stand-
ard that all legislation must satisfy. See District of Colum-
bia v. Heller, (2008). Under that
standard, a law will be upheld "if there is any reasonably
conceivable state of facts that could provide a rational ba-
sis" for its enactment. FCC v. Beach Communications, Inc.,
(1993).
B
History, tradition, and precedent recognize that States
have two distinct powers to address obscenity: They may
proscribe outright speech that is obscene to the public at
large, and they may prevent children from accessing speech
that is obscene to children.
By the 18th century, English common law recognized
publishing obscenity as an indictable offense. See Rex v.
Wilkes, 4 Burr. 2527 (K. B. 1770); Rex v. Curl, 2 Strange
789, 93 Eng. Rep. 849 (K. B. 1727). So too did early Ameri-
can decisions. See Commonwealth v. Holmes, 17 Mass. 336,
336 -- 337 (1821); Commonwealth v. Sharpless, 2 Serg. &
Rawle 91, 100 -- 102 (Pa. 1815); Knowles v. State, 3 Day 103,
108 (Conn. 1808). By the end of the Civil War, most States
had prohibited obscenity by statute, and Congress had pro-
hibited sending obscene materials by mail. See An Act Re-
lating to the Postal Laws, 13 Stat. 507; E. Hovey,
Stamping Out Smut: The Enforcement of Obscenity Laws,
8 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

1872 -- 1915, p. 36 (1998). And, from the late 19th century
onward, this Court has consistently recognized the govern-
ment's power to proscribe obscenity. See, e.g., Counterman
v. Colorado, (2023); Roth v. United States,
(1957); Rosen v. United States, -- 43 (1896).
Our precedents hold that speech is obscene to the public
at large -- and thus proscribable -- if (a) "the average person,
applying contemporary community standards[,] would find
that the work, taken as a whole, appeals to the prurient in-
terest"; (b) "the work depicts or describes, in a patently of-
fensive way, sexual conduct specifically defined by the ap-
plicable state law"; and (c) "the work, taken as a whole,
lacks serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value."
Miller v. California, (1973) (internal quota-
tion marks omitted). Our precedents refer to this standard
as "the Miller test."
Miller does not define the totality of States' power to reg-
ulate sexually explicit speech, however. In addition to their
general interest in protecting the public at large, States
have a specific interest in protecting children from sexually
explicit speech. The earliest obscenity decisions recognized
that restricting obscenity served two distinct interests -- 
curbing the "corruption of the public mind in general," and
protecting "the manners of youth in particular." Sharpless,
2 Serge & Rawle, at 103 (opinion of Yeates, J.); see also
Holmes, 17 Mass., at 336 -- 337 (upholding an indictment for
publishing an obscene book tending to " 'the manifest cor-
ruption and subversion of the youth and other good citizens
of [this] Commonwealth' "). Similarly, many early obscenity
statutes targeted for special regulation works "manifestly
tending to the corruption of the morals of youth." E.g., Me.
Rev. Stat., ch. 160, (1840); Mass. Rev. Stat. ch. 130, 
(1836); Mich. Rev. Stat., Pt. 4, Tit. 1, ch. 8, (1838); 1838
Terr. of Wis. Stat., p. 366; Vt. Rev. Stat., ch. 99, 
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

(1840). This trend continued through the time of the Four-
teenth Amendment's ratification, with States routinely en-
forcing statutes that punished indecent publications on the
ground that they corrupted "the morals of youth." E.g.,
Fuller v. People, 92 Ill. 182, 184 (1879); Commonwealth v.
Dejardin, 126 Mass. 46, 46 -- 47 (1878); Barker v. Common-
wealth, 19 Pa. 412, 413 (1852); State v. Hanson, 23 Tex. 233,
233 -- 234 (1859).
Consistent with this history, our precedents recognize
that States can impose greater limits on children's access to
sexually explicit speech than they can on adults' access.
When regulating adult access, a State must define obscen-
ity from the perspective of "the average" adult, Roth, 354
U. S., at 489, and so may not prohibit adults from accessing
speech that is inappropriate only for children, Butler v.
Michigan, (1957). Minors, however, have
long been thought to be more susceptible to the harmful ef-
fects of sexually explicit content, and less able to appreciate
the role it might play within a larger expressive work. See
Ginsberg v. New York, -- 643 (1968);
United States v. Bennett, 24 F. Cas. 1093, 1105 (No. 14,571)
(CC SDNY 1879). They therefore possess "a more restricted
right... to judge and determine for themselves what sex
material they may read or see." Ginsberg, 390 U. S., at 637.
When regulating minors' access to sexual content, the
State may broaden Miller's "definition of obscenity" to cover
that which is obscene from a child's perspective. Ginsberg,
390 U. S., at 638. To be more precise, a State may prevent
minors from accessing works that (a) taken as a whole, and
under contemporary community standards, appeal to the
prurient interest of minors; (b) depict or describe specifi-
cally defined sexual conduct in a way that is patently offen-
sive for minors; and (c) taken as a whole, lack serious liter-
ary, artistic, political, or scientific value for minors. See
10 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

Miller, 413 U. S., at 24; Ginsberg, 390 U. S., at 635, 638.3
Restrictions of this kind trigger no heightened First
Amendment scrutiny and are subject only to rational-basis
review, even though they encompass speech that is "not ob-
scene for adults." Id., at 634, 639.
In sum, two basic principles govern legislation aimed at
shielding children from sexually explicit content. A State
may not prohibit adults from accessing content that is ob-
scene only to minors. Butler, 352 U. S., at 383. But, it may
enact laws to prevent minors from accessing such content.
Ginsberg, 390 U. S., at 637 -- 638.
C
This Court has applied these principles to regulations of
internet-based speech on two prior occasions, both at the
dawn of the internet age. First, in Reno v. American Civil
Liberties Union, (1997), we addressed the con-
stitutionality of the Communications Decency Act of 1996
(CDA), 110 Stat. 133. The CDA criminalized using the in-
ternet to knowingly transmit "obscene or indecent mes-
sages" to a minor, or to knowingly send or display "patently
offensive messages in a manner that is available to" a mi-
nor. 521 U. S., at 859 -- 860. It provided an affirmative de-
fense to "those who restrict access to covered material by
requiring certain designated forms of age proof." Id., at
860 -- 861.
We held that the CDA violated the First Amendment be-
cause it "effectively suppresses a large amount of speech
that adults have a constitutional right to receive." Id., at
874. The CDA's age-verification defense was illusory be-
cause, in many cases, "existing technology did not include
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 H. B. 1181 covers only depictions of activity that would qualify as

"sexual conduct" in an adult obscenity statute. See Tex. Civ. Prac. &
Rem. Code Ann..001(6)(B). We therefore need not decide whether
a statute addressing obscenity to minors can define a broader range of
activity as "sexual conduct" than an adult obscenity statute.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

any effective method for a sender to prevent minors from
obtaining access to its communications on the Internet
without also denying access to adults." Id., at 876.4 And,
even as to minors, the CDA swept far beyond obscenity.
Fairly read, the terms " 'indecent' " and " 'patently offen-
sive' " encompassed "large amounts of nonpornographic ma-
terial with serious educational or other value." Id., at 877.
The Act was thus a "content-based restriction" of protected
speech that could not survive strict scrutiny. Id., at 879.
After Reno, Congress passed the Children's Online Pri-
vacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPA), 112 Stat. 2681 -- 728,
which we addressed in Ashcroft v. American Civil Liberties
Union, (2004) (Ashcroft II ). COPA criminal-
ized posting "content that is 'harmful to minors' " online for
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 Elsewhere in the CDA, Congress recognized that content filtering was

still an emerging technology and that companies attempting to use it
faced serious risks. A year before the CDA's enactment, a New York
court had held that an online service provider could be held liable as a
publisher for defamatory posts by third-party users because the provider
had "held itself out as" "a family oriented computer network" that
screened out inappropriate content. Stratton Oakmont, Inc. v. Prodigy
Servs. Co., 1995 WL 323710, *2 (Sup. Ct. N. Y., May 24, 1995). In re-
sponse, the CDA added a new to the Communications Act of 1934., 110 Stat. 137 -- 139 (codified as amended at 47 U. S. C. ). Sec-
tion 230 provides that computer service providers (1) shall not "be
treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by" a
third party, and (2) shall not "be held liable" for good-faith actions to re-
strict access to material that they consider to be "obscene, lewd, lascivi-
ous, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise objectionable," or
to enable others (such as users) to restrict access to such material.. Congress thereby aimed to spur the development and use of fil-
tering technology so that parents could prevent their children from ac-
cessing sexually explicit content online. See, 110 Stat. 137 (title)
("Online Family Empowerment"); 47 U. S. C. (title) ("Protection for
private blocking and screening of offensive material"); (title)
("Protection for 'Good Samaritan' blocking and screening of offensive ma-
terial"); 141 Cong. Rec. 22045 (1995) (remarks of Rep. Cox) ("We want to
encourage" computer service providers "to help us control... what our
children see" using filtering "technology" that "is very quickly becoming
available").
12 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

" 'commercial purposes.' " Id., at 661 (1)). The Act defined such content as material that
is obscene under the Miller test, as adjusted to minors. 542
U. S., at 661 -- 662 (6)). It also provided "an
affirmative defense to those who employ specified means to
prevent minors from gaining access to the prohibited mate-
rials on their Web site," such as requiring the use of a credit
card or a digital certificate that verifies age. Id., at 662 (cit-
ing (1)). Soon after COPA's passage, a District Court
preliminarily enjoined its enforcement, holding that the Act
likely violated the First Amendment. Id., at 663.
This Court held that the injunction was not an abuse of
discretion. Id., at 664 -- 665. The parties agreed that COPA
was subject to strict scrutiny. So too did this Court, which
briefly noted that this was so because COPA " 'effectively
suppresses a large amount of speech that adults have a con-
stitutional right to receive and to address to one another.' "
Id., at 665. We then fo-
cused our analysis on whether the Government had shown
that it was likely to satisfy its burden under strict scrutiny.
542 U. S., at 666 -- 670. We held that it had not, because the
Government had not ruled out that it could protect children
just as well through the less restrictive means of encourag-
ing parents to install blocking and filtering software on
their computers. Ibid. We also noted that age verification
was "only an affirmative defense," meaning that even
speakers adopting an approved verification method might
be forced to "risk the perils of trial." Id., at 670 -- 671; accord,
id., at 674 (Stevens, J., concurring). And, we leaned heavily
on the abuse-of-discretion standard, observing that "sub-
stantial factual disputes remain[ed] in the case," and that
"the factual record does not reflect current technological re-
ality" because it was "over five years" old. Id., at 671 (ma-
jority opinion).
For the past two decades, Ashcroft II has been our last
word on the government's power to protect children from
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

sexually explicit content online. During this period, the
"technology of the Internet" has continued to "evolv[e] at a
rapid pace." Ibid. With the rise of the smartphone and in-
stant streaming, many adolescents can now access vast li-
braries of video content -- both benign and obscene -- at al-
most any time and place, with an ease that would have been
unimaginable at the time of Reno and Ashcroft II.
III
With that background in mind, we turn now to the level
of scrutiny that applies to H. B. 1181. Petitioners contend
that the law must survive strict scrutiny because it imposes
a content-based regulation on protected speech. The State,
on the other hand, argues that the statute is subject only to
rational-basis review because it does not burden any pro-
tected speech. We think neither party has it right. Apply-
ing our precedents, we hold that intermediate scrutiny ap-
plies.
A
H. B. 1181 is an exercise of Texas's traditional power to
prevent minors from accessing speech that is obscene from
their perspective. To the extent that it burdens adults'
rights to access such speech, it has "only an incidental effect
on protected speech," making it subject to intermediate
scrutiny. Boy Scouts of America v. Dale, 
(2000).
1
Age-verification laws like H. B. 1181 fall within States'
authority to shield children from sexually explicit content.
The First Amendment leaves undisturbed States' tradi-
tional power to prevent minors from accessing speech that
is obscene from their perspective. Ginsberg, 390 U. S., at
641. That power necessarily includes the power to require
proof of age before an individual can access such speech. It
14 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

follows that no person -- adult or child -- has a First Amend-
ment right to access speech that is obscene to minors with-
out first submitting proof of age.
The power to verify age is a necessary component of the
power to prevent children's access to content that is obscene
from their perspective. "No axiom is more clearly estab-
lished in law, or in reason, than that... wherever a general
power to do a thing is given, every particular power neces-
sary for doing it is included." The Federalist No. 44, p. 285
(C. Rossiter ed. 1961) (J. Madison); accord, T. Cooley, Con-
stitutional Limitations 63 (1868); A. Scalia & B. Garner,
Reading Law 192 -- 193 (2012). Hence, where the Constitu-
tion reserves a power to the States, it also reserves "the or-
dinary and appropriate means" of exercising that power. 1
J. Story, Commentaries on the Constitution of the United
States, pp. 412 -- 413 (1833). For example, in the
Eighth Amendment context we have explained that, be-
cause "capital punishment is constitutional,... 'there must
be a constitutional means of carrying it out.' " Glossip v.
Gross, (2015) (alteration omitted). Sim-
ilarly, because the First Amendment permits States to pro-
hibit minors from accessing speech that is obscene to them,
it likewise permits States to employ the ordinary and ap-
propriate means of enforcing such a prohibition. Requiring
proof of age to access that speech is one such means.
Requiring age verification is common when a law draws
lines based on age. For example, Texas, like many States,
requires proof of age to obtain alcohol, Tex. Alco. Bev. Code
Ann..03(b) (2020); tobacco, Tex. Health & Safety Code
Ann..082(d), (e) (Cum. Supp. 2024); a lottery ticket;5
a tattoo, 25 Tex. Admin. Code.406(a), (b) (2024); a
body piercing, ibid.; fireworks, Tex. Occ. Code Ann..252(c) (2019); and a driver's license, Tex. Transp.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 See Tex. Lottery Comm'n, News Release, Texas Lottery Adds Age

Verification to Self-Service Vending Machines (Jan. 7, 2025).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

Code Ann..142(a) (2018). Federal law similarly man-
dates age verification to obtain certain medications from a
pharmacist, 21 CFR.26(c), (d) (2024), or to obtain
employment as a minor, 29 CFR.5 (2024). Fundamen-
tal rights that turn on age are no different. Texas, again
like many States, requires proof of age to obtain a handgun
license, Tex. Govt. Code Ann..174(a)(3) (2019); to reg-
ister to vote, Tex. Elec. Code Ann..002(c)(2), (8) (2020);
and to marry, Tex. Fam. Code.005(a) (Cum. Supp. 2024).
In none of these contexts is the constitutionality of a rea-
sonable, bona fide age-verification requirement disputed.
See New York State Rifle & Pistol Assn., Inc. v. Bruen, -- 39, (2022); Crawford v. Marion County Elec-
tion Bd., -- 203 (2008) (opinion of Stevens,
J.); Zablocki v. Redhail, -- 387 (1978).
Obscenity is no exception to the widespread practice of
requiring proof of age to exercise age-restricted rights. The
New York statute upheld in Ginsberg required age verifica-
tion: It permitted a seller who sold sexual material to a mi-
nor to raise " 'honest mistake' " as to age as an affirmative
defense, but only if the seller had made " 'a reasonable bona
fide attempt to ascertain the true age of [the] minor.' " 390
U. S., at 644. Most States to this day also require age veri-
fication for in-person purchases of sexual material.6 And,
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 See, e.g., Ala. Code -- 12 -- 200.5(1), 13A -- 12 -- 200.5(3)(a) (2015);

Ariz. Rev. Stat. Ann. -- 3501(3)(b), 13 -- 3506(A) (2018); Ark. Code Ann.
-- 68 -- 501(3)(B), 5 -- 68 -- 502(a)(2) (2024); Cal. Penal Code Ann..1(a)
(West 2024); Colo. Rev. Stat. -- 7 -- 501(3)(b), 18 -- 7 -- 502(1) (2024);
Conn. Gen. Stat. -- 196 (2025); Del. Code Ann., Tit. 11, (2),
(i)(1) (2015); D. C. Code -- 2201(b)(1)(A), (b)(2)(F)(ii) (2001 -- 2024); Fla.
Stat..012(1)(b), (3) (2023); Ga. Code Ann. -- 12 -- 102(2)(B), 16 -- 
12 -- 103(a) (2024); Idaho Code Ann. -- 1514(10), 18 -- 1515(1) (2016); Ill.
Comp. Stat., ch. 720, /11 -- 21(b), (c)(1) (West 2023); Ind. Code -- 
49 -- 3 -- 3(a)(1), 35 -- 49 -- 3 -- 4(a)(3) (2024); Iowa Code.2, 728.10 (2023);
Kan. Stat. Ann. -- 6401(b), (h)(1) (2023); La. Rev. Stat. Ann.
:91.11(A)(1), (D) (West 2018); Minn. Stat. Ann..292, subd. 8(2),
617.293, subd. 1 (West 2018); Mont. Code Ann. -- 8 -- 206(1), (2)(a)
16 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

petitioners concede that an in-person age verification re-
quirement is a "traditional sort of law" that is "almost
surely" constitutional. Tr. of Oral Arg. 17.
The facts of Ginsberg illustrate why age verification, as a
practical matter, is necessary for an effective prohibition on
minors accessing age-inappropriate sexual content. The
statute in that case prohibited the knowing sale of sexual
content to a minor under the age of 17. 390 U. S., at 633.
The defendant was convicted of knowingly selling a porno-
graphic magazine to a 16-year-old. Id., at 631. But, most
of the time, it is almost impossible to distinguish a 16-year-
old from a 17-year-old by sight alone. Thus, had the seller
in Ginsberg not had an obligation to verify the age of the
purchaser, he likely could have avoided liability simply by
asserting ignorance as to the purchaser's age. Only an age-
verification requirement can ensure compliance with an
age-based restriction.
The need for age verification online is even greater. Un-
like a store clerk, a website operator cannot look at its visi-
tors and estimate their ages. Without a requirement to sub-
mit proof of age, even clearly underage minors would be
able to access sexual content undetected. " '[T]he basic prin-
ciples of freedom of speech... do not vary' when a new and
different medium for communication appears." Brown v.
Entertainment Merchants Assn., (2011);
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
(2023); Neb. Rev. Stat. -- 808(1), 28 -- 810(1) (2016); N. H. Rev. Stat.
Ann. -- B:1(II)(b), 571 -- B:2(I) (2021); N. M. Stat. Ann. -- 37 -- 
1(G)(2), 30 -- 37 -- 2 (Lexis Nexis 2014); N. Y. Penal Law Ann..21(1),
235.23(2) (West 2024); N. C. Gen. Stat. Ann. -- 190.15(a), 14 -- 
19.15(c)(3) (2023); Ohio Rev. Code Ann..31(A)(1), (B)(3) (West
2020); Okla. Stat., tit. 21,.75(13)(b), 1040.76(2) (2011); 18 Pa.
Cons. Stat., (e)(7)(ii) (Cum Supp. 2022); S. C. Code Ann. -- 
15 -- 385(A), (C)(3) (2023); S. D. Codified Laws -- 24 -- 28, 22 -- 24 -- 31(1)
(2017); Utah Code Ann. -- 10 -- 1206(1)(a) (Lexis Nexis 2017); Vt. Stat.
Ann., Tit. 13, 2805(b)(1) (2018); Va. Code Ann..2 -- 
390(7)(b), 18.2 -- 391(A), (E) (2021); Wis. Stat. Ann..11(2) (West
2023).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

accord, Moody v. NetChoice, LLC, (2024).
Because proof of age performs the same critical function
online that it does in person, requiring age verification re-
mains an ordinary and appropriate means of shielding mi-
nors in the digital age from material that is obscene to
them.
H. B. 1181 imposes an age-verification requirement for
online speech that is obscene to minors. The statute defines
covered " '[s]exual material harmful to minors' " as material
that qualifies as obscene under the Miller test, as adjusted
to the perspective of a minor. Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code
Ann..001(6); see supra, at 2, 8. And, the statute does
not ban adults from accessing this material; it simply re-
quires them to verify their age before accessing it on a cov-
ered website..002(a).7 H. B. 1181 thus falls within
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
7 The parties dispute whether H. B. 1181's definition of " '[s]exual ma-

terial harmful to minors' " requires covered speech to be obscene to all
minors (including 17-year-olds) or only to a minor (including a toddler).
We need not resolve that question here. Whatever obscenity to minors
can mean, the Texas Legislature plainly meant to tie H. B. 1181's defini-
tion to that category of speech. We also doubt that this dispute is as
significant as it first may seem. Because the statute only covers explicit
portrayals of nudity or sex acts that predominantly appeal to the prurient
interest, it cannot conceivably be read to cover, say, a PG -- 13- or R-rated
movie. We further question whether it is coherent to speak of the " 'pru-
rient interest' " of a very young child with no concept of sexuality, so any
reading of the statute may well call for assessing obscenity from the per-
spective of an adolescent. See Ashcroft II, (2004)
(Breyer, J., dissenting).
The parties also dispute whether H. B. 1181 permits a covered website
to require age verification for its sexual material harmful to minors but
not for its other content. We need not resolve this disagreement either.
Even if the statute requires covered websites to demand age verification
for all their content, and even if such a requirement would be unconsti-
tutional, petitioners still have not shown that H. B. 1181 is facially inva-
lid. Under our precedents, a statute is facially invalid under the First
Amendment only if its "unconstitutional applications" are "substantially
disproportionate to the statute's lawful sweep." United States v. Hansen,
(2023). Here, petitioners have not even attempted to
18 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

Texas's traditional power to protect minors from speech
that is obscene from their perspective.
2
Because H. B. 1181 simply requires proof of age to access
content that is obscene to minors, it does not directly regu-
late the protected speech of adults. A law can regulate the
content of protected speech, and thereby trigger strict scru-
tiny, either "on its face" or in its justification. Reed, 576
U. S., at 163 -- 164. H. B.
1181 does not regulate the content of protected speech in
either sense. On its face, the statute regulates only speech
that is obscene to minors. That speech is unprotected to the
extent the State seeks only to verify age. And, the statute
can easily "be justified without reference to the [protected]
content of the regulated speech," because its apparent pur-
pose is simply to prevent minors, who have no First Amend-
ment right to access speech that is obscene to them, from
doing so. Id., at 164.
That is not to say, however, that H. B. 1181 escapes all
First Amendment scrutiny. Adults have the right to access
speech that is obscene only to minors. Butler, 352 U. S., at
383 -- 384. And, submitting to age verification is a burden on
the exercise of that right. But, adults have no First Amend-
ment right to avoid age verification, and the statute can
readily be understood as an effort to restrict minors' access.
Any burden experienced by adults is therefore only inci-
dental to the statute's regulation of activity that is not pro-
tected by the First Amendment. That fact makes interme-
diate scrutiny the appropriate standard under our
precedents. Dale, 530 U. S., at 659.
In this respect, H. B. 1181 is analogous to the prohibition
against destroying draft cards that this Court upheld in

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
show that the covered websites that would segregate their content if
given the choice substantially outnumber those that would not.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

United States v. O'Brien, (1968). The prohi-
bition may have had the effect of making it unlawful to pro-
test the draft by burning one's draft card. See id., at 369.
But, the "destruction" of a draft card is not itself "constitu-
tionally protected activity," because the card is a Govern-
ment document that, among other functions, serves as proof
of registration. Id., at 376, 378. The prohibition on destroy-
ing draft cards thus placed only an incidental burden on
First Amendment expression, making it subject to interme-
diate scrutiny. Id., at 376 -- 377. So too here, because ac-
cessing material obscene to minors without verifying one's
age is not constitutionally protected, any burden H. B. 1181
imposes on protected activity is only incidental, and the
statute triggers only intermediate scrutiny.
B
Applying the more demanding strict-scrutiny standard
would call into question the validity of all age-verification
requirements, even longstanding requirements for brick-
and-mortar stores. But, as petitioners acknowledge, after
Ginsberg, no serious question about the constitutionality of
in-person age-verification requirements for obscenity to mi-
nors has arisen. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 43 (acknowledging
that they "don't know of any... challenge being brought"
to an age-verification requirement for "brick-and-mortar
stores"). Petitioners insist that their proposed rule would
not call into question these "traditional" requirements, be-
cause such requirements would "almost surely satisfy"
strict scrutiny. Id., at 17. They also contend that a suffi-
ciently tailored online age-verification requirement (alt-
hough not Texas's) could satisfy strict scrutiny too. Id., at
6 -- 8. But, if we are not to compromise " '[t]he "starch" in our
constitutional standards,' " we cannot share petitioners'
confidence. Ashcroft II, 542 U. S., at 670 (THOMAS, J., concurring)).
20 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

Strict scrutiny -- which requires a restriction to be the
least restrictive means of achieving a compelling govern-
mental interest -- is "the most demanding test known to con-
stitutional law." City of Boerne v. Flores, 
(1997). In the First Amendment context, we have held only
once that a law triggered but satisfied strict scrutiny -- to
uphold a federal statute that prohibited knowingly provid-
ing material support to a foreign terrorist organization. See
Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project, -- 39
(2010). That case involved an unusual application of strict
scrutiny, since our analysis relied on the "deference" due to
the Executive's "evaluation of the facts" in the context of
"national security and foreign affairs." Id., at 33 -- 34.8
Strict scrutiny is unforgiving because it is the standard
for reviewing the direct targeting of fully protected speech.
Reed, 576 U. S., at 163. Strict scrutiny is designed to en-
force "the fundamental principle that governments have no
power to restrict expression because of its message, its
ideas, its subject matter, or its content." National Institute
of Family and Life Advocates v. Becerra, 
(2018). It succeeds in
that purpose if and only if, as a practical matter, it is fatal
in fact absent truly extraordinary circumstances. Strict
scrutiny therefore cannot apply to laws, such as in-person
age-verification requirements, which are traditional, wide-
spread, and not thought to raise a significant First Amend-
ment issue.
Once again, we need look no further than Ginsberg.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
8 In Williams-Yulee v. Florida Bar, (2015), a bare major-

ity held that a ban on the personal solicitation of campaign donations by
candidates for judicial office survived strict scrutiny. Id., at 444 -- 456.
But, only four Members of the majority thought that the statute trig-
gered strict scrutiny to begin with. Id., at 442 -- 444 (plurality opinion).
The fifth Member, Justice Ginsburg, concluded that strict scrutiny did
not apply and that States enjoy "substantial latitude... to enact
campaign-finance rules geared to judicial elections." Id., at 457 -- 458
(opinion concurring in part and concurring in judgment).
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of the Court

There, this Court observed that it "is very doubtful" that
New York's "legislative finding" about the harmful effects
of the speech its statute restricted "expresses an accepted
scientific fact." 390 U. S., at 641. Nonetheless, because ob-
scenity to minors is not fully protected speech, this Court
readily upheld the statute. Id., at 641 -- 643. Had the Court
applied strict scrutiny, it could not have so easily cast that
doubt aside. Cf. Brown, 564 U. S., at 799 -- 800 (declining to
defer to a legislature's view of "competing psychological
studies" when applying strict scrutiny to a law restricting
minors from purchasing violent video games).
Petitioners would like to invalidate H. B. 1181 without
upsetting traditional in-person age-verification require-
ments and perhaps narrower online requirements. But,
strict scrutiny is ill suited for such nuanced work. The only
principled way to give due consideration to both the First
Amendment and States' legitimate interests in protecting
minors is to employ a less exacting standard.
C
We also reject petitioners' contention that, regardless of
first principles, our precedents require us to apply strict
scrutiny to H. B. 1181. Every case that petitioners cite in-
volved a law that banned both adults and minors from ac-
cessing speech. But, this Court has never held that every
content-based burden on adults' access to speech that is ob-
scene to minors always triggers strict scrutiny.
1
Start with Butler, our earliest relevant precedent. There,
this Court implicitly recognized that States may impose
some burdens on adults in the course of protecting children
from sexual material. The Court held that Michigan's le-
gitimate interest in "shield[ing] juvenile innocence" could
not justify a categorical ban on distributing sexually
themed books " 'tending to the corruption of the morals of
22 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

youth.' " 352 U. S., at 381, 383. In so holding, the Court
admonished the State for overlooking its other statutes "de-
signed to protect its children" that did not impose an out-
right ban. Id., at 383. One of these laws was a prohibition
on exhibiting sexual material " 'tending to the corruption of
the morals of youth' " " 'in any... place within the view of
children passing on any public street or highway.' " Ibid.,
n. This law imposed a content-based restriction on where
adults could view such material. Yet, the Court implicitly
suggested that it was a permissible alternative to an out-
right prohibition.
Similarly, Ginsberg upheld a law that required sellers to
verify age if they wished to raise "honest mistake" of age as
a defense. See 390 U. S., at 644; supra, at 15. In the wake
of that decision, the constitutionality of laws like New
York's that impose in-person age-verification requirements
has been taken as a given. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 43. And,
although Ginsberg did not explicitly address the burden
that age verification imposes on adults, in the almost six
decades since it was decided, no one has thought to subject
such requirements to strict scrutiny.
Petitioners invoke two pre-internet cases in which this
Court applied strict scrutiny. In the first, the Court did so
to invalidate "a blanket prohibition" on "dial-a-porn" phone
messages that were "indecent but not obscene." Sable Com-
munications of Cal., Inc. v. FCC, 126
(1989). In the second, we did so to invalidate "a blanket
ban" on broadcasting "indecent" but "not... obscene" cable
television channels between the hours of 6 a.m. and 10 p.m.
Playboy, 529 U. S., at 808, 811, 814.9 In contrast, H. B.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
9 Playboy held that the statute at issue triggered strict scrutiny be-

cause it banned " '30 to 50% of all adult programming.' " 529 U. S., at
812; see ibid. ("To prohibit this much speech is a significant restriction... " ). Any discussion in that opinion of whether lesser
burdens would also trigger strict scrutiny, see post, at 19 -- 20 (KAGAN, J.,
dissenting), was dicta. In any event, Playboy at a minimum cannot speak
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

Opinion of the Court

1181 is not a blanket prohibition. Adults remain free to ac-
cess pornography on covered websites, so long as they verify
their ages first. Neither Sable nor Playboy addresses the
First Amendment consequences of that more modest bur-
den.
Reno and Ashcroft II -- our two decisions addressing at-
tempts to restrict children's access to pornography online -- 
likewise provide no support for petitioners' position that
strict scrutiny applies. Reno applied strict scrutiny to the
CDA because it operated as a ban on speech to adults. The
CDA made it a crime for any person to post content that is
" 'indecent' " or " 'patently offensive' " anywhere in "the en-
tire universe of cyberspace" where the person knew a child
would be among the recipients. 521 U. S., at 868, 876. And,
although the CDA had an age-verification affirmative de-
fense, that defense was illusory. In many cases, "existing
technology did not include any effective method... to pre-
vent minors from obtaining access... without also denying
access to adults." Id., at 876. The CDA thus triggered -- 
and failed -- strict scrutiny because it "effectively sup-
presse[d] a large amount of speech that adults have a con-
stitutional right to receive" and to share. Id., at 874 (em-
phasis added).10 This kind of ban is categorically different
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
to when burdens on obscenity to minors trigger strict scrutiny. Playboy
addressed a statute restricting " 'indecent' " speech, 529 U. S., at 811,
which is a broader category than obscenity to minors and so is entitled
to greater First Amendment protection, see Reno v. American Civil Lib-
erties Union, (1997) (holding that indecent speech en-
compasses "large amounts of nonpornographic material with serious ed-
ucational or other value"). Thus, a burden on obscenity to minors may
not trigger strict scrutiny even if a comparable burden on indecent
speech would.
10 The dissent contends that Reno imposed a regulation "similar to

Texas's law," not a ban. Post, at 19. But, at the same time, the dissent
acknowledges that the statute at issue in Sable Communications of Cal.,
Inc. v. FCC, (1989), was a ban. See ibid. And, Reno held
that "the CDA effectively resembles the ban on 'dial-a-porn' invalidated
in Sable." 521 U. S., at 875. The dissent's characterization of Reno is at
24 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

from H. B. 1181's age-verification requirement.
Ashcroft II likewise characterized COPA as a ban. COPA
criminally prohibited posting "content that is 'harmful to
minors' " online for " 'commercial purposes,' " subject to an
age-verification affirmative defense. 542 U. S., at 661 -- 662.
We thus applied strict scrutiny, because, as in Reno, the
statute " 'effectively suppresse[d] a large amount of speech
that adults have a constitutional right to receive and to ad-
dress to one another.' " 542 U. S., at 665. Because the parties agreed that strict scru-
tiny applied, the Court's discussion of the applicable stand-
ard was brief. See 542 U. S., at 665. But, its wording was
careful. The Government in Ashcroft II conceded that
COPA triggered strict scrutiny because it "regulates ex-
pression... that is constitutionally protected for adults...
on the basis of its content." Brief for Petitioner in Ashcroft
v. American Civil Liberties Union, O. T. 2003, No. 03 -- 218,
p. 18. Petitioners make essentially that same argument
here. Yet, the Court did not endorse this sweeping proposi-
tion; instead, it invoked the narrower ground that COPA
outright " 'suppresse[d]' " speech between adults. Ashcroft
II, 542 U. S., at 665.
To be sure, COPA established an age-verification defense.
Id., at 662. But, because it did so only as an affirmative
defense, COPA still operated as a ban on the public posting
of material that is obscene to minors. See id., at 661 -- 662
(1), (c)(1)). This was so because
an indictment need only "alleg[e] the necessary elements of
an offense"; it need not "anticipate affirmative defenses."
United States v. Sisson, -- 288 (1970). Un-
der COPA, the Government thus remained free to bring
criminal charges against any covered person who publicly
posted speech that was obscene to minors, even if he had
fully implemented compliant age-verification procedures.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
war with Reno's description of itself.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 25

Opinion of the Court

See Ashcroft II, 542 U. S., at 670 -- 671; id., at 674 (Stevens,
J., concurring). The same is not true under H. B. 1181,
which makes the lack of age verification an element that
the State must plead and prove. Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem.
Code Ann..002(a).
2
Petitioners read Reno and Ashcroft II to establish a com-
prehensive framework to govern all future attempts to re-
strict children's access to online pornography. As we have
just explained, that view cannot be squared with those
cases, which addressed only outright bans on material that
was obscene to minors but not to adults. Petitioners also
fail to appreciate the context in which those cases were de-
cided. This Court decided both cases when the internet was
"still more of a prototype than a finished product" -- Reno in
1997 and Ashcroft II in 2004, with factual findings made in
1999. A. Kennedy, The Rough Guide to the Internet 493
(8th ed. 2002) (Kennedy). We were mindful that "judicial
answers" to "the totally new problems" presented by new
technology are necessarily "truncated," and that in such cir-
cumstances "we ought not to anticipate" questions beyond
those immediately presented. Northwest Airlines, Inc. v.
Minnesota, (1944); accord, TikTok Inc. v.
Garland, 604 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2025) (per curiam) ( -- 2). We did not purport to decide more than the
specific circumstances of the cases that were before us.
The Court in Reno was quite concerned about the unique
threat that the CDA posed to the development of the then-
nascent internet. Reno was this Court's first decision about
the internet. In describing the background of the case, we
"felt the need to explain... that the 'Internet is an interna-
tional network of interconnected computers,' " NetChoice,
603 U. S., at 713 -- 714, and
we marveled that the internet had grown to 40 million us-
ers worldwide, id., at 850. In resolving the case, the Court
26 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

was keenly aware that the "wholly unprecedented"
"breadth of the CDA's coverage" "threaten[ed] to torch a
large segment" of this emerging medium of communication.
Id., at 877, 882. In these uncharted waters, the Court was
cautious not to definitively establish when regulations on
internet pornography triggered strict scrutiny.
Similarly, Ashcroft II was a self-consciously narrow and
factbound decision. There, the Court reviewed a prelimi-
nary injunction based on a record that was "over five years"
old, all while the "technology of the Internet" continued to
"evolv[e] at a rapid pace." 542 U. S., at 671. As a result, we
emphasized the abuse-of-discretion standard and made
clear that we did not mean to rule definitively on COPA's
constitutionality. Id., at 673. Moreover, we could not have
meant to offer a comprehensive discussion on the appropri-
ate standard of scrutiny for laws protecting children from
sexual content online, given that the appropriate standard
was not even a contested issue in the case.
In the quarter century since the factual record closed in
Ashcroft II, the internet has expanded exponentially. In
1999, only two out of five American households had home
internet access. Dept. of Commerce, Census Bureau, Home
Computers and Internet Use in the United States: Aug.
2000, p. 2 (2001). Nearly all those households used a desk-
top computer or laptop to connect to the internet, and most
used a dial-up connection. Dept. of Commerce, Economics
and Statistics Admin., A Nation Online: Entering the
Broadband Age 1, 5 (2004). Connecting through dial-up
came with significant limitations: Dial-up is much slower
than a modern broadband connection, and because dial-up
relied on the home's phone line, many households could not
use the internet and make or receive phone calls at the
same time. See Inline Connection Corp. v. AOL Time
Warner Inc., 302 F. Supp. 2d 307, 311 (Del. 2004). And,
"video-on-demand" was largely just a notion that figures
like "Bill Gates and Al Gore rhapsodize[d] about"; "most
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 27

Opinion of the Court

Netizens would [have] be[en] happy with a system fast
enough to view static photos without waiting an age." Ken-
nedy 493 -- 494.
In contrast, in 2024, 95 percent of American teens had
access to a smartphone, allowing many to access the inter-
net at almost any time and place. M. Faverio & O. Sidoti,
Pew Research Center, Teens, Social Media and Technology
2024, p. 19. Ninety-three percent of teens reported using
the internet several times per day, and watching videos is
among their most common activities online. Id., at 4 -- 5, 20.
The content easily accessible to adolescents online includes
massive libraries of pornographic videos. For instance, in
2019, Pornhub, one of the websites involved in this case,
published 1.36 million hours -- or over 150 years -- of new
content. App. 177. Many of these readily accessible videos
portray men raping and physically assaulting women -- a
far cry from the still images that made up the bulk of online
pornography in the 1990s. See N. Kristof, The Children of
Pornhub, N. Y. Times, Dec. 6, 2020, p. SR4. The Court in
Reno and Ashcroft II could not have conceived of these de-
velopments, much less conclusively resolve how States
could address them.
Of course, Reno and Ashcroft II do not cease to be prece-
dential simply because technology has changed so dramat-
ically. See NetChoice, 603 U. S., at 733 -- 734. "But respect
for past judgments also means respecting their limits."
Brown v. Davenport, (2022). It is mis-
leading in the extreme to assume that Reno and Ashcroft II
spoke to the circumstances of this case simply because they
both dealt with "the internet" as it existed in the 1990s. The
appropriate standard of scrutiny to apply in this case is a
difficult question that no prior decision of this Court has
squarely addressed. For the reasons we have explained, we
hold today that H. B. 1181 triggers only intermediate scru-
tiny.
28 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

D
The dissent's arguments for strict scrutiny are no more
persuasive than petitioners'. The dissent claims that strict
scrutiny applies because H. B. 1181 is "a quintessential con-
tent-based law." Post, at 6 (opinion of KAGAN, J.). We agree
that H. B. 1181 targets speech that is obscene for minors
based on its communicative content. But, where the speech
in question is unprotected, States may impose "restrictions"
based on "content" without triggering strict scrutiny. Ste-
vens, 559 U. S., at 468.
Because speech that is obscene to minors is unprotected to
the extent that the State imposes only an age-verification
requirement, H. B. 1181's content-based restriction does
not require strict scrutiny. The law is content based in the
same way that prohibitions of "defamation," "fraud," and
"incitement" are. Ibid.
The dissent's attempt to distinguish O'Brien and its prog-
eny fails for the same reason. See post, at 16 -- 19. The dis-
sent protests that H. B. 1181 cannot trigger intermediate
scrutiny under O'Brien because it is "a direct regulation of
speech," not "a regulation of conduct" that incidentally bur-
dens "expressive activity." Post, at 17. When speech has
both protected and unprotected features, however, "the un-
protected features of the [speech] are, despite their [com-
municative] character, essentially a 'nonspeech' element"
for purposes of the First Amendment. R. A. V. v. St. Paul,
(1992). With that principle in hand,
H. B. 1181 fits comfortably within the O'Brien framework:
The law directly regulates unprotected activity (accessing
material that is obscene to minors without submitting to age
verification) while only incidentally burdening protected ac-
tivity (ultimately accessing that material).11
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
11 The dissent complains that Sable, Playboy, Reno, and Ashcroft II

never "proposed an analogy to O'Brien." Post, at 18; United States v.
Playboy Entertainment Group, Inc., (2000). That fact is
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 29

Opinion of the Court

The dissent's real point of disagreement is whether an
age-verification requirement regulates the protected speech
of adults. On this point, the dissent has nothing to offer
aside from the bald assertion that our precedents have held
as much. See post, at 5 -- 10. But, our precedents have held
no such thing. Because our previous decisions concerned
only outright bans, see supra, at 22 -- 25, this Court has
never before considered whether lesser burdens aimed at
distinguishing children from adults directly regulate any
free speech right of adults.12
Instead, as we have explained, the First Amendment
leaves undisturbed States' power to impose age limits on
speech that is obscene to minors. That power, according to
both "common sense" and centuries of legal tradition, in-
cludes the ordinary and appropriate means of exercising it.
Scalia & Garner, Reading Law, at 192. And, an age-verifi-
cation requirement is an ordinary and appropriate means
of enforcing an age limit, as is evident both from all other
contexts where the law draws lines based on age and from
the long, widespread, and unchallenged practice of requir-
ing age verification for in-person sales of material that is
obscene to minors. Supra, at 14 -- 17. Beyond misreading
precedent, the dissent's only other response to our reason-
ing is to assert that age verification is not necessarily in-
cluded in the power to draw an age-based line because "an
age verification mandate burdens an adult's First Amend-
ment" rights. Post, at 13. That response simply assumes
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
unsurprising. Because all four cases involved outright bans on speech
that is at most obscene only to minors, see supra, at 22 -- 25, the statutes
at issue directly (and not merely incidentally) regulated adults' protected
speech.
12 The dissent is correct that, for fully protected speech, "the distinction

between bans and burdens makes no difference to the level of scrutiny."
Post, at 20. But, when the First Amendment partially protects speech,
such that the government may impose certain content-based restrictions
on it but may not proscribe it outright, the distinction between a ban and
lesser burdens is meaningful.
30 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

what the dissent sets out to prove.
The dissent expresses surprise that obscenity for minors
is "only partially" protected speech for adults. Post, at 15. But, it does not truly
deny that this is the case. The defendant in Ginsberg, after
all, was an adult vendor of pornography, not an underage
purchaser. 390 U. S., at 631. It would be difficult, practi-
cally speaking, for States to restrict children's access to por-
nography without regulating adult vendors. And, Ginsberg
accordingly held that New York's content-based restriction
on the rights of adult vendors triggered only rational-basis
review. Id., at 641. Thus, so long as the dissent accepts
Ginsberg, it cannot deny that the question before us is
which content-based regulations States may impose on
adults without triggering strict scrutiny, not whether they
may do so.
Finally, the dissent claims that we engage in "back-
wards," results-oriented reasoning because we are unwill-
ing to adopt a position that would call into question the con-
stitutionality of longstanding in-person age-verification
requirements. Post, at 11 -- 12. Not so. We appeal to these
requirements because they embody a constitutional judg-
ment -- made by generations of legislators and by the Amer-
ican people as a whole -- that commands our respect. A de-
cision "contrary to long and unchallenged practice...
should be approached with great caution," "no less than an
explicit overruling" of a precedent. Payne v. Tennessee, (1991) (Scalia, J., concurring). It would be
perverse if we showed less regard for in-person age-verifi-
cation requirements simply because their legitimacy is so
uncontroversial that the need for a judicial decision uphold-
ing them has never arisen.13
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
13 Even the dissent recognizes the force of this point to some extent,

which is why it insists that in-person age-verification requirements
would have "a real chance of surviving" under its approach. Post, at 12.
But, the dissent has no way to make good on this assurance other than
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 31

Opinion of the Court

E
Texas, like the Fifth Circuit, contends that intermediate
scrutiny is too demanding and that only rational-basis re-
view applies. This position fails to account for the inci-
dental burden that age verification necessarily has on an
adult's First Amendment right to access speech that is ob-
scene only to minors. Rational basis is the appropriate
standard for laws that do not implicate "fundamental con-
stitutional rights" at all. Beach Communications, 508 U. S.,
at 313. Intermediate scrutiny, which is deferential but not
toothless, plays an important role in ensuring that legisla-
tures do not use ostensibly legitimate purposes to disguise
efforts to suppress fundamental rights.
Despite advocating for rational-basis review, Texas itself
has acknowledged the need for more searching review. The
State concedes, for instance, that it could not require as
proof of age an "affidavit" from the individual's "biological
parent." Tr. of Oral Arg. 107. That example is precisely the
sort of manipulation of a legitimate kind of regulation that
intermediate scrutiny can weed out but that rational-basis
review cannot.
Texas argues that Ginsberg establishes that age-
verification requirements receive only rational-basis re-
view. But, although Ginsberg applied that standard to a
statute with an age-verification requirement, the Court did
not squarely address the incidental effect that the law had
on adults' First Amendment rights. See 390 U. S., at 637 -- 
643. Moreover, Ginsberg was decided before this Court first
articulated the intermediate-scrutiny standard for inci-
dental burdens on free speech. See O'Brien, 391 U. S., at
376 -- 377. In a two-tiered framework, where the only op-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
to say that strict scrutiny need not be a "horror show" for States -- or, in
other words, that the First Amendment is not really as great an obstacle
to suppressing fully protected speech as it might seem. Post, at 11.
32 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

tions were strict scrutiny and rational-basis review, the lat-
ter was the better standard for an age-verification require-
ment.
IV
A statute survives intermediate scrutiny if it "advances
important governmental interests unrelated to the sup-
pression of free speech and does not burden substantially
more speech than necessary to further those interests."
Turner II, 520 U. S., at 189. H. B. 1181 readily satisfies
these requirements.
A
H. B. 1181 undoubtedly advances an important govern-
mental interest. Texas's interest in shielding children from
sexual content is important, even "compelling." Reno, 521
U. S., at 869; Sable, 492 U. S., at 126. H. B. 1181 furthers
that interest by preventing minors from easily circumvent-
ing a prohibition on their accessing sexual content.
H. B. 1181 is also sufficiently tailored to Texas's interest.
Under intermediate scrutiny, a regulation is adequately
tailored so long as the government's interest "would be
achieved less effectively absent the regulation" and the reg-
ulation "does not burden substantially more speech than is
necessary to further that interest." TikTok, 604 U. S., at
___. The
regulation "need not be the least restrictive... means of "
serving the State's interest. Ward v. Rock Against Racism,
(1989). And, the regulation's validity
" 'does not turn on [our] agreement with the [legislature]
concerning the most appropriate method for promoting sig-
nificant government interests' or the degree to which those
interests should be promoted." Id., at 800.
Under this standard, requiring age verification online
is plainly a legitimate legislative choice. Since at least
the days of Ginsberg, States have commonly used age-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 33

Opinion of the Court

verification requirements, in the case of in-person access to
sexual materials, to reconcile their interest in protecting
children with adults' right to avail themselves of such ma-
terials. This approach ensures that an age-based ban is not
ineffectual, while at the same time allowing adults full ac-
cess to the content in question after the modest burden of
providing proof of age. H. B. 1181 simply adapts this tradi-
tional approach to the digital age.
The specific verification methods that H. B. 1181 permits
are also plainly legitimate. At present, H. B. 1181 allows
for verification using government-issued identification or
transactional data. Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code Ann..003(b)(2). Verification can take place on the covered
website itself or through a third-party service..003(b). Other age-restricted services, such as online
gambling, alcohol and tobacco sales, and car rentals, rely on
the same methods. App. 188 -- 190, 194, 198. And, much of
the online pornography industry has used analogous meth-
ods for decades. In Reno, this Court observed that age ver-
ification through credit-card transactions "is not only tech-
nologically available but actually is used by commercial
providers of sexually explicit material," who (unlike many
of the noncommercial sites covered by the CDA) " 'would re-
main relatively unaffected' " were such verification re-
quired. 521 U. S., at 856, 863, 881. The District Court in
Ashcroft II found that the users of tens of thousands of por-
nographic websites verified their ages by submitting "a copy
of a passport or driver's license" to a third-party verification
service. American Civil Liberties Union v. Reno, 31
F. Supp. 2d 473, 490 (ED Pa. 1999) (findings 51 -- 52). H. B.
1181 simply requires established verification methods al-
ready in use by pornographic sites and other industries.
That choice is well within the State's discretion under in-
termediate scrutiny.
34 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

B
Petitioners' counterarguments are unpersuasive. Peti-
tioners contend that Texas could adopt less restrictive
means of protecting children, such as encouraging parents
to install content-filtering software on their children's de-
vices or requiring internet service providers to block adult
content unless a household opts in to receiving it. But, even
assuming these approaches are equally or more effective,
under intermediate scrutiny a "regulation will not be inva-
lid simply because a court concludes that the government's
interest could be adequately served by some less-speech-
restrictive alternative." Ward, 491 U. S., at 800. Texas's
interest in shielding children from sexual content " 'would
be achieved less effectively absent' " H. B. 1181, and it can-
not be said that "a substantial portion of the burden" that
H. B. 1181 imposes fails "to advance [Texas's] goals." Id.,
at 799. That is enough to show that the Texas Legislature
adequately tailored H. B. 1181, regardless of whether some
other approach might be superior.14
Petitioners further argue that H. B. 1181 is not appropri-
ately tailored, because it does not require age verification
on other sites, such as search engines and social-media web-
sites, where children are likely to find sexually explicit
content. But, under intermediate scrutiny, " 'the First
Amendment imposes no freestanding underinclusiveness
limitation,' " and Texas " 'need not address all aspects of a
problem in one fell swoop.' " TikTok, 604 U. S., at ___ (slip

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
14 Petitioners contend that H. B. 1181 does not allow covered websites

to use newer biometric methods of age verification, like face scans, that
they claim are less likely to give rise to privacy concerns. Texas disa-
grees, maintaining that H. B. 1181 does allow such methods. We need
not resolve this disagreement because Texas is not required to adopt the
least restrictive means of advancing its interests to pass intermediate
scrutiny. Ward, 491 U. S., at 800. It is sufficient that verifying age by
government identification and transactional data is a legitimate legisla-
tive choice that does not impose excessive burdens on users.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 35

Opinion of the Court

op., at 15). Further, Texas has a reasonable basis for ex-
cluding these sites from H. B. 1181's coverage. The statute
does not contain any special exception for social-media
sites. See Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code Ann..002(a).
Rather, such sites fall outside the statute to the extent that
less than a third of their content is obscene to minors. And,
it is reasonable for Texas to conclude that websites with a
higher proportion of sexual content are more inappropriate
for children to visit than those with a lower proportion. The
statute, on the other hand, does explicitly exempt search
engines..005(b). But, search engines do not exercise
the same degree of control over the websites to which they
link, so the State could reasonably conclude that it makes
less sense to regulate them.
Petitioners next assert that privacy concerns and the
unique stigma surrounding pornography will make age
verification too chilling for adults. But, users only have to
submit verification to the covered website itself or the third-
party service with which the website contracts. See.003(b). Both those entities have every incentive to
assure users of their privacy. In any event, the use of por-
nography has always been the subject of social stigma. This
social reality has never been a reason to exempt the pornog-
raphy industry from otherwise valid regulation. Cf. United
States v. American Library Assn., Inc., 
(2003) (plurality opinion) (holding that the "risk of embar-
rassment" involved in asking a librarian to unblock a web-
site wrongly blocked as obscene did not impose a cognizable
burden on a library patron's access to speech). And, the
decades-long history of some pornographic websites requir-
ing age verification refutes any argument that the chill of
verification is an insurmountable obstacle for users.
* * *
H. B. 1181 simply requires adults to verify their age be-
fore they can access speech that is obscene to children. It is
36 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

Opinion of the Court

therefore subject only to intermediate scrutiny, which it
readily survives. The statute advances the State's im-
portant interest in shielding children from sexually explicit
content. And, it is appropriately tailored because it permits
users to verify their ages through the established methods
of providing government-issued identification and sharing
transactional data. The judgment of the Court of Appeals
for the Fifth Circuit is affirmed.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

KAGAN, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 23 -- 1122
_________________

FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC., ET AL.,
PETITIONERS v. KEN PAXTON, ATTORNEY
GENERAL OF TEXAS
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[June 27, 2025]

JUSTICE KAGAN, with whom JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR and
JUSTICE JACKSON join, dissenting.
No one doubts that the distribution of sexually explicit
speech to children, of the sort involved here, can cause great
harm. Or to say the same thing in legal terms, no one
doubts that States have a compelling interest in shielding
children from speech of that kind. What is more, children
have no constitutional right to view it. The Texas statute
before us (H. B. 1181) addresses speech understood in First
Amendment law as "obscene for minors." That label means
the First Amendment does not protect the speech for mi-
nors. The State can restrict their access without fear of col-
liding with the Constitution.
The trouble comes in the last two sentences' italics.
Speech that is obscene for minors is often not so for adults.
For them, the category of obscene -- and therefore unpro-
tected speech -- is narrower. See ante, at 8 -- 10. So adults
have a constitutional right to view the very same speech
that a State may prohibit for children. And it is a fact of
life -- and also of law -- that adults and children do not live
in hermetically sealed boxes. In preventing children from
gaining access to "obscene for children" speech, States
sometimes take measures impeding adults from viewing it
too -- even though, for adults, it is constitutionally protected
2 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

KAGAN, J., dissenting

expression. What, then, to do?
Cases raising that question have reached this Court on
no fewer than four prior occasions -- and we have given the
same answer, consistent with general free speech princi-
ples, each and every time. Under those principles, we apply
strict scrutiny, a highly rigorous but not fatal form of con-
stitutional review, to laws regulating protected speech
based on its content. See ante, at 6. And laws like H. B.
1181 fit that description: They impede adults from viewing
a class of speech protected for them (even though not for
children) and defined by its content. So when we have con-
fronted those laws before, we have always asked the strict-
scrutiny question: Is the law the least restrictive means of
achieving a compelling state interest? See ibid. There is
no reason to change course.
A law like H. B. 1181 might well pass the strict-scrutiny
test, hard as it usually is to do so. As just noted, everyone
agrees that shielding children from exposure to the sexually
explicit speech H. B. 1181 targets is a compelling state in-
terest. And Texas might be right in arguing that it has no
less restrictive way to achieve that goal: It is difficult, as
everyone also agrees, to limit minors' access to things ap-
pearing on the internet. If H. B. 1181 is the best Texas can
do -- meaning, the means of achieving the State's objective
while restricting adults' speech rights the least -- then the
statute should pass First Amendment review.
But what if Texas could do better -- what if Texas could
achieve its interest without so interfering with adults' con-
stitutionally protected rights in viewing the speech H. B.
1181 covers? That is the ultimate question on which the
Court and I disagree. The majority says that Texas may
enforce its statute regardless, because only intermediate
scrutiny applies and that test does not ask whether a State
has adopted the least speech-restrictive means available. I
disagree, based on conventional First Amendment rules
and the way we have consistently applied them in this very
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

KAGAN, J., dissenting

context. The State should be foreclosed from restricting
adults' access to protected speech if that is not in fact nec-
essary.
The majority's opinion concluding to the contrary is, to be
frank, confused. The opinion, to start with, is at war with
itself. Parts suggest that the First Amendment plays no
role here -- that because Texas's law works through age ver-
ification mandates, the First Amendment is beside the
point. See ante, at 13 -- 18. But even the majority eventually
gives up that ghost. As, really, it must. H. B. 1181's re-
quirements interfere with -- or, in First Amendment jargon,
burden -- the access adults have to protected speech: Some
individuals will forgo that speech because of the need to
identify themselves to a website (and maybe, from there, to
the world) as a consumer of sexually explicit expression.
But still, the majority proposes, that burden demands only
intermediate scrutiny because it arises from an "incidental"
restriction, given that Texas's statute uses age verification
to prevent minors from viewing the speech. See ante, at 13,
18 -- 19. Except that is wrong -- nothing like what we have
ever understood as an incidental restraint for First Amend-
ment purposes. Texas's law defines speech by content and
tells people entitled to view that speech that they must in-
cur a cost to do so. That is, under our First Amendment
law, a direct (not incidental) regulation of speech based on
its content -- which demands strict scrutiny.
The majority's attempt to distinguish our four precedents
saying just that rounds out the list of its errors. According
to the majority, all of those decisions involved prohibiting
rather than merely burdening adults' access to obscene-for-
children speech. See ante, at 21. But that is not true. And
in any event it would not matter: The First Amendment
prevents making speech hard, as well as banning it out-
right. So on all accounts the majority's rationale craters.
The majority is not shy about why it has adopted these
special-for-the-occasion, difficult-to-decipher rules. It
4 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

KAGAN, J., dissenting

thinks they are needed to get to what it considers the right
result: giving Texas permission to enforce its statute. See
ante, at 19 -- 21. But Texas should not receive that permis-
sion if it can achieve its goal as to minors while interfering
less with the speech choices of adults. And if it cannot, then
Texas's statute would survive strict scrutiny, given the ob-
vious importance of its goal. For that reason, the majority's
analysis is as unnecessary as it is unfaithful to the law.
I
Under ordinary First Amendment doctrine, this Court
should subject H. B. 1181 to strict scrutiny. That is because
H. B. 1181 covers speech constitutionally protected for
adults; impedes adults' ability to view that speech; and im-
poses that burden based on the speech's content. Case
closed. And making the right answer yet more obvious, we
have said as much four times before, when reviewing stat-
utes imposing similar content-based burdens on protected
sexually explicit speech. So the case is closed even tighter:
The standard should be strict scrutiny. The only open ques-
tion here should be whether H. B. 1181 can satisfy that test.
A
No one (not even Texas, not even the majority) disputes
that H. B. 1181 covers a substantial amount of speech pro-
tected by the First Amendment. We have, of course, often
held that obscene speech, as defined in Miller v. California,
(1973), is not so protected. But H. B. 1181 does
not use the ordinary Miller test (relating to prurience, of-
fensiveness, and value) as the trigger for regulation. In-
stead, it adapts each part of that test "for minors," thus cov-
ering speech that is "obscene from a child's perspective."
Tex. Civ. Prac. & Rem. Code Ann..002(a) (West Cum.
Supp. 2024); ante, at 9 (emphasis deleted). And that child-
centric category of speech extends wider than the tradi-
tional obscenity category. See ante, at 9 -- 10. In the gap
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

KAGAN, J., dissenting

between the two is much sexually explicit speech that
adults have every right to view. For adults cannot be lim-
ited to "only what is fit for children." Butler v. Michigan,
(1957). Their right to view "[s]exual ex-
pression," outside the traditional obscenity category, is
"protected by the First Amendment." Sable Communica-
tions of Cal., Inc. v. FCC, (1989).
And H. B. 1181 impedes the exercise of that right. Recall
how the statute works. To enter a covered website -- with
all the protected speech just described -- an individual must
verify his age by using either a "government-issued identi-
fication" like a driver's license or "transactional data" asso-
ciated with things like a job or mortgage..001(7),
129B.003(b)(2); see ante, at 2 -- 3. For the would-be con-
sumer of sexually explicit materials, that requirement is a
deterrent: It imposes what our First Amendment decisions
often call a "chilling effect." E.g., Americans for Prosperity
Foundation v. Bonta, (2021). It is not,
contra the majority, like having to flash ID to enter a club.
See ante, at 14 -- 15. It is turning over information about
yourself and your viewing habits -- respecting speech many
find repulsive -- to a website operator, and then to... who
knows? The operator might sell the information; the oper-
ator might be hacked or subpoenaed. We recognized the
problem in a case involving sexual material on cable TV:
Similar demands, we decided, would "restrict viewing by
subscribers who fear for their reputations should the oper-
ator, advertently or inadvertently, disclose the list of those
who wish to watch the 'patently offensive' channel." Denver
Area Ed. Telecommunications Consortium, Inc. v. FCC, (1996). The internet context can only in-
crease the fear. And the Texas law imposes costs not just
on potential users, but on website operators too. They must
either implement a system costing (the District Court
found) at least $40,000 for every 100,000 verifications, or
else pay penalties of $10,000 per day. See.006(b);
6 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

KAGAN, J., dissenting

Free Speech Coalition, Inc. v. Colmenero, 689 F. Supp. 3d
373, 385 -- 386 (WD Tex. 2023). Those expenses, Texas
boasts, have already caused one major operator to exit the
State's market. See Brief for Respondent 21. So in multiple
ways, H. B. 1181 burdens expression.
Finally, H. B. 1181 imposes those burdens on protected
speech based on the speech's "communicative content,"
making it a quintessential content-based law. Reed v. Town
of Gilbert, (2015). A statute, we have
often said, is content-based on its face when it "draws dis-
tinctions" based on the "topic," "subject matter," "idea," or
"message expressed." E.g., ibid. H. B. 1181 does just that.
It applies when more than a third of the expression on a
website is "sexual material" of a certain kind (prurient, of-
fensive, and valueless for minors)..001(6),
129B.002(a). And whether expression qualifies as such ma-
terial depends entirely on what it depicts. If the website
has the requisite sexually explicit content, the regulation
kicks in. Alternatively, if that content is absent (if, say, the
website focuses on politics or sports), the regulation does
not. "That is about as content-based as it gets." Barr v.
American Assn. of Political Consultants, Inc., (2020) (plurality opinion). Not even the majority dis-
putes the point. See ante, at 28.
All of that leads, under well-settled law, to just one con-
clusion: H. B. 1181 is subject to strict scrutiny. Take a law
burdening protected speech based on its content -- as H. B.
1181 does for every adult -- and the standard of review fol-
lows in its wake. See Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. v.
FCC, (1994) (We "apply the most exact-
ing scrutiny to regulations that suppress, disadvantage, or
impose differential burdens upon speech because of its con-
tent"). It does not matter whether we are persuaded in a
given case that the State, in passing the regulation, had
laudable, even compelling aims. See Reed, 576 U. S., at 166
(A good "justification cannot transform a facially content-
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

KAGAN, J., dissenting

based law into" the opposite). Those interests are consid-
ered only in applying strict scrutiny, not in deciding
whether that is the right standard to be applied. Over the
years, we have recited the governing rule almost like a
mantra: If a law burdens protected speech based on what
that speech says or depicts -- as H. B. 1181 does -- the law
has to clear the strict-scrutiny bar.
B
What is more, our precedents have applied that rule in
four cases similar to this one -- when a statute has limited
adults' access to sexually explicit materials in order to pre-
vent those materials from getting to minors. The laws at
issue pertained to diverse media -- the telephone, cable, and
(twice, as here) the internet. But the analysis about the
level of scrutiny was in each case the same. To show the
Court's (previous) consistency -- and its relevance today -- it
is worth reviewing them one by one by one by one.
In Sable Communications v. FCC, the Court considered a
statute directed at dial-a-porn services that prohibited sex-
ually "indecent" telephone messages, extending beyond
those obscene for adults under Miller. 492 U. S., at 122 -- 
123. The Government defended the law as an effort to pro-
tect children from exposure to the speech. See id., at 128.
We recognized that interest as compelling. See id., at 126.
But we also understood that adults had a "protected" First
Amendment right to listen to the non-obscene indecent
speech that the law covered. Ibid. And so the Court applied
strict scrutiny -- thus requiring the Government to show
that the statute did not "unnecessarily interfer[e] with
[adults'] First Amendment freedoms." Ibid.
Then, in Reno v. American Civil Liberties Union, -- 861 (1997), the Court addressed a statute
barring internet transmissions of obscene, indecent, or "pa-
tently offensive" messages to those under 18, with an af-
firmative defense available to anyone making use of age
8 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

KAGAN, J., dissenting

verification measures. Although the statute encompassed
only communications to minors and excused from penalties
those using a "reasonable" method to verify age, the Court
recognized the "burden" that the statute would impose "on
adult speech." Id., at 860, 874. Because of that "inter-
fere[nce] with adult-to-adult communication" -- and despite
the significance of the Government interest "in protecting
children" -- the Court again insisted on applying strict scru-
tiny. Id., at 875 -- 876. So once more the key issue was
whether "less restrictive alternatives would be at least as
effective in achieving" the Government's goals. Id., at 874.
Next, in United States v. Playboy Entertainment Group,
Inc., (2000), the Court evaluated a law
requiring that "sexually-oriented" cable channels "limit
their transmission to hours when children are unlikely to
be viewing." "[W]hat standard [must] the Government"
meet, the Court asked, for the law to survive? Id., at 814.
We did not think the question close. "As we consider a con-
tent-based regulation" of "protected speech," we said, "the
answer should be clear: The standard is strict scrutiny."
Ibid.; see id., at 812 -- 813. So "if a less restrictive means"
would serve the Government's goals, "the Government
must use it." Id., at 815. Otherwise, the Court explained,
the Government could, contrary to the First Amendment,
"restrict speech without an adequate justification." Id., at
813.
And the denouement: The statute the Court addressed in
Ashcroft v. American Civil Liberties Union, 
(2004), was a near-twin of Texas's. The Child Online Pro-
tection Act (COPA) prohibited commercial entities from
posting on the internet content "harmful to minors." Id., at
661 (1)). And just like H. B.
1181, that statute defined the covered material by adapting
the Miller obscenity test for children -- thus creating a cate-
gory of obscene-for-children speech. See 542 U. S., at 661 -- 
662; supra, at 4. So too, COPA made the adoption of an age
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

KAGAN, J., dissenting

verification system crucial. It did so by providing an affirm-
ative defense to any entity that verified age through an
"adult personal identification number" or similar mecha-
nism before granting access to the posted materials. Ash-
croft, 542 U. S., at 662. So, as in H. B. 1181, if the poster
verified age, no liability could attach. How, then, to analyze
such a statute? The Court viewed the problem as it had in
prior cases: COPA, though directed at keeping sexually ex-
plicit materials from children, "was likely to burden some
speech that is protected for adults." Id., at 665. And be-
cause of that "content-based restriction," the Court
needed to apply strict scrutiny. Id., at 660, 665, 670. The
Government thus had to show that "the proposed alterna-
tives will not be as effective as the challenged statute." Id.,
at 665. In short, Ashcroft adhered to the view that " 'the
governmental interest in protecting children from harmful
materials' does not 'justify an unnecessarily broad suppres-
sion of speech addressed to adults.' " Lorillard Tobacco Co.
v. Reilly, (2001) (THOMAS, J., concurring
in part and concurring in judgment).1
Four times, one result. Which is not surprising, because

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The majority does -- and then does not -- accept this simple fact. It

first acknowledges that Ashcroft decided "COPA was subject to strict
scrutiny." Ante, at 12. But later, it tries to take part of its concession
back. The Ashcroft Court, it says, could not have "comprehensive[ly]"
addressed the "appropriate standard of scrutiny for laws protecting chil-
dren from sexual content online, given that the appropriate standard was
not even a contested issue in the case." Ante, at 26. The second half of
that sentence is right, but it does not support the first. Having argued
in Sable, Reno, and Playboy for a less rigorous standard of review -- and
been rebuffed each time -- the Government in Ashcroft finally gave up.
Or otherwise said, it recognized reality. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 64. Three
times before, the Court had said something like, "[T]he answer should be
clear: The standard is strict scrutiny." United States v. Playboy Enter-
tainment Group, Inc., (2000). The Court did so again,
and just as firmly, in Ashcroft.
10 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

KAGAN, J., dissenting

it is the result that basic First Amendment principles com-
mand. A statute tries to cut off children's access to sexually
explicit speech, in line with the most worthy objectives. But
the statute as well impedes adults' access to that speech,
which the First Amendment protects. And the statute does
so by drawing content-based lines: Sexually explicit speech
is burdened, other speech is not. It follows, as the night the
day, that strict scrutiny applies -- that the statute, in addi-
tion to serving a compelling purpose, can restrict only as
much adult speech as is needed to achieve the State's goal.
That is true in the four cases above, and it is true in this
case too.
C
Applying strict scrutiny in this context, however, need
not be a death sentence. To the contrary, a State exercising
care should be able to devise a regulatory means of achiev-
ing its objective consistent with the First Amendment.
The first part of the strict-scrutiny test is here easy to
meet. The majority is right that a State has a compelling
interest in shielding children from the obscene-for-children
materials that H. B. 1181 covers. See ante, at 32. This
Court has said as much before. See Sable, 492 U. S., at 126
(recognizing a "compelling interest in protecting the physi-
cal and psychological well-being of minors," which "extends
to shielding" them from materials "not obscene by adult
standards"); Denver Area, 518 U. S., at 743 (plurality opin-
ion) (noting that the interest in "protect[ing] children from
exposure to patently offensive sex-related material" is "one
that this Court has often found compelling"). And a State
is entitled to think that the need has become only more ur-
gent over the years, given the time children now spend
online and the materials they can find there. See ante, at
27.
The critical question, then, is whether the State can show
that it has limited no more adult speech than is necessary
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

KAGAN, J., dissenting

to achieve its goal. Or said another way (in fact, Ashcroft's
way), whether the State can show that "the proposed alter-
natives will not be as effective as the challenged statute."
542 U. S., at 665. If the State cannot, the statute should
not take effect, because it would limit protected speech un-
necessarily. There would be every reason to make the State
switch to a less-speech-restrictive, equally-or-more-effec-
tive regulatory mechanism. But a State that has closely
attended to the speech consequences of its regulation might
well make the required showing in this sphere. Given how
the internet works, no court should expect that a law effec-
tively shielding children from sexually explicit expression
could leave adults wholly unaffected. To the contrary, such
a law will almost necessarily impose corollary burdens.
And Texas may be right that the commonly proposed alter-
natives to laws like H. B. 1181 -- such as content filtering
technology -- cannot equal, or even approach, age verifica-
tion systems in effectiveness. See Brief for Respondent 37 -- 
38. In that event, those alternatives will be irrelevant to
the inquiry, and a court will explore only whether another,
equally effective age verification mechanism will place a
lesser burden on protected speech. Review of that kind
should not be the horror show for Texas and other States
that the majority maintains. See ante, at 19 -- 21. It is just
what they should have to pass before implementing a con-
tent-based burden on protected expression.
II
How does the majority reach a different result?
The analytic path of today's opinion is winding, but I take
the majority to begin with a conviction about where it must
not end -- with strict scrutiny. The majority is not so coy
about this backwards reasoning. To the contrary, it defends
it. See ante, at 30. The "legitimacy" of age verification
schemes for sexually explicit speech, the majority tells us,
is "uncontroversial" (despite Reno and Ashcroft). Ante, at
12 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

KAGAN, J., dissenting

30. And "[a]pplying the more demanding strict-scrutiny
standard would call" those schemes "into question." Ante,
at 19. Ergo, its conclusion. I have just explained why the
majority's fear is overblown -- why in fact carefully drawn
age verification laws stand a real chance of surviving strict
scrutiny. But suppose I am wrong. Suppose there are both
less speech-restrictive and equally effective ways to accom-
plish the State's goal of protecting children from sexually
explicit materials. In that event, strict scrutiny tells us, the
State should use those constitutionally superior alterna-
tives. And why argue with that? The usual way constitu-
tional review works is to figure out the right standard (here,
strict scrutiny because H. B. 1181 is content-based), and let
that standard work to a conclusion. It is not to assume the
conclusion (approve H. B. 1181 and similar age verification
laws) and pick the standard sure to arrive there. But that
is what the majority does. To answer what standard of
scrutiny applies, the majority first spends four pages laud-
ing age verification schemes as "common," "traditional,"
"appropriate," and "necessary." Ante, at 13 -- 18. In other
words, all over the place, and a good thing too. No wonder
the majority doesn't land on strict scrutiny.
The more puzzling question is how the majority's reason-
ing fits with the idea that the First Amendment plays any
role at all. For quite some time in today's opinion, speech
rights are pushed to the sidelines, or entirely off the field.
Age verification schemes are just age verification
schemes -- again, "common," "traditional," "appropriate,"
and "necessary." Ibid. States use them to regulate pur-
chases of liquor and lottery tickets and fireworks. And so,
the majority says, States can also use them to regulate ac-
cess to speech that is obscene for children. The power to
prevent minors from gaining access to that speech "neces-
sarily includes" the power to require proof of age. Ante, at
13. And that means, the majority concludes, that "access-
ing material obscene to minors without verifying one's age
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

KAGAN, J., dissenting

is not constitutionally protected," even for adults. Ante, at
19 (emphasis deleted). It would seem the analysis is com-
plete. If the First Amendment does not protect adults in
viewing obscene-for-children materials unimpeded by age
verification, as the majority argues, then how could there
be any constitutional objection to age verification laws like
H. B. 1181? Or said otherwise, why would those laws have
to satisfy any heightened constitutional standard, whether
strict or intermediate? We have apparently arrived at a
place where States can act free of all constitutional scru-
tiny.
But that cannot be, for reasons that by now should sound
familiar. As discussed earlier, speech that is obscene for
children is often not obscene for adults. See supra, at 4 -- 5.
When that is so, the First Amendment protects adults' ac-
cess to obscene-for-children speech (unlike to liquor, lottery
tickets, or fireworks). Or otherwise said, the First Amend-
ment gives them a right in that expression. And because of
that protected right, different rules apply. Without a spe-
cial justification, a State cannot prohibit, tax, impede, or
otherwise burden an adult's access to obscene-for-children
speech. And an age verification requirement is a kind of
burden. It may be smaller or larger -- compare flashing ID
in a store with (in the majority's own example) having to
produce "an affidavit from [a] biological parent." Ante, at
31. It may be a simple inconvenience or it may, as sug-
gested earlier, prevent individuals from exercising the
right. See supra, at 5 -- 6. And those differences may well
matter to the conclusion when a court gets around to apply-
ing the appropriate constitutional standard. But regard-
less, an age verification mandate burdens an adult's First
Amendment protected right in viewing obscene-for-children
expression. So a State's power to prohibit that speech for
minors does not "necessarily include," as the majority con-
tends, the power to mandate age verification. Ante, at 13.
It might or might not, depending on whether the mandate
14 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

KAGAN, J., dissenting

satisfies the constitutional scrutiny that its burden on pro-
tected speech requires.
And in the end, the majority has to accept some version
of that argument. For page upon page, the majority ex-
plains that the First Amendment has nothing to say about
age verification schemes attached to obscene-for-children
speech. See ante, at 13 -- 18. Again, that speech may as well
be liquor, lottery tickets, or fireworks, for all it matters to
the "States' authority." Ante, at 13. And then, in the space
of one brief paragraph, the idea falls apart. Yes, the major-
ity at last concedes, "[a]dults have the right to access speech
that is obscene only to minors." Ante, at 18. And yes, the
majority admits, "submitting to age verification is a burden
on the exercise of that right." Ibid. So sure, the majority
acknowledges, a really onerous age verification scheme -- 
like its parental affidavit requirement -- would flunk consti-
tutional review. See ante, at 31. And so too, the majority
says, even the least onerous mandate, like the one in Gins-
berg v. New York, 643 -- 644 (1968), to
show ID in a store, has to satisfy some form of heightened
constitutional scrutiny. See ante, at 22, 31 -- 32.2 There is
no getting around the fact: Obscene-for-children speech is
constitutionally protected speech for adults. See ante, at
18. And age verification schemes "burden[ing]" adults'
"right[s] to access [that] speech" are in fact not the kind of
everyday, "appropriate," and "necessary" regulation courts
can wave on by. Ante, at 13 -- 18. The Constitution, contrary
to what the majority at first assured us, is now very much

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The majority acknowledges that Ginsberg itself never addressed

whether, or what kind of, constitutional scrutiny is appropriate for age
verification laws applying to speech. See ante, at 22, 31 -- 32. The many
cites to Ginsberg in the majority opinion function mainly as atmosphere,
to remind the reader that age verification mandates may impose only a
trivial burden on speech rights. See ante, at 15 -- 16, 19 -- 22, 30. Which of
course is true -- just as it is true that they may impose a significant one.
See ante, at 31; supra, at 5 -- 6.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

KAGAN, J., dissenting

in the picture.
At that point, one might think, the right approach -- as
the Court once said -- "should be clear: The standard is strict
scrutiny." Playboy, 529 U. S., at 814. Forgive a brief recap.
H. B. 1181 regulates the communicative content of web-
sites, imposing an age verification mandate on those exhib-
iting a specified amount of sexually explicit speech that,
while obscene for children, is protected for adults. So the
law directly burdens adults' right to view speech based on
its sexual content. As the Court four times before found,
that means strict scrutiny applies -- even though the State
is attempting to prevent the speech from reaching minors.
See supra, at 4 -- 10.
The majority tries to escape that conclusion with a ma-
neuver found nowhere in the world of First Amendment
doctrine. It turns out, the majority says, that the First
Amendment only "partially protects" the speech in ques-
tion: The "speech is unprotected to the extent the State
seeks only to verify age." Ante, at 18, 29, (emphasis
deleted); see ante, at 28 (the speech is "unprotected to the
extent that the State imposes only an age-verification re-
quirement"). Meaning, the speech is unprotected to the ex-
tent that the State is imposing the very burden under re-
view. Or said another way, the right of adults to view the
speech has the burden of age verification built right in.
That is convenient, if altogether circular. In the end, the
majority's analysis reduces to this: Requiring age verifica-
tion does not directly burden adults' speech rights because
adults have no right to be free from the burden of age veri-
fication. Gerrymander the right to incorporate the burden,
and the critical conclusion follows. If only other First
Amendment cases were so easy!
Still, the majority must make one more move to square
the circle of all it has said. Recall that notwithstanding the
above, the majority has conceded that "[a]dults have the
16 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

KAGAN, J., dissenting

right to access" obscene-for-children speech and age verifi-
cation schemes are "a burden on the exercise of that right."
Ante, at 18; see supra, at 14 -- 15. To account for that conces-
sion in its analysis -- and yet avoid strict scrutiny, as it
wishes -- the majority relies on a well-known distinction in
First Amendment law between direct and incidental re-
strictions on speech. See (sorry) E. Kagan, Private Speech,
Public Purpose: The Role of Governmental Motive in First
Amendment Doctrine, 63 U. Chi. L. Rev. 413, 491 -- 505
(1996). Says the majority: The "burden experienced by
adults" as a result of H. B. 1181 is "only incidental to the
statute's regulation of activity that is not protected by the
First Amendment." Ante, at 18. Or more fully (prepare for
a mouthful): "The law directly regulates unprotected activ-
ity (accessing material that is obscene to minors without
submitting to age verification) while only incidentally bur-
dening protected activity (ultimately accessing that mate-
rial)." Ante, at 28 (emphasis in original). And because the
burden imposed on adults' right to access the materials is
only incidental, the majority concludes, only intermediate
scrutiny need apply. To back up that view, the majority
relies (exclusively) on United States v. O'Brien, (1968). See ante, at 18 -- 19, 28.
O'Brien actually seems a good place to start in explaining
why H. B. 1181 is not an incidental restriction under our
law. In that case, a war protester who burned his draft card
was charged with violating a statute that made it a crime
for anyone to "knowingly destroy," "mutilate," or
"change" draft registration documents. 391 U. S., at 370
(emphasis deleted). The Court assumed that O'Brien him-
self had engaged in expressive conduct: By burning his
draft card on the steps of a government building, he was
communicating opposition to the Vietnam War. See id., at
369 -- 370, 376. But the law O'Brien broke was not about
speech; it was about conduct. That law, the Court ex-
plained, prohibited all alterations of draft cards, indifferent
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

KAGAN, J., dissenting

to whether they were "public [or] private," expressive or
non-expressive. Id., at 375. So the "limitation on
[O'Brien's] First Amendment freedoms" was purely "inci-
dental." Id., at 376. And because that was so -- because the
statute at issue addressed only the "noncommunicative as-
pect" of what O'Brien did -- the Court decided to apply in-
termediate scrutiny. Id., at 381 -- 382.
In the years since, this Court has used the O'Brien view
of incidental restrictions in several analytically identical
cases -- when a limitation on conduct, "having no connection
with speech," happens to sweep in a person's expressive act.
Id., at 375. In one, the National Park Service invoked a
regulation that banned camping (defined to include sleep-
ing) in designated parks to prevent a sleep-in demonstra-
tion about homelessness. Clark v. Community for Creative
Non-Violence, -- 291 (1984). The Court ap-
plied the O'Brien standard and approved the Park Service's
action. In another, a law against "reenter[ing] a military
base after having been barred by the commanding officer"
was used to charge a person who had reentered a base to
participate in a political demonstration. United States v.
Albertini, -- 678 (1985). We upheld the
conviction under O'Brien. And in a third, the question was
whether a law banning public nudity could be applied to an
establishment featuring "expressive" nude dancing. Erie v.
Pap's A. M., (2000) (plurality opinion).
Once again, we understood the case as in the O'Brien line,
because a prohibition of conduct had an "incidental" effect
on an expressive act. 529 U. S., at 294 -- 295, 301. So we
used the O'Brien standard, and approved the nudity ban's
application.
None of this has any bearing on H. B. 1181. That statute
is not a regulation of conduct that just so happens, on occa-
sion, to impinge on expressive activity. It is instead a direct
regulation of speech, triggered by the amount of sexually
explicit expression on a commercial website. Or said a bit
18 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

KAGAN, J., dissenting

differently: Rather than address the "noncommunicative"
aspects of an activity -- as all the laws described above did -- 
H. B. 1181 regulates (and regulates only) what no one here
disputes are communicative messages. O'Brien, 391 U. S.,
at 382. Consider: a law about altering draft certificates; a
law about sleeping in parks; a law about reentering military
bases; a law about public nudity; a law about sexually ex-
plicit postings on websites. Which one of those laws is not
like the others? As to the first four laws, the regulation is
of conduct, and the burden on expression a rare knock-on
effect. As to the fifth, the regulation is of speech, and the
burden on that speech the very thing the statute does. See
Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project, (2010)
(noting that O'Brien applies only when the "thing actually
at issue" is "conduct"). The burden H. B. 1181 imposes, of
course, raises constitutional concerns only for adults. But
that fact does not make the law any less a direct, not inci-
dental, restriction on protected expression. H. B. 1181 tar-
gets communicative content, and that alone -- restricting
adults' access to speech because of what it portrays, rather
than because of any non-communicative element that it
possesses.
And this Court, in four prior cases involving similar reg-
ulations enacted for similar reasons, has not once proposed
an analogy to O'Brien. Forgive another brief recap. See
supra, at 7 -- 10. In all of those cases, States burdened pro-
tected speech for adults as a way of cutting off children's
access to the expression. Two of those efforts involved in-
ternet speech. The same two made liability for infractions
turn on whether the publisher of the speech used an age
verification measure. One of them -- Ashcroft -- defined the
regulated speech identically to H. B. 1181 (using the Miller
test adapted for minors). Yet in none of the four cases did
even a single Justice float the idea that, because the re-
striction was geared toward protecting minors or involved
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

KAGAN, J., dissenting

age verification, the statute somehow effected only an inci-
dental restriction. In every one, it was common ground
(even among the dissenting Justices) that the statute's re-
striction on adults' access to speech was direct. So our prec-
edents stand as an embarrassment to the majority's reason-
ing.
The majority's primary -- and deficient -- response is that
those cases involved "outright bans" on speech, whereas
this one involves only a burden. Ante, at 25; see ante, at
21 -- 25. To begin with, that assertion is factually inaccurate
as to three of the four. In Playboy, the law did not ban adult
cable channels, but instead limited their transmission to
hours when children were unlikely to be in the audience.
See 529 U. S., at 806, 812. (The allowable hours were
10 p.m. to 6 a.m. -- when, the District Court found, between
50% and 70% of adult viewing occurs anyway. See ibid.) So
as the Court took care to explain, the statute did "not im-
pose a complete prohibition." Id., at 812. Rather, it effected
only a "content-based burden" -- as H. B. 1181 does. Ibid.3
The same is true of the statutes in Reno and Ashcroft, and
in a way even more similar to Texas's law. Recall that un-
der those statutes, publishers using age verification
measures had an affirmative defense to all liability. See
supra, at 7 -- 9. So as long as those measures were in place,
publishers could confidently press send on whatever sexual
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The majority does not know what to do with the Playboy Court's de-

scription, so merely asserts that channeling adult programming to even-
ing hours is a "ban." Ante, at 22,. But why? If a park's hours were
limited to between 9 a.m. and 9 p.m., is there really a "ban" on entering
the park? Does it matter when people typically use the park -- or watch
adult programming? If so, where is the tipping point? Questions like
these may not have easy answers (which is one good reason not to make
too much ride on the ban/burden line, see infra, at 20 -- 21). But the im-
portant point here is that Playboy understood the statute before it as
imposing only a burden, not a ban -- and still applied strict scrutiny. So
its analysis -- not its "dicta," but its so-called ratio decidendi -- refutes the
majority's position. Ante, at 22,.
20 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

KAGAN, J., dissenting

content they wanted to transmit. The majority argues that
H. B. 1181 is yet more protective of publishers, because it
turns the affirmative defense into an element -- putting the
burden on the State to show the absence of age verification
measures. See ante, at 24 -- 25. But in this context, the dif-
ference between an affirmative defense and an element is
but a smidge: It will matter only when a jury thinks the
presence (or absence) of age verification is a literal toss-up
(which in the real world will be rare). And even if the dif-
ference is more than I think, it is one between two points on
a continuum -- not (as the majority insists) the dividing line
between a "ban" and a "burden" on speech.
Much more important, the distinction between bans and
burdens makes no difference to the level of scrutiny. When
a statute draws lines based on the content of speech, strict
scrutiny is required regardless of the amount of speech af-
fected. Playboy made that point, in this context, at some
length. "It is of no moment" to the level of scrutiny, the
Court stated, that a law restricting speech "does not impose
a complete prohibition." 529 U. S., at 812. And if that weren't clear enough: "The Govern-
ment's content-based burdens must satisfy the same rigor-
ous scrutiny as its content-based bans." Ibid. And if that
weren't clear enough: When a statute regulates expressive
content, no "special consideration" is given to the govern-
ment "merely because the law can somehow be described as
a burden rather than outright suppression." Id., at 826.
What's more, Playboy is not alone in repudiating the major-
ity's reasoning. The refusal to countenance the ban/burden
line the majority today peddles is fundamental to our free
speech doctrine. Take any subject -- say, because it is close
to home, the Supreme Court. Ban speech about the Court;
tax speech about the Court ($20 a pop); limit speech about
the Court to certain times (Tuesdays and Thursdays); or (as
here) demand identification to gain access to websites ad-
dressing the Court. Ban or burden, the level of scrutiny is
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

KAGAN, J., dissenting

the same: strict. See, e.g., Turner, 512 U. S., at 642 (stating
the rule); Sorrell v. IMS Health Inc., -- 566
(2011) (same); see also, e.g., Reed, 576 U. S., at 159, 172 (ad-
hering to the rule when reviewing mere burdens); Simon &
Schuster, Inc. v. Members of N. Y. State Crime Victims Bd.,
(1991) (same). So the principal distinc-
tion the majority draws between this case and the four that
should control it is a non-distinction, by command of how
we have always understood the First Amendment.
That leaves only the majority's claim -- again mistaken -- 
that the internet has changed too much to follow our prece-
dents' lead. See ante, at 25 -- 27. Of course technology has
developed, both swiftly and surely. And that fact might
matter (as indeed the burden/ban distinction might) to how
strict scrutiny applies -- and particularly to whether the
State can show it has adopted the least speech-restrictive
means to achieve its goal. Ashcroft explicitly recognized
that point: It thought that, given the pace of technological
change, the District Court might make a different decision
than it had five years earlier about whether there were "less
restrictive alternative[s]" to COPA. 542 U. S., at 671 -- 672.
To that extent -- but to that extent only -- the majority is
right that Ashcroft was "self-consciously narrow and fact-
bound." Ante, at 26. Not, though, as to the level of scrutiny.
On that question, the Court was unequivocal that because
COPA was "a content-based speech restriction," it must sat-
isfy the strict-scrutiny test. 542 U. S., at 665; see supra, at
8 -- 9, and. For that was a matter of basic First Amend-
ment principle. And as this Court has understood: "What-
ever the challenges of applying the Constitution to ever-ad-
vancing technology, the basic principles of the First
Amendment do not vary." Moody v. NetChoice, LLC, (2024) ); see TikTok Inc. v.
Garland, 604 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (GORSUCH, J., concurring
22 FREE SPEECH COALITION, INC. v. PAXTON

KAGAN, J., dissenting

in judgment) ("[E]ven as times and technolo-
gies change, 'the principle of the right to free speech is al-
ways the same' " (Holmes, J., dissenting))).
Except that those basic principles do vary today.
III
The last part of the majority's opinion -- plus some of its
footnotes -- shows why all this matters. In concluding that
H. B. 1181 passes constitutional muster, the majority
states (correctly) that under intermediate scrutiny Texas
need not show it has selected the least speech-restrictive
way of accomplishing its goal. See ante, at 32. Even if there
were a mechanism that (1) as well or better prevented mi-
nors' access to the covered materials and (2) imposed a
lesser burden on adults' ability to view that expression,
Texas could spurn that "superior" method. Ante, at 34.
Likewise, the majority -- because it is applying a more for-
giving standard -- can ignore a host of questions about how
far H. B. 1181 burdens protected expression. See Tr. of
Oral Arg. 67 -- 68. In the fine print of two footnotes, the ma-
jority declares that it has no need to explore (1) whether
H. B. 1181 requires covered websites to demand age verifi-
cation for all their content or only for the subset that is ob-
scene for minors; (2) whether H. B. 1181 requires that cov-
ered speech be obscene "only to a minor (including a
toddler)" or "to all minors (including 17-year-olds)"; and
(3) whether H. B. 1181 permits websites to use "newer bio-
metric methods of age verification, like face scans," that
pose fewer privacy concerns than submitting government
ID and transactional data. Ante, at 17, (emphasis in
original); ante, at 34,. The majority explains that even
if Texas answered each of those questions in a maximally
burdensome way -- requiring government ID to view speech
that is protected even for children because one-third of the
website's contents are obscene for two-year-olds -- H. B.
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 23

KAGAN, J., dissenting

1181 can go forward. And again, that is true even if Texas
has a less burdensome way of "equally or more effective[ly]"
achieving its objective. Ante, at 34.
I would demand Texas show more, to ensure it is not un-
dervaluing the interest in free expression. Texas can of
course take measures to prevent minors from viewing ob-
scene-for-children speech. But if a scheme other than H. B.
1181 can just as well accomplish that objective and better
protect adults' First Amendment freedoms, then Texas
should have to adopt it (or at least demonstrate some good
reason not to). A State may not care much about safeguard-
ing adults' access to sexually explicit speech; a State may
even prefer to curtail those materials for everyone. Many
reasonable people, after all, view the speech at issue here
as ugly and harmful for any audience. But the First
Amendment protects those sexually explicit materials, for
every adult. So a State cannot target that expression, as
Texas has here, any more than is necessary to prevent it
from reaching children. That is what we have held in cases
indistinguishable from this one. And that is what founda-
tional First Amendment principles demand. Because the
majority departs from that right and settled law, I respect-
fully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE THOMAS, dissenting.
I respectfully dissent from the Court's decision to set
these consolidated cases for reargument. Congress requires
this Court to exercise jurisdiction over constitutional chal-
lenges to congressional redistricting, and we accordingly
have an obligation to resolve such challenges promptly.
That resolution is particularly critical here, as these cases
highlight the intractable conflict between this Court's inter-
pretation of of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 (VRA), 52
U. S. C., and the Equal Protection Clause of the
Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution. The Constitu-
tion is supreme over statutes, Marbury v. Madison, 1
Cranch 137, 178 (1803), and no intervening developments
will change that. I thus see no reason to avoid deciding
these cases now. In doing so, I would make clear that where
2 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

THOMAS, J., dissenting

this Court's interpretation of breaches the Constitution's
equal protection guarantee, the Constitution controls.
I
These consolidated cases involve a constitutional chal-
lenge to Louisiana's most recent congressional districting
map, Senate Bill 8 (SB8). The State passed SB8 in response
to a District Court order that required Louisiana to create
an additional majority-black district to avoid "vote dilution"
and comply with of the VRA. See Robinson v. Ardoin,
605 F. Supp. 3d 759 (MD La. 2022). The Fifth Circuit va-
cated that order prior to SB8's enactment. See Robinson v.
Ardoin, 86 F. 4th 574, 600 (2023). Nevertheless, because of
the vacated order, two of SB8's six congressional districts
are majority-black -- roughly tracking the proportion of
black Louisianans statewide -- while the State's previous
map included only one such district.
The plaintiffs here sued to enjoin Louisiana's use of SB8,
alleging that the congressional map's second majority-black
district amounted to an unconstitutional racial gerryman-
der. Because the plaintiffs challenged "the constitutional-
ity of the apportionment of congressional districts," a "dis-
trict court of three judges" was convened to hear the suit.
28 U. S. C.. Observing that SB8's "second major-
ity-minority district... stretches some 250 miles from
Shreveport in the northwest corner of the state to Baton
Rouge in southeast Louisiana, slicing through metropolitan
areas to scoop up pockets of predominantly Black popula-
tions from Shreveport, Alexandria, Lafayette, and Baton
Rouge," the court concluded that the map effected a racial
gerrymander that "violates the Equal Protection Clause."
Callais v. Landry, 732 F. Supp. 3d 574, 582, 588 (WD La.
2024).1 The State and intervenor-appellants appealed di-
rectly to this Court. See (providing right to "appeal
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 The three-judge court also drew support for its conclusion from "state-

ments made by key political figures..., all of whom expressed that the
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

THOMAS, J., dissenting

to the Supreme Court" from an order granting a prelimi-
nary injunction in any action "heard and determined by a
district court of three judges"). Despite the cases having
been fully briefed and argued, the Court today punts with-
out explanation.
II
We should have decided these cases this Term. These are
the only cases argued this Term in which our jurisdiction is
mandatory. See ibid. That an Act of Congress requires that
we decide these cases should have prompted us to resolve
them expeditiously.2
These cases also warrant immediate resolution because,
due to our Janus-like election-law jurisprudence, States do
not know how to draw maps that "survive both constitu-
tional and VRA review." Brief for Appellant 53. As Louisi-
ana recognizes, the question whether it can demonstrate
that SB8 complies with the Constitution in this suit is in-
tertwined with the legitimacy of the Robinson court's rul-
ing in prior litigation. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 28 (counsel for
Louisiana stating that the Court "can't assess the legality
of [Louisiana's] map" under the Equal Protection Clause
without also analyzing the ruling in "the Robinson liti-
gation"). The State's reliance on the Robinson District
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
primary purpose guiding SB8 was to create a second majority-Black dis-
trict due to the Robinson litigation." 732 F. Supp. 3d, at 604; see also,
e.g., id., at 587 (SB8's sponsor professing that " 'we all know why we're
here. We were ordered to draw a new Black district, and that's what I've
done' ").
2 In 1976, Congress substantially curtailed its earlier, expansive use of

three-judge courts. See -- 3, 90 Stat. 1119. But, the amendments nev-
ertheless expressly retained three-judge courts with a right of direct re-
view to this Court for constitutional challenges to States' redistricting
maps, see 28 U. S. C., signaling Congress's understanding that
these cases are uniquely important and should receive "expedited Su-
preme Court correction, if necessary." M. Solimine, The Three-Judge
District Court in Voting Rights Litigation, 30 U. Mich. J. L. Reform 79,
84 (1996).
4 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Court's previous ruling complicates its constitutional de-
fense, however, because this Court's jurisprudence is
broken beyond repair. Most relevant here, the Court has
construed to require race-based districting under cir-
cumstances that do not remotely approximate the racial
discrimination that such districting is supposed to remedy.
Although the Court has long recognized that its VRA ju-
risprudence and the Equal Protection Clause are in tension,
see, e.g., Abbott v. Perez, (2018), its recent
decision in Allen v. Milligan, (2023), has placed
the VRA in direct conflict with the Constitution. The Mil-
ligan Court blessed the plaintiffs' effort to use of the VRA
to achieve "a 'proportional allocation of political power ac-
cording to race' " through the creation of a second majority-
black congressional district in Alabama. Id., at 55 -- 56
(THOMAS, J., dissenting). In doing so, the Court effectively
established the following rule for : "If voting is racially
polarized in a jurisdiction, and if there exists any more or
less reasonably configured districting plan that would ena-
ble the minority group to constitute a majority in a number
of districts roughly proportional to its share of the popula-
tion, then the jurisdiction must ensure that its districting
plan includes that number of majority-minority districts 'or
something quite close.' " Id., at 81.
Under the Milligan Court's construction of the statute, it
is difficult to see how imposes any real barrier to a dis-
trict court providing a race-based remedy. Racial polariza-
tion in voting "continues to exist in most areas" and is "rel-
atively easy to establish." R. Greenwood & N.
Stephanopoulos, Voting Rights Federalism, 73 Emory L. J.
299, 311 (2023).3 Nor is there any meaningful hurdle to
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The Milligan plaintiffs' racial-polarization expert confirmed that, to

the best of his knowledge, actionable racially polarized voting "has only
been found to exist where whites tend to vote for Republicans." Milligan
v. Allen, No. 2:21 -- cv -- 1530 (ND Ala., Jan. 18, 2022), ECF Doc. 105 -- 2, p.
230. The Court's interpretation of already "immerse[s] the federal
 Cite as: 606 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

THOMAS, J., dissenting

creating illustrative maps with additional majority-minor-
ity districts; modern computing power makes this task all
but perfunctory, and, on the logic of at least the Milligan
plurality, such districts can be " 'reasonably configured' "
even if they are "palpable racial gerrymanders" that a State
could never enact in the first instance. Milligan, 599 U. S.,
at 59 (THOMAS, J., dissenting).4
In effect, the upshot of Milligan is that whenever a State
feasibly can create an additional majority-minority district,
it must do so -- at least up to the point of racial proportion-
ality -- even though the conditions triggering racialized re-
districting are utterly divorced from the sort of "specific,
identified instances of past discrimination" that this Court
demands to justify a race-based remedy. Students for Fair
Admissions, Inc. v. President and Fellows of Harvard Col-
lege, (2023); see also, e.g., Gratz v. Bol-
linger, (2003) ("Racial classifications are
simply too pernicious to permit any but the most exact con-
nection between justification and classification" (internal
quotation marks and alteration omitted)). That interpreta-
tion of runs roughshod over our admonition that "[r]acial
classifications with respect to voting carry particular dan-
gers" and "deman[d] close judicial scrutiny," Shaw v. Reno,
(1993), and plainly "is not congruent and
proportional to any provisions of the Reconstruction
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
courts in a hopeless project of weighing questions of political theory,"
Holder v. Hall, (1994) (THOMAS, J., concurring in judg-
ment); that the political theory may have partisan valence is cause for
further concern.
4 The Robinson plaintiffs may have taken such an approach here. One

of their mapmaking experts, William Cooper, is the same expert who
drew racially gerrymandered maps in Milligan and "treated 'the minor-
ity population in and of itself ' as the paramount community of interest
in his plans." Milligan, 599 U. S., at 58 (THOMAS, J., dissenting). In the
Robinson litigation, Cooper "freely admitted" that he deliberately drew
maps with two majority-minority districts. Robinson v. Ardoin, 37 F. 4th
208, 222 (CA5 2022).
6 LOUISIANA v. CALLAIS

THOMAS, J., dissenting

Amendments," Milligan, 599 U. S., at 81 (THOMAS, J., dis-
senting).
These cases put the Court to a choice: It may permit pa-
tent racial gerrymandering under the auspices of com-
pliance, or it may admit that, as the Court has construed
the statute, a violation of is insufficient to justify a race-
based remedy. That decision should be straightforward.
Nevertheless, the Court demurs.
* * *
For over three decades, I have called for "a systematic re-
assessment of our interpretation of." Holder v. Hall, (1994) (opinion concurring in judgment). The
Court's decision in Milligan is the latest and most damag-
ing "installment in the 'disastrous misadventure' of this
Court's voting rights jurisprudence." Alabama Legislative
Black Caucus v. Alabama, (2015)
(THOMAS, J., dissenting). I am hopeful that this Court will
soon realize that the conflict its jurisprudence has sown
with the Constitution is too severe to ignore. Because the
Court declines to reach that conclusion today and instead
inexplicably schedules these cases for reargument, I re-
spectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE THOMAS delivered the opinion of the Court.
The Clean Air Act (CAA) establishes a tripartite system
for determining venue in CAA litigation. Challenges to "na-
tionally applicable" Environmental Protection Agency
(EPA) actions belong in the U. S. Court of Appeals for the
D. C. Circuit, while challenges to "locally or regionally ap-
plicable" EPA actions ordinarily belong in a regional Cir-
cuit. 42 U. S. C. (1). But, the CAA makes an ex-
ception for local or regional actions that are "based on a
determination of nationwide scope or effect" and accompa-
nied by an EPA finding of this basis, which also must be
challenged in the D. C. Circuit. Ibid. Applying this frame-
work to EPA's 2022 denials of certain small refineries' ex-
emption petitions, we hold that the refineries' challenges
belong in the D. C. Circuit. EPA's denials are only locally
or regionally applicable, but they fall within the "nation-
wide scope or effect" exception.
I
A
Section 7607(b)(1) -- the CAA's venue provision -- governs
2 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

where petitioners should file challenges to EPA actions un-
der that statute. As originally enacted, (1) dictated
venue only for an enumerated subset of EPA actions. Cer-
tain actions with a national reach, such as "any national
primary or secondary ambient air quality standard"
(NAAQS) were reviewable only in the D. C. Circuit.
-- 5(b)(1) (1970 ed.). Area-specific "implementation
plan[s]" went to "the appropriate" regional Circuit. Ibid.
Any other unmentioned actions could be heard only in dis-
trict courts through their general grant of federal-question
jurisdiction. Harrison v. PPG Industries, Inc., (1980); see 28 U. S. C..
In 1977, Congress replaced this patchwork system with
the CAA's current scheme, which makes all EPA actions di-
rectly reviewable in a federal court of appeals. 91 Stat. 776
(codified as amended at 42 U. S. C. (1)). The
amended statute specifies that, in addition to NAAQS and
other enumerated actions, "any other nationally applicable... final action taken" by EPA under the CAA may be re-
viewed only in the D. C. Circuit. (1). And, in addi-
tion to implementation plans, "any other final action of
[EPA] under this chapter... which is locally or regionally
applicable" ordinarily may be reviewed only in a regional
Circuit. Ibid. Congress has since amended the CAA to
specify additional kinds of actions that fall within these two
categories. 91 Stat. 1404; 104 Stat. 2681.
Congress also created a third venue category in the 1977
amendments. This category provided an exception to the
default rule that locally or regionally applicable actions
should be reviewed in the regional Circuits. Congress in-
structed that a locally or regionally applicable action must
be reviewed in the D. C. Circuit "if [it] is based on a deter-
mination of nationwide scope or effect" and "if in taking
such action [EPA] finds and publishes that such action is
based on such a determination." (1).
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

B
The EPA actions at issue in this case relate to the CAA's
renewable fuel program (RFP). The RFP "requires most do-
mestic refineries to blend a certain amount of ethanol and
other renewable fuels into the transportation fuels they
produce." HollyFrontier Cheyenne Refining, LLC v. Renew-
able Fuels Assn., (2021). Each covered
refinery's precise obligation turns on its proportional share
of various "nationwide volume mandates." Id., at 385 -- 386;
see (2)(A)(i), (o)(3); 40 CFR.1407(a) (2024).
Covered refineries demonstrate compliance through a
system of Renewable Identification Number credits (RINs).
See 40 CFR.1425, 80.1426(a). A refinery generates
RINs whenever it blends renewable fuels,.1426(a), and
refineries may also buy and sell RINs, 42 U. S. C.
(5)(B). Thus, each year, a refinery may show com-
pliance "thanks to its own blending efforts, the purchase of
credits from someone else, or a combination of both." Hol-
lyFrontier, 594 U. S., at 386.
The CAA contains a phased exemption scheme for small
refineries -- i.e., refineries whose "average aggregate daily
crude oil throughput for a calendar year... does not exceed
75,000 barrels." (1)(K). The scheme exempted all
small refineries from RFP compliance until 2011.
(9)(A)(i). It then required EPA to extend this blan-
ket exemption, for at least two years, for all small refineries
found by a Department of Energy study to face "dispropor-
tionate economic hardship" if subjected to the RFP's obliga-
tions. (9)(A)(ii). Finally, the scheme allows a small
refinery to "at any time petition [EPA] for an extension of
[its] exemption... for the reason of disproportionate eco-
nomic hardship." (9)(B)(i). We interpreted this last
provision in HollyFrontier, holding that a small refinery
may obtain an "extension" even after its original exemption
has lapsed. Id., at 396.
4 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

C
This case arose in the aftermath of HollyFrontier. Pend-
ing that decision, the D. C. Circuit had been holding in
abeyance challenges to EPA's resolution of 36 small refin-
eries' exemption petitions for the 2018 compliance year. Af-
terwards, that court granted EPA's motion for remand
without vacatur, so that EPA could reconsider its orders in
light of the HollyFrontier litigation. Order in Sinclair Wy-
oming Refining Co. v. EPA, No. 19 -- 1196 etc. (CADC, Dec.
8, 2021), p. 3. The D. C. Circuit instructed EPA to issue its
new decisions within 120 days. Ibid.
Shortly thereafter, EPA noticed for public comment a pro-
posal to deny all pending exemption petitions. 86 Fed. Reg.
71000 (2021). EPA's notice set out two principles. First,
EPA offered its interpretation of "disproportionate eco-
nomic hardship," the CAA's threshold for an exemption pe-
tition to be granted. (9)(B)(i). On EPA's view, that
phrase covers only hardship that is caused by RFP compli-
ance. App. in No. 22 -- 60266 etc. (CA5), pp. 545 -- 548. Sec-
ond, EPA theorized that, as a matter of economics, small
refineries ordinarily do not suffer disproportionate eco-
nomic hardship as a result of the RFP because "RIN costs
are fully passed through to consumers." Id., at 549; see id.,
at 548 -- 584. Based on this "RIN passthrough" theory, EPA
proposed denying all pending petitions "by finding the peti-
tioning refineries do not face [disproportionate economic
hardship] caused by compliance with their [RFP] obliga-
tions." 86 Fed. Reg. 71000.
After receiving comments, EPA followed through and de-
nied the pending exemption petitions in two omnibus no-
tices. EPA issued the first in April 2022 to deny the 36 pe-
titions subject to the D. C. Circuit's deadline. 87 Fed. Reg.
24300. EPA issued the second in July 2022, to deny an ad-
ditional 69 petitions from the 2016 to 2021 compliance
years. Id., at 34874. In both notices, EPA relied primarily
on the principles from its proposal -- namely, its statutory
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

interpretation of "disproportionate economic hardship" and
its RIN passthrough theory. App. to Pet. for Cert. 100a,
107a, 242a, 249a. EPA treated the passthrough theory as
creating a presumption against granting exemptions, and
it examined the petitioning refineries' evidence regarding
their specific circumstances to confirm that none of the re-
fineries had rebutted this presumption. See id., at 107a -- 
108a, 163a -- 168a, 249a -- 250a, 305a -- 310a.
EPA also asserted in the denial notices that its denials
were reviewable only in the D. C. Circuit. According to
EPA, the notices were " 'nationally applicable' " actions un-
der (1). Id., at 187a, 328a. Alternatively, if the ac-
tions were only "locally or regionally applicable," then EPA
invoked the exception for actions "based on a determination
of 'nationwide scope or effect.' " Ibid. EPA included in both
notices a finding that its new statutory interpretation and
RIN passthrough theory supplied the relevant determina-
tions of nationwide scope or effect. Id., at 187a -- 188a, 329a.
Notwithstanding EPA's position, small refineries chal-
lenged these denials in a host of regional Circuits. Agreeing
with EPA that the litigation belonged in the D. C. Circuit,
most of these Circuits either dismissed the petitions for im-
proper venue or transferred them to the D. C. Circuit.1
The Fifth Circuit took a different approach. Evaluating
the petitions filed by six small refineries (respondents
here), the Fifth Circuit held that the litigation was properly
before it. The majority rejected the arguments for transfer
raised by EPA and a group of intervenors, reasoning that
EPA's notices were merely locally or regionally applicable

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 See, e.g., Orders in American Rfg. Group, Inc. v. EPA, No. 22 -- 1991

(CA3, Aug. 9, 2022), ECF Doc. 23; Countrymark Rfg. & Logistics, LLC v.
EPA, No. 22 -- 1878 (CA7, July 20, 2022), ECF Doc. 13; Calumet Mont.
Rfg., LLC v. EPA, No. 22 -- 70124 (CA9, Oct. 25, 2022), ECF Doc. 16; Wy-
oming Rfg. Co. v. EPA, No. 22 -- 9538 (CA10, Aug. 23, 2022), ECF Doc. 26;
see also Hunt Rfg. Co. v. EPA, 90 F. 4th 1107, 1113 (CA11 2024).
6 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

actions, because their "legal effect" was limited to the peti-
tioning refineries. 86 F. 4th 1121, 1131 -- 1132 (2023). And,
contra EPA, the notices were not based on any determina-
tion of nationwide scope or effect. Both EPA's new inter-
pretation and its RIN passthrough theory "fail[ed] to pro-
vide the agency with a sufficient basis to adjudicate
exemption petitions," because EPA still looked to refinery-
specific facts before it issued its denials. Id., at 1133. Ac-
cordingly, the case properly belonged in the Fifth Circuit,
and the majority proceeded to rule against EPA on the mer-
its, vacating and remanding EPA's denials for further con-
sideration. Id., at 1133, 1142.
Judge Higginbotham dissented on venue grounds. In his
view, EPA's denial notices were nationally applicable be-
cause they applied throughout the country: EPA applied a
consistent approach to small refineries spanning "eighteen
different states, in the geographical boundaries of eight dif-
ferent circuit courts." Id., at 1143 -- 1144. And, if the notices
were only locally or regionally applicable, then EPA was
correct to find that the "nationwide scope or effect" excep-
tion applied: EPA's statutory interpretation and its
passthrough theory were "core determinations" that have
nationwide scope or effect in that they "are applicable to all
small refineries no matter the location or market in which
they operate." Id., at 1145. We granted certiorari to clarify
where venue properly lies. 604 U. S. ___ (2024).
II
Section 7607(b)(1) creates a two-step inquiry for deter-
mining venue. At the first step, we assess whether an EPA
action is nationally applicable, or only locally or regionally
applicable. If the action is nationally applicable, then our
inquiry ends: The case belongs in the D. C. Circuit. If the
action is locally or regionally applicable, then we proceed to
the second step. There, we ask whether the "nationwide
scope or effect" exception applies to override the default rule
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

that locally or regionally applicable actions belong in the
regional Circuits. Turning to (1)'s first step, we
hold that the actions before us are only locally or regionally
applicable.
A
To properly categorize EPA's actions at the first step, we
must determine what the relevant "action" is, and what it
means for an action to be "nationally applicable" as opposed
to "locally or regionally applicable." Once those principles
are clarified, the categorization here is straightforward.
1
Because (1) pegs venue to the scope of the EPA
action being challenged, our threshold task is to identify the
"action" at issue. To do so, we must read "action" in its con-
text. That word means "a thing done." Webster's Third
New International Dictionary 21 (1976) (Webster's); see
also Black's Law Dictionary 26 (5th ed. 1979) (Black's)
("something done"). But, we could define the "thing done"
by EPA in different ways. Both EPA's denials of each indi-
vidual exemption petition and its aggregation of those de-
nials into omnibus notices are in a sense things done. The
former is an "activity the Clean Air Act allows the EPA to
take," while the latter is how EPA has chosen to undertake
that activity. Kentucky v. EPA, 123 F. 4th 447, 460 (CA6
2024).
To determine which framing matters for purposes of
(1), we look to the example "actions" this provision
enumerates. Section 7607(b)(1) lists various examples of
EPA actions that qualify as either "nationally applicable"
or "locally or regionally applicable." For both these terms,
it then provides a catchall for "any other" "final action."
And, we "interpret a 'general or collective term'... in light
of any 'common attribute[s]' shared by" statutory examples
of that term. Southwest Airlines Co. v. Saxon, EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

450, 458 (2022).
The enumerated "actions" in (1) make clear that
this provision "treats each activity the Clean Air Act allows
the EPA to take as a distinct 'action.' " Kentucky, 123 F. 4th,
at 460. These "actions" all refer to particular exercises of
EPA authority undertaken pursuant to particular CAA pro-
visions. For instance, the example of a NAAQS must be
understood by reference to, which directs EPA to
issue a NAAQS "for each air pollutant," and thus indicates
that each pollutant-specific standard is its own "action."
Likewise, (1)'s example of EPA's approval of an
"implementation plan under section 7410" must be read in
light of, which makes clear that an implementation
plan is a proposal "submitted by a State," and thus indi-
cates that EPA's approval decision is state specific.
(2). In each case, the enumerated EPA "action" is
defined by reference to the substantive authority under
which EPA is acting. See id., at 461.
Accordingly, for both (1)'s enumerated examples
and "any other... final action taken" by EPA "under this
chapter," we must look to the authorizing CAA provision to
identify the "action" at hand. This provision makes the
CAA's framing of the relevant "action" controlling, regard-
less of how EPA chooses to package its decisions in the Fed-
eral Register.2
2
The next question is whether a given action is "nationally
applicable" or only "locally or regionally applicable." Be-
cause (1) does not define those terms, we presump-
tively give those terms their ordinary meaning. Burrage v.
United States, (2014). The word
" '[n]ational' contemplates an activity with a nationwide
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 The Fifth Circuit therefore erred in summarily accepting EPA's char-

acterization of its omnibus notices as the "two EPA actions" at issue in
this case. 86 F. 4th 1121, 1129 (2023); see supra, at 5 -- 6.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

scope," while the words "local" and "regional" relate only to
particular "place[s]" or regions. See Black's 845, 923. And,
the word "applicable" requires us to ask what the EPA ac-
tion in question " 'ha[s] reference to.' " Kentucky, 123 F. 4th,
at 459. Put another way, we ask whether the action "[o]n
its face" applies throughout the entire country, or only to
particular localities or regions. Sierra Club v. EPA, 926
F. 3d 844, 849 (CADC 2019).
The statutory context supplied by (1)'s enumer-
ated examples confirms the correctness of this ordinary-
meaning approach. The actions that (1) identifies
as "nationally applicable" facially apply nationwide. For ex-
ample, courts have identified a NAAQS -- a " 'national pri-
mary or secondary ambient air quality standard' " -- as
"[t]he textbook example of nationally applicable action." Si-
erra Club v. EPA, 47 F. 4th 738, 743 (CADC 2022). Con-
versely, the actions that the CAA enumerates as "locally or
regionally applicable" all have more particularized reach.
For instance, "the prototypical 'locally or regionally appli-
cable' action" is EPA's approval of a state implementation
plan, which, as explained, is state specific. American Road
& Transp. Builders Assn. v. EPA, 705 F. 3d 453, 455 (CADC
2013) (majority opinion of Kavanaugh, J.); supra, at 8. Be-
cause catchall "clauses are to be read as bringing within a
statute categories similar in type to those specifically enu-
merated," the examples make clear that the ordinary mean-
ing of the terms "nationally applicable" and "locally or re-
gionally applicable" controls. Federal Maritime Comm'n v.
Seatrain Lines, Inc., (1973).3
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 Because 42 U. S. C. (1) requires all actions to be either na-

tionally applicable or locally or regionally applicable, difficult edge cases
may arise. For example, if an EPA action must "formally appl[y]" to "the
whole country" to be nationally applicable, Kentucky v. EPA, 123 F. 4th
447, 460 (CA6 2024), then actions could apply to nearly the entire coun-
try yet still be locally or regionally applicable, see, e.g., (4). But,
if an action that formally applies to only a subset of the country can be
10 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

3
Applying these principles here, we treat each EPA denial
of a refinery's exemption petition as its own "action" for
venue purposes. And, EPA's denial of a single refinery's pe-
tition plainly is only locally or regionally applicable.
This conclusion follows from how the CAA defines the
submission and evaluation of an RFP exemption petition.
The CAA allows "[a] small refinery" to "at any time petition
[EPA] for an extension of [its] exemption" from RFP obliga-
tions. (9)(B)(i). EPA, in turn, is to "evaluat[e] a
petition" and then "act on any petition submitted... not
later than 90 days after the date of receipt of the petition."
(9)(B)(ii) -- (iii). Thus, the CAA pegs EPA's "ac-
tions" under the exemption provision by reference to each
individual exemption petition.
Against this backdrop, our classification decision is
straightforward. By definition, EPA's denial of a single re-
finery's exemption petition only applies to that refinery,
which is a particular entity located in a particular place.
That limited reach makes EPA's denials paradigmatically
"locally or regionally applicable" actions. See Sierra Club,
926 F. 3d, at 849.
B
We are unpersuaded by EPA's and the intervenors' coun-
terarguments. EPA proffers its omnibus denial notices as
the relevant "actions" on the ground that it has the discre-
tion to structure its decisions. According to EPA, it is free
to "aggregate similar petitions for joint resolution" in a sin-
gle "action" -- here, its omnibus Federal Register notices -- 
given its right as an agency " 'to fashion [its] own rules of

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
nationally applicable, see ATK Launch Systems, Inc. v. EPA, 651 F. 3d
1194, 1197 (CA10 2011), then line-drawing questions may arise, Ken-
tucky, 123 F. 4th, at 460 -- 462. This case, however, does not present these
issues.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

procedure and to pursue methods of inquiry capable of per-
mitting [it] to discharge [its] multitudinous duties.' " Brief
for Petitioner 26 -- 27 ). But, whatever discre-
tion EPA has to manage its internal affairs, Congress con-
clusively defined the term "action" in (1) to focus on
the specific statutory authority EPA is exercising.
Tellingly, EPA's position that it can control the unit of
"action" used to determine venue lacks any statutory limit-
ing principle. If EPA had free rein to group decisions into a
single "action" for venue purposes, then it could bundle even
unrelated matters into one Federal Register pronounce-
ment that is, in the aggregate, nationally applicable. Such
a possibility would effectively give EPA a veto power over
venue under the CAA. We see no reason to read (1)
to permit such gamesmanship. Absent indication that Con-
gress meant to give a party unfettered control over venue,
we will not read a venue provision to confer such broad dis-
cretion. Cf. Deal v. United States, -- 134
(1993) (disfavoring a reading that would "give a prosecutor
unreviewable discretion" as to a sentencing enhancement's
applicability).
Because EPA does not dispute that the actions here can
be nationally applicable only if it is right that the omnibus
denial notices are the relevant "actions," we need not re-
solve EPA's remaining arguments. At a minimum, how-
ever, we note that EPA's theory for distinguishing between
nationally applicable and locally or regionally applicable ac-
tions cannot withstand scrutiny. EPA argues that any
agency action is nationally applicable if it affects more than
one Circuit. But, as we have recognized, the term "nation-
ally applicable" bears its ordinary meaning, supra, at 8 -- 9,
and EPA's view would render actions with a plainly local or
regional focus "nationally applicable" simply because the lo-
cality or region at issue straddles Circuit lines. For exam-
12 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

ple, some EPA air quality control regions cover metropoli-
tan areas that extend into two Circuits. It would defy cre-
dulity to say that an EPA action regarding such a region
would therefore be nationally applicable rather than locally
or regionally applicable. Cf. Brief for Small Refinery Re-
spondents 41 ("Can there be any doubt that an EPA disap-
proval of a regional implementation plan for only Region 90
(Metropolitan Kansas City) is a 'regionally applicable' ac-
tion..., even though that action touches both the Eighth
and Tenth Circuits?"). Whatever the precise line should be,
see, supra, EPA's line cannot be it.
EPA justifies its position based on (1)'s language
equating regional Circuit review with review in "the appro-
priate circuit." (1). To be review-
able only in a single "appropriate circuit," EPA contends,
the category of "locally or regionally applicable" actions
must be limited to those actions affecting only one Circuit.
But, in the absence of other evidence, (1)'s use of
the definite article "the" is too thin a reed to support EPA's
conclusion. See 1 U. S. C. (directing that "words import-
ing the singular include and apply to several persons, par-
ties, or things" "unless the context indicates otherwise").
Finally, we find no merit in the intervenors' arguments
for why the denial of an individual refinery's exemption pe-
tition should still be considered nationally applicable. Ac-
cording to the intervenors, the individual denials are na-
tionally applicable because they have follow-on effects for
the amount of renewable fuel that must be produced under
the RFP and because EPA in issuing the denials announced
a new standard for adjudicating exemption petitions. But,
again, we determine an action's range of applicability by
"look[ing] only to the face of the [action], rather than to its
practical effects." American Road & Transp. Builders
Assn., 705 F. 3d, at 456. Any follow-on implications of
EPA's denials have no bearing on our analysis of their facial
applicability. Cf. Sierra Club, 47 F. 4th, at 744 (" The fact
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

that 'EPA's interpretive reasoning' may have 'precedential
effect in future EPA proceedings... does not make [an ac-
tion] nationally applicable' ").
III
Because we conclude that EPA's actions were only locally
or regionally applicable, we must proceed to the second step
of the (1) inquiry. That is, we ask whether the "na-
tionwide scope or effect" exception applies to override the
default of regional Circuit review for locally or regionally
applicable actions. This exception channels an action to the
D. C. Circuit if (1) it "is based on a determination of nation-
wide scope or effect," and (2) "in taking such action [EPA]
finds and publishes that such action is based on such a de-
termination." (1). Here, all agree that the second
requirement is satisfied: EPA included the necessary find-
ing in both its April and June denial notices. Supra, at 5.
Accordingly, the question before us is whether EPA's ex-
emption denials were "based on a determination of nation-
wide scope or effect." We conclude that they were.
A
Here too, we begin by laying out the framework for decid-
ing whether an action is "based on a determination of na-
tionwide scope or effect." We conclude that this require-
ment is met if such a determination supplies a core
justification for EPA's action and that courts should evalu-
ate the basis for EPA's determinations de novo. Applying
that framework, we hold that this case is one in which the
"nationwide scope or effect" exception applies.
1
To understand the phrase "based on a determination of
nationwide scope or effect," we again turn to ordinary
meaning. Burrage, 571 U. S., at 210. In particular, we look
to the plain meaning of this phrase's component words,
which are all terms of everyday usage. And, we read these
14 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

words "in their context and with a view to their place in the
overall statutory scheme." Davis v. Michigan Dept. of
Treasury, (1989).
To begin, a "determination" is the "settling and ending of
a controversy," or "the resolving of a question by argument
or reasoning." Webster's 616; see also 4 Oxford English Dic-
tionary 548 (2d ed. 1989) ("[t]he decision arrived at or prom-
ulgated; a determinate sentence, conclusion, or opinion").
In an EPA action, EPA's underlying "determinations are
the justifications [it] gives for the action," which "can be
found in [its] explanation of its action." Texas v. EPA, 829
F. 3d 405, 419 (CA5 2016).
In turn, a determination's "scope" and "effect" refer, re-
spectively, to its "formal 'area' of operation" and to its " 'op-
erative influence.' " Kentucky, 123 F. 4th, at 465; see, e.g.,
American Heritage Dictionary 1164 (1969) (defining "scope"
as the "area covered by a given activity or subject"); Web-
ster's 724 (defining "effect" as "something that is produced
by an agent or cause"). An agency's determinations are of
"nationwide" scope or effect if they apply "throughout [the]
entire nation." Id., at 1505. Taken together, an agency ac-
tion involves determinations of nationwide "scope" if they
apply throughout the country "as a legal matter (de jure)"
and determinations of nationwide "effect" if they so apply
"as a practical one (de facto)." Kentucky, 123 F. 4th, at 465.
Of course, nearly all agency actions can be said to involve
justifications of nationwide reach or consequence. For ex-
ample, most EPA actions presumably rely on EPA's inter-
pretations of its governing statutes.
The key question, then, is the degree of causality con-
tained in the phrase "based on." And, the meaning of that
phrase is context dependent. In many cases, it "indicates a
but-for causal relationship." Safeco Ins. Co. of America v.
Burr, (2007). But-for causation is a com-
paratively lenient standard, which is met so long as a result
"would not have occurred in the absence of -- that is, but
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

for -- [a party's] conduct." Burrage, 571 U. S., at 211 (inter-
nal quotation marks omitted). In other cases, however,
more is needed. Congress sometimes uses phrases such as
"based on" to cover only "core" causes amounting to an ac-
tion's "sine qua non" or " 'gravamen.' " See, e.g., Fry v. Na-
poleon Community Schools, 169 (2017);
OBB Personenverkehr AG v. Sachs, (2015).
Section 7607(b)(1) incorporates the more demanding,
"core" understanding of "based on." This constraint follows
from the function of the "nationwide scope or effect" excep-
tion as just that -- an exception. Congress, after all, is un-
likely to intend for an exception to swallow the rule. See
Smith & Wesson Brands, Inc. v. Estados Unidos Mexicanos,
605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025). Thus, in this con-
text, but-for causation is inadequate: In almost any case, a
determination of nationwide scope or effect will be at least
a but-for cause of EPA's action, given that any EPA action
is downstream of EPA's conclusions as to what its govern-
ing statutes permit or require. But, Congress made re-
gional Circuit review the default for locally or regionally ap-
plicable actions, so we must read the "nationwide scope or
effect" exception in a way that preserves regional Circuit
review as the norm.
It follows that an EPA action is "based on" a particular
determination only if that determination "lie[s] at the core
of the agency action," so as to form the most important part
of the agency's reasoning. Texas, 829 F. 3d, at 419. Put
more concretely, an EPA action is based on a determination
of nationwide scope or effect only if a justification of nation-
wide breadth is the primary explanation for and driver of
EPA's action. A determination of nationwide scope or effect
does not rise to this level if EPA also relied in significant
part on other, "intensely factual" considerations, or if the
key driver of EPA's action is otherwise debatable. Id., at
421; see also id., at 419 (" The default presumption is that
16 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

petitions for review of locally or regionally applicable ac-
tions 'may only be filed in the United States Court of Appeal
for the appropriate circuit' ").
2
In deciding whether a particular EPA action is "based on
a determination of nationwide scope or effect," courts
should assess EPA's reasoning de novo. This standard fol-
lows from the structure of the "nationwide scope or effect"
exception: The exception applies only "if " a locally or re-
gionally applicable action is based on a determination of na-
tionwide scope or effect "and if " EPA, in taking the action,
finds and publishes that the action has this basis.
(1). In other words, the CAA re-
quires both that EPA deem its action to have a qualifying
basis and that the action in fact have this basis. This dual
formulation does not naturally suggest that courts should
simply give EPA's finding deference. Cf. Regalado Cuellar
v. United States, (2008) (finding it "im-
plausible" to infer that Congress intended a particular
meaning, where it used a "more complex formulation").
The upshot is that courts must "make an independent as-
sessment of the scope of [EPA's] determinations." Texas,
829 F. 3d, at 421. That is, they should parse the reasoning
offered by EPA in taking an action to decide which determi-
nations primarily drove the action. Courts routinely ana-
lyze filings to identify their substance, and the language of
the "nationwide scope or effect" exception directs them to do
the same here.
In so holding, we do not downplay the importance of
EPA's role. Because the "nationwide scope or effect" excep-
tion can apply only when "EPA so finds and publishes" that
it does, EPA can decide whether the exception is even po-
tentially relevant. Sierra Club, 47 F. 4th, at 746. And,
where EPA does invoke the exception, its explanation for
doing so will at a minimum focus the courts' assessment of
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 17

Opinion of the Court

the possible determinations of nationwide scope or effect.4
Thus, EPA's choices will matter, even as courts must assess
the bases for EPA's actions themselves.
3
Applying this framework, we conclude that EPA's denials
of the small refineries' exemption petitions were based on
determinations of nationwide scope or effect. We agree with
EPA's finding -- published in both its April and June denial
notices -- that its interpretation of the phrase "dispropor-
tionate economic hardship" under (9)(B)(i) and its
RIN passthrough theory were determinations of nationwide
scope or effect that formed the core basis for EPA's denials.
Supra, at 5.
Both conclusions are clear determinations of nationwide
scope or effect: EPA invoked both its statutory interpreta-
tion and its passthrough theory in justifying its denials, and
both points apply generically to all refineries, regardless of
their geographic location. After all, the CAA is a federal
statute, and (9)(B)(i) by its terms applies nation-
wide. Likewise, EPA's RIN passthrough theory is a finding
about how the national refinery market works. See supra,
at 4 -- 5.
These conclusions also can be deemed the "basis" for
EPA's denials here. EPA decided, in light of the foregoing
determinations, that it would presumptively deny all the

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 This case does not present the question whether, given principles of

issue preservation, courts can forgo consideration of determinations that
EPA has not itself identified as the basis for its action. Cf. SEC v.
Chenery Corp., (1943) (confining review of agency action
"to a judgment upon the validity of the grounds upon which the [agency]
itself based its action"). But, we expect this issue to be outcome disposi-
tive only in rare cases. As a practical matter, an action is unlikely to be
based on a particular determination where EPA has failed, in promul-
gating the action, to identify that determination as the relevant determi-
nation of nationwide scope or effect.
18 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

exemption petitions before it. Supra, at 4 -- 5. It then con-
sidered other, refinery-specific considerations only to con-
firm that it had no reason to depart from its presumptive
disposition. Supra, at 5. In this posture, EPA's statutory
interpretation and passthrough theory plainly are the most
important parts of its reasoning. Or, put another way,
where EPA relies on determinations of nationwide scope or
effect to reach a presumptive resolution, those determina-
tions qualify as the primary driver of its decision. EPA's
confirmatory review of refinery-specific facts is "[m]erely
peripheral" by comparison. Texas, 829 F. 3d, at 419.
Accordingly, we agree with EPA that the "nationwide
scope or effect" exception applies here. The Fifth Circuit
should have transferred this case.
B
We are unpersuaded by the counterarguments raised by
EPA, respondents, the Fifth Circuit, and the dissent.
Although we agree with EPA's bottom-line position that
the "nationwide scope or effect" exception applies, we reject
its roundabout approach to the word "determination." EPA
argues that "[t]he word 'determination' " in (1)
"suggests a resolution of an unsettled issue," such that EPA
does not make "determinations" when it "applies a previ-
ously established agency rule, policy, or interpretation to
new... circumstances." Brief for Petitioner 41. We agree
with EPA that a "determination" here means the " 'settling
and ending of a controversy,' " ibid.; supra, at 14, but noth-
ing in that term or its use in (1) suggests that only
novel conclusions count. Rather, given (1)'s focus
on the face of the agency action, "determination" is most
naturally read to cover any EPA conclusion within the four
corners of an action.
Moreover, we do not see how EPA's proposed approach
can be squared with its requested disposition. If a "deter-
mination" covers only the resolution of an unsettled issue,
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 19

Opinion of the Court

it is not obvious why EPA's June denials contain any deter-
minations: EPA's June notice purported to "appl[y] the ap-
proach... adopted in the April" notice. App. to Pet. for
Cert. 80a. EPA attempts to avoid this difficulty by propos-
ing a holistic assessment of novelty that considers factors
such as "whether EPA announced the rule or policy at
roughly the same time as the challenged agency action it-
self." Brief for Petitioner 41. But, we do not see how this
amorphous test follows even from EPA's view.5
Respondents argue that the word "determination" in
(1) is a term of art, wherein an agency action can
trigger the "nationwide scope or effect" exception only if it
is undertaken based on a CAA provision that "textually di-
rect[s] EPA to make a 'determination' for the entire nation."
Brief for Small Refinery Respondents 32 (emphasis de-
leted). But, "determination" is "hardly a rarely used word,"
and nothing in the CAA's context suggests that Congress
meant for its use in (1) to reach only CAA provi-
sions that happen to use some variant of that word.
Bruesewitz v. Wyeth LLC, (2011). Such
a limitation would at best lead to arbitrary outcomes, as
Congress did not act in a standardized way when using "de-
termination" as opposed to other words. Compare
(3) (not speaking in terms of "determinations")
with (6) (requiring a "determination" when EPA
"[c]orrect[s]" its actions under (3)). At worst, re-
spondents' approach would render the "nationwide scope or
effect" exception meaningless: Respondents have conceded
that their term-of-art view may render the exception "a null
set, or close to a null set." Tr. of Oral Arg. 103 -- 104. But,
Congress would not have gone to the trouble of creating a
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 EPA also contends that (1)'s "based on" language speaks in

terms of but-for causation and that courts should assess the basis for
EPA's actions deferentially, through arbitrary-and-capricious review.
For the reasons already explained, we reject those contentions. Supra,
at 14 -- 16.
20 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

Opinion of the Court

superfluous exception, so we will not "force [a] term-of-art
definitio[n]" where it "plainly do[es] not fit." Gonzales v.
Oregon, (2006) (Scalia, J., dissenting).
The dissent would similarly limit the "nationwide scope
or effect" exception to reach only statutorily enumerated de-
terminations, but its arguments fare no better. The dissent
highlights that various CAA substantive provisions require
EPA to make particular "determinations" before taking an
action. Post, at 3 -- 6, 10 (opinion of GORSUCH, J.). But, it
does not follow that Congress meant to encompass only
statutorily enumerated determinations when it spoke gen-
erally in the exception of actions "based on a determination
of nationwide scope or effect." (1). And, although some statutes " 'distinguis[h] be-
tween "considerations" that inform [a] "determination," and
the "determination" itself,' " post, at 10 ; al-
terations in original), statutes like the one in Zuch use "de-
termination" to refer to an agency's ultimate decision, see
id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 6). In asking whether a deter-
mination supplies the basis for an EPA action, (1)
uses the term in a different sense. Likewise, the dissent's
concern that our test could be difficult for "lower courts and
lawyers to apply" is not a problem of our creation. Post, at
11. Insofar as the reticulated venue framework that Con-
gress enacted creates difficulty for courts or litigants, "it is
a problem for Congress, not one that federal courts can fix."
Lewis v. Chicago, (2010).
Finally, we are unpersuaded by respondents' argument,
accepted by the Fifth Circuit, that the "nationwide scope or
effect" exception is inapplicable in light of EPA's considera-
tion of refinery-specific facts. That exception requires that
an EPA action be "based on" a determination of nationwide
scope or effect, in contrast to another part of (1)
where Congress used the phrase "based solely on." Accord-
ingly, EPA's consideration of local facts does not preclude
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 21

Opinion of the Court

its invocation of the exception, either generally or here. So
long as a determination of nationwide scope or effect served
as the primary driver of EPA's action, other, more "periph-
eral" determinations "are not relevant" for venue purposes.
Texas, 829 F. 3d, at 419.
* * *
We agree with the Fifth Circuit that EPA's actions here
are only locally or regionally applicable, although we clarify
that the relevant actions are EPA's individual denials of the
small refineries' exemption petitions. But, under a proper
understanding of (1), the "nationwide scope or ef-
fect" exception applies, and the case belongs in the D. C.
Circuit. The Fifth Circuit therefore erred in denying EPA's
request to transfer. The judgment of the Court of Appeals
is vacated, and the case is remanded for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

No. 23 -- 1229
_________________

ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY,
PETITIONER v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT
REFINING, L.L.C., ET AL.
ON WRIT OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT
[June 18, 2025]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom THE CHIEF JUSTICE joins,
dissenting.
Though I would reach a different judgment, the Court
and I travel much of the way together. This case involves
six small refineries. Each petitioned the Environmental
Protection Agency for a hardship exemption from the Clean
Air Act's renewable fuel mandates. The agency denied all
six refineries' petitions. The question we face does not con-
cern the merits of what EPA did, only where the small re-
fineries' lawsuit challenging the agency's actions should be
heard. The Act instructs that litigation over "nationally ap-
plicable" EPA "actions" belongs in the D. C. Circuit, while
disputes over "locally or regionally applicable" agency "ac-
tions" generally belong in a regional circuit. 42 U. S. C.
(1). In Parts I and II of its opinion, the Court con-
cludes that these rules presumptively route the dispute be-
fore us to a regional circuit because EPA's decision to deny
an individual refinery's petition for a hardship exemption
is a "locally or regionally applicable" action. With all that,
I agree.
But then, in Part III of its opinion, the Court pivots. Even
when a case challenges only a "locally or regionally applica-
ble" action, the Court observes, the Act routes it to the D. C.
2 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Circuit if EPA's action "is based on a determination of na-
tionwide scope or effect." Applying a new multistep test it
announces, the Court concludes that EPA's actions at issue
here were based on such a determination. As a result, the
Court holds, the right venue for this case turns out to be the
D. C. Circuit after all.
In my view, that pivot is a mistake. The Clean Air Act's
venue provision works in harmony with its substantive pro-
visions. Throughout, those substantive provisions direct
EPA to make certain "determinations" before it may take
certain "actions." When it comes to acting on a small refin-
ery's hardship petition, nothing in the Act's substantive
provisions calls on EPA to make a "determination of nation-
wide scope or effect." Instead, the Act requires the agency
to evaluate only whether a particular small refinery seek-
ing an exemption would suffer a hardship without one. Ac-
cordingly, the Act's venue provision routes this dispute to a
regional circuit, just as the Fifth Circuit recognized below.
The Court's new and reticulated test for assessing venue
disputes under the Act strikes me as both mistaken and
likely to render simple venue questions unnecessarily diffi-
cult and expensive to resolve.
I
Start with how I would analyze this case. The Clean Air
Act's venue provision, found in 42 U. S. C. (1), sup-
plies three basic rules. First, challenges to "nationally ap-
plicable" agency "action[s]" must be brought in the D. C.
Circuit. Second, challenges to "locally or regionally" appli-
cable agency "action[s]" must be filed in the appropriate re-
gional circuit. Third, as an exception to the second rule,
challenges to locally or regionally applicable agency actions
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

belong in the D. C. Circuit if they are "based on a determi-
nation of nationwide scope or effect."1 The central question
this case poses concerns the relationship between the sec-
ond and third rules: When is a locally or regionally appli-
cable "action" under the Clean Air Act "based on a determi-
nation of nationwide scope or effect"?
As I see it, the Act itself supplies the answer. Working in
concert with the Act's venue provision, the Act's substantive
provisions tell us what kinds of "actions" the agency is law-
fully authorized to take and when those actions may be
based on "determinations of nationwide scope or effect."
Here, the relevant substantive provisions permit EPA to
take a specific "action" -- namely, the granting or denying of
a small refinery's hardship petition. But, by their terms,
those provisions do not call for a nationwide "determina-
tion" when the agency acts. Instead, the only decisions EPA
must make are refinery-specific ones. Accordingly, the dis-
pute before us belongs in an appropriate regional circuit.
A
To appreciate how the Act's substantive and venue provi-
sions interact, begin with a look at the substantive provi-
sions addressing the renewable fuel standards that lie at
the heart of this case.
As a rule, (2) requires the Nation's fuel supply to
include ethanol or other renewable fuels in fixed amounts
that increase over time. See HollyFrontier Cheyenne Refin-
ing, LLC v. Renewable Fuels Assn., -- 386
(2021). But the Act also permits EPA to take various ac-
tions inconsistent with that general rule if it makes certain
determinations. So, for example, (7)(A)(i) allows
EPA to waive some renewable fuel mandates "based on a
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 To implicate this exception, EPA must also certify its belief that its

action "is based on... a determination" of nationwide scope or effect.
(1). But that requirement is irrelevant in this case because all
agree that EPA satisfied it, so I will not address it further. Ante, at 13.
4 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

determination" that enforcing them "would severely harm
the economy or environment of a State, a region, or the
United States." Similarly, EPA may waive renewable fuel
requirements "based on a determination... that there is an
inadequate domestic [fuel] supply." (7)(A)(ii). Sim-
ilarly again, (4)(C)(ii) and (iii) permit EPA to
waive other standards if it "determines that... extreme
and unusual... circumstances exist in a State or region."
Beyond those examples, discusses various other ac-
tions the agency may take after making various other de-
terminations. (In all, uses the word "determination"
or one of its cognates more than 70 times.)
Now apply these observations about 's substantive
provisions to the Act's venue provision. If, for example,
EPA waives a renewable fuel standard for a single State
under (7)(A)(i) "based on a determination" that
"implement[ing]" those standards "would severely harm the
economy... of a State," (1) would route disputes
over that action to the appropriate regional circuit. After
all, a determination about the economy of a particular State
is hardly one of "nationwide scope or effect." (1).
On the other hand, if EPA issues such a waiver based on a
"determination" that implementing the renewable fuel
standard in question "would severely harm the economy [of]
the United States," (1) would channel any litiga-
tion over that action to the D. C. Circuit.
The substantive provisions at issue in today's companion
case illustrate the same point. That litigation revolves
around federal air quality standards and the State Imple-
mentation Plans (SIPs) States must prepare to meet them.
See Oklahoma v. EPA, 605 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2025) ( -- 3). Section 7410 sets forth the general rules about
what SIPs must contain and how EPA must go about as-
sessing them. But that section also authorizes EPA to take
certain actions inconsistent with those rules after making
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

certain determinations. (For its part, uses "determi-
nation" or one of its cognates more than 20 times.) So, for
example, permits EPA to "extend the period for
[the] submission of any" SIP for up to 18 months "wherever
[the EPA Administrator] determines necessary." And
allows EPA to "disapprov[e]" a Governor's decision
to suspend a SIP component if the agency "determines" that
his decision "does not meet" certain statutory criteria (in-
cluding whether the suspension is necessary "to prevent
substantial increases in unemployment").
Now consider where the Act's venue provision sends dis-
putes about EPA actions under these substantive provi-
sions. Suppose EPA determines that it is "necessary" to ex-
tend the submission deadline for SIPs across the country,
and the agency acts accordingly pursuant to. In
those circumstances, an argument might be made that
(1) routes disputes about that action to the D. C.
Circuit. Cf. Kentucky v. EPA, 123 F. 4th 447, 466 (CA6
2024). But if EPA acts pursuant to to counter-
mand a Governor's decision to suspend a SIP component
based on a determination that his decision defies the Act's
terms, (1) would likely send any dispute over that
action to a regional circuit.
B
With that much in hand, return to the question whether
the Act's venue provision directs this lawsuit to a regional
circuit or the D. C. Circuit.
As we have seen, lays out the Act's substantive re-
newable fuel standards and generally requires refineries to
mix a certain (and regularly increasing) amount of renewa-
ble fuels into the transportation fuel they produce. See Part
I -- A, supra; HollyFrontier, 594 U. S., at 385 -- 386. But 
also allows EPA to exempt small refineries from these man-
dates "for the reason of disproportionate economic hard-
ship." (9)(B)(i). Seeking to take advantage of this
6 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

provision, the six small refineries before us individually pe-
titioned EPA for hardship exemptions. See 86 F. 4th 1121,
1129 -- 1130 (CA5 2023). In the end, the agency denied each
refinery's request. App. to Pet. for Cert. 251a -- 252a; id., at
305a -- 310a. Now, the small refineries seek to challenge
EPA's actions in court. That challenge belongs in a regional
circuit because nothing in the Act's relevant substantive
provisions calls for EPA to act on a determination of nation-
wide scope or effect.
Just walk through the substantive provisions addressing
small refineries one by one. To account for the fact that
small refineries may have more difficulty meeting evolving
renewable fuel mandates than their larger rivals, Congress
in 2005 granted them a blanket exemption until 2011. See
(9)(A); HollyFrontier, 594 U. S., at 386 -- 387. After
that, Congress directed EPA to extend a small refinery's ex-
emption "for a period of not less than 2 additional years" if
the "Secretary of Energy determines" that the refinery in
question "would be subject to a disproportionate economic
hardship if required to comply" with the Act's renewable
fuel mandates. (9)(A)(ii)(II). Even beyond that,
Congress permitted a small refinery to petition "at any
time" for "an extension" of its "exemption... for the reason
of disproportionate economic hardship." (9)(B)(i).
When it comes to deciding whether to grant or deny such a
petition, the Act directs EPA to "consul[t] with the Secre-
tary of Energy," consider his "determin[ation]" whether "a"
particular "small refinery" would suffer "disproportionate
economic hardship if required to comply," and consider
"other economic factors." (9)(A)(ii), (B)(ii). No-
where does the Act call for a determination of nationwide
scope or effect. To the contrary, after the blanket exemption
for small refineries expired in 2011, all agency actions and
determinations became refinery-specific ones.
Any doubt on that score is resolved by comparing these
substantive provisions with others we have encountered.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Section 7545(o)(7)(A), remember, allows EPA to waive cer-
tain renewable fuel standards "based on a determination... that implementation of the requirement would severely
harm the economy or environment of... the United
States," or "based on a determination... that there is an
inadequate domestic [fuel] supply." As that provision illus-
trates, when it wished to do so, Congress knew how to say
that EPA may take a certain action based on a determina-
tion of nationwide scope or effect. That we have nothing
like that here is a telling sign that the small-refinery provi-
sions work differently and do not task EPA with taking any
nationally applicable action or making any determination
of nationwide scope or effect. See Feliciano v. Department
of Transportation, 605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025).
EPA's own statements convey the same message. The
agency represents that it " 'consider[s] each petition on the
merits' " and examines " 'individual refinery information' "
when passing on individual hardship petitions. 86 F. 4th,
at 1133. EPA represents, too, that it "determined that none
of the petitioning small refineries" merited a hardship ex-
emption only after completing "a thorough evaluation of the
data and information provided" by each small refinery.
Brief for Petitioner 10; App. to Pet. for Cert. 94a -- 95a.
To be sure, EPA also highlights two features of its admin-
istrative proceedings that, it says, prove the agency took a
"nationally applicable action," or at least made a "determi-
nation of nationwide scope or effect." For one, EPA empha-
sizes that it bundled the petitions from the six small refin-
eries before us together with a host of other similar
petitions and dispatched them all in a pair of administra-
tive decisions. See Brief for Petitioner 28; 86 F. 4th, at
1129 -- 1130. For another, the agency stresses that, in eval-
uating each refinery's petition, it relied on a single interpre-
tation of the statutory phrase " 'disproportionate economic
hardship' " and a single economic model (the agency's "RIN
passthrough theory"). Ante, at 5.
8 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

The Court correctly holds that none of this transforms
EPA's challenged actions into "nationally applicable" ac-
tions. Ante, at 10. Yes, the agency may choose to bundle
petitions together for administrative convenience. And,
yes, the agency may apply similar reasoning when faced
with similar petitions. But, as the Court recognizes, the
only "action" the Act's substantive provisions call on EPA to
take is to grant or deny an individual hardship petition -- 
and that is a locally applicable action, not a national one.
Ibid.
As I see it, this same insight defeats EPA's suggestion
that its actions were "based on a determination of nation-
wide scope or effect." (1). As a matter of adminis-
trative convenience, the agency may choose to address a
number of petitions collectively rather than separately.
And the agency of course may (and, to avoid acting arbitrar-
ily and capriciously, generally must) apply consistent rea-
soning to like petitions. But the Act's venue provision does
not route cases to one circuit or another based on how EPA
packages them or the quality or nature of its reasoning. In-
stead, the Act's venue provision asks whether the agency
based its action on a determination of nationwide scope or
effect. And, as the Act's substantive provisions make clear,
EPA does no such thing when it passes on an individual
small refinery's hardship petition.
II
Turn now to how the Court resolves this case. As we have
seen, the Court first holds that EPA's decision whether to
grant or deny an individual small refinery's hardship peti-
tion is a locally or regionally applicable "action." See Part
II, ante. Accordingly, the Court starts with the (correct)
presumption that the suit before us belongs in a regional
circuit. Ibid. But then, the Court reverses course. While
EPA's challenged actions are local or regional ones, the
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

Court concludes, this case belongs in the D. C. Circuit be-
cause the agency's actions were "based on a determination
of nationwide scope or effect." See Part III, ante. That por-
tion of the Court's opinion strikes me as both mistaken and
likely to cause confusion about where Clean Air Act dis-
putes should be heard.
To understand why, consider how the Court proceeds.
Pursuing what it calls an "ordinary-meaning" approach, the
Court observes that the word "determination" often refers
to the " 'settling and ending of a controversy.' " Ante, at 14
). Extrapolating from that dictionary definition, the
Court reasons that "any EPA conclusion within the four cor-
ners of an action" qualifies as a "determination." Ante, at
18.
But, the Court continues, whether an action is " 'based
on' " a conclusion of nationwide scope or effect depends on a
"degree of causality." Ante, at 14. Nor will just any degree
of causality do. Proving that some nationwide conclusion
(or now, the Court adds, "justification" or "reasoning") is the
"but-for" cause of the agency's action will not suffice. Ante,
at 14 -- 15. Instead, EPA must establish that some nation-
wide conclusion (or justification or reasoning) qualifies as
the "gravamen" or "core" or "driver" of its action. Ante, at
15. And when EPA's
actions rely "in significant part on... 'intensely factual'
considerations" or when "the key driver of EPA's action is
otherwise debatable," that standard will not be satisfied.
Ibid.
Applying all those ideas to this case, the Court holds that
all of EPA's challenged actions were based on a determina-
tion of nationwide scope or effect. That is so, the Court says,
because EPA's actions (its decisions to deny the small refin-
eries' petitions) rested at their "core" on a common (or "na-
tionwide") understanding of the statutory phrase " 'dispro-
portionate economic hardship' " and a common (or
10 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

"nationwide") economic model. Ante, at 17 (9)(B)(i)). To be sure, the Court acknowledges, the
agency also undertook a "review of refinery-specific facts."
Ante, at 18. But on the Court's account, those "refinery-
specific facts" mattered less to the outcomes here than
EPA's statutory interpretation and its economic model.
Ibid.
I find that chain of reasoning unpersuasive for a few rea-
sons. For one thing, it seems to me pretty far afield from
the statutory text. As we have seen, the Clean Air Act's
venue provision speaks of actions and determinations, and
the Act's substantive provisions do too. And when a sub-
stantive provision calls for either a nationally applicable
"action" or a "determination" of nationwide scope or effect,
it says so. To decide where a case belongs, then, no special
judicially devised test is required. Instead, lawyers and
judges need only open the statute books, find the relevant
substantive provision, and follow its lead. As we have seen,
the Court takes just this approach when addressing the
meaning of the term "action" in the Act's venue provision.
There, it concludes EPA took no nationally applicable "ac-
tion" because the Act's substantive provisions "pe[g]" an ac-
tion to a decision to grant or deny an individual hardship
petition. Ante, at 10; see Part I -- B, supra. On my view, we
should employ that same statute-driven approach to the
meaning of "a determination of nationwide scope or effect."
For another thing, the Court's test conflates a determina-
tion with the reasons that inform it. Statutes often "distin-
guis[h] between 'considerations' that inform [a] 'determina-
tion,' and the 'determination' itself." Commissioner v. Zuch,
605 U. S. ___, ___ (2025) (alteration omitted).
The Clean Air Act is no different. It authorizes EPA to take
certain actions (like waiving renewable fuel mandates or
disapproving a single Governor's suspension of a SIP com-
ponent). The Act authorizes those actions if certain deter-
minations are made (like a determination that enforcing
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

the renewable fuel mandates would severely harm the na-
tional economy or a determination that a Governor's partial
SIP suspension doesn't satisfy certain criteria). And to sup-
port its determinations, the agency may offer any number
of reasons. To avoid accusations of arbitrary and capricious
decisionmaking, too, the agency will usually employ con-
sistent reasoning in like cases. See, e.g., Encino Motorcars,
LLC v. Navarro, (2016). But none of that
means we should conflate the determinations EPA must
make under the Act with the reasons the agency offers to
support them.
For another thing still, I worry that the Court's test will
prove tough for lower courts and lawyers to apply in prac-
tice. Having conflated a "determination" with the agency's
underlying reasoning, the Court must find some way to go
about sorting and weighing all the reasons EPA may ad-
vance. But just consider what its approach entails. First,
lawyers and judges must consult the full scope of the
agency's reasoning (in this case, reasoning that runs over
280 pages). See App. to Pet. for Cert. 44a -- 330a. Next, law-
yers and judges must "parse" out which aspects of that rea-
soning are particular to a locality or region and which are
national in scope or effect. Ante, at 16. Finally, lawyers
and judges must weigh those two sets of reasons against
each other and decide which set was the true "driver" of the
agency's decision and which was more "peripheral" to it.
Ante, at 18.
" '[L]itigation over whether the case is in the right court
is essentially a waste of time and resources.' " Navarro Sav-
ings Assn. v. Lee, (1980). When it
comes to the simple preliminary question where a case
should be filed, the rules of the road should be "clear and
easy to apply." Hamer v. Neighborhood Housing Servs. of
Chicago, (2017); see Hertz Corp. v. Friend,
-- 95 (2010). The test the Court announces
today can claim neither of those virtues. For the lawyers
12 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

and judges tasked with applying it, I can only wish them
luck.
III
To get a sense of the challenges the Court's test poses for
future litigants and lower courts, compare this case to its
companion. See Oklahoma v. EPA, 605 U. S. ___ (2025).
As we have seen, that dispute involves SIPs, plans States
must submit to EPA outlining how they intend to comply
with national air quality standards. See Part I -- A, supra;. Among other things, a State's SIP must address the
Act's "Good Neighbor Provision." Ohio v. EPA, -- 284 (2024). Because "air currents can carry pol-
lution across state borders," id., at 283, that provision re-
quires each SIP to contain "adequate" measures to prevent
in-state "emissions activity" from interfering with other
States' ability to satisfy federal air quality standards,
(2)(D). In a single rule, EPA rejected 21 SIPs -- in-
cluding Utah's and Oklahoma's -- because, in the agency's
view, none satisfied the Act's Good Neighbor provision. Ok-
lahoma, 605 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 4) ). Now, Oklahoma, Utah, and certain
industry groups seek to challenge EPA's actions in court,
and they argue that their litigation belongs in a regional
circuit. Oklahoma, 605 U. S., at ___.
EPA responds that the SIPs case is, in every way that
matters, like the small refineries' case and thus belongs in
the D. C. Circuit too. After all, the agency points out, it em-
ployed a common statutory interpretation and a common
methodology to assess each State's proposed SIP -- just as it
did when considering the small refineries' petitions. If the
one case belongs in the D. C. Circuit, EPA argues, so must
the other. See Brief for Federal Respondents in No. 23 -- 
1067 etc., pp. 30, 34 -- 36; Tr. of Oral Arg. in Oklahoma v.
EPA, O. T. 2024, No. 23 -- 1067 etc., pp. 39, 47.
Along those lines, EPA observes that, in assessing each
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

SIP, it asked whether the state plan before it would contrib-
ute more than "1% of the permissible ozone level to a down-
wind State." Oklahoma, 605 U. S., at ___ ;
Brief for Federal Respondents in No. 23 -- 1067 etc., at 9, 35.
In practice, EPA argues, that 1% threshold proved critical.
SIPs that "fell under the 1 percent de minimis threshold"
were "approved on [that] ground." Tr. of Oral Arg. in No.
23 -- 1067 etc., at 38 -- 39. Meanwhile, all (or nearly all) the
SIPs that exceeded the 1% threshold -- including Okla-
homa's and Utah's -- were rejected. See Brief for Federal
Respondents in No. 23 -- 1067 etc., at 7; Brief for State of
New York et al. as Amici Curiae in No. 23 -- 1067 etc., pp.
24 -- 25,. Accordingly, the agency argues, even if it took
a local or regional "action" with respect to each SIP, nation-
wide determinations proved "essential to EPA's reasoning
in disapproving the state plans." Brief for Federal Respond-
ents in No. 23 -- 1067 etc., at 37.
The Court disagrees. As it must under the test it an-
nounces, the Court begins by consulting all the various rea-
sons EPA offered (some 60-plus pages of them appear in the
Federal Register). Oklahoma, 605 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 13).2 In doing so, the Court acknowledges that
EPA used a common (or nationwide) statutory interpreta-
tion and a common (or nationwide) methodology when as-
sessing all of the SIPs. See id., at ___. The
Court recognizes, too, that the 1% threshold played a sig-
nificant role in separating the SIPs EPA approved from
those it rejected. See id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 13).
Still, when it comes to weighing the role that EPA's com-
mon (or nationwide) justifications played, the Court con-
cludes, they were not the "primary drivers" of the agency's
challenged actions. Id., at ___. Instead,

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 See 88 Fed. Reg. 9336 (omnibus rule); 87 Fed. Reg. 31470 (2022) (Air

Plan Disapproval; Utah); id., at 9798 (Air Plan Disapproval; Arkansas,
Louisiana, Oklahoma, and Texas).
14 EPA v. CALUMET SHREVEPORT REFINING, L.L.C.

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

"factual determinations particular to the State at issue"
predominated. Id., at ___ (internal quota-
tion marks omitted). Relying on that assessment, the Court
holds that Oklahoma's and Utah's lawsuit challenging
EPA's rejection of their SIPs belongs in a regional circuit.
Id., at ___.
Maybe that's right. But I can certainly imagine arriving
at the opposite outcome under the Court's test. After all,
EPA used a common statutory interpretation and a com-
mon methodology when assessing all of the SIPs, proceed-
ing much as it did when evaluating the small refineries'
hardship petitions. In both cases, too, the agency factored
in certain local considerations, like individual "Stat[e] cir-
cumstances" in the SIPs case, id., at ___, and
individualized "data and information" in the small refiner-
ies' case, App. to Pet. for Cert. 94a -- 95a. Of course, the
Court thinks EPA leaned more heavily on individualized
reasons in the SIPs case, and more heavily on common ones
in the small refineries' case. Oklahoma, 605 U. S., at ___. But without any objective standard for
weighing which predominates, there seems to me ample
room for good-faith disagreement between litigants and
among lower courts. And it is just that kind of ambiguity
that promises protracted and expensive venue litigation go-
ing forward.
To avoid that problem, I would resolve the SIPs case the
same way I would resolve the small refineries' case: by
looking to the Act itself. Section 7410(k)(3) requires EPA to
approve or disapprove SIPs and, in passing on them, to as-
sess whether each individual State has or has not complied
with its obligations under federal law. See id., at ___. Nowhere does that substantive provision call for
a nationally applicable action or task EPA with making a
determination of nationwide scope or effect. And no more
is needed to know that, under the Act's venue provision, the
SIPs dispute before us belongs in a regional circuit. Id., at
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

GORSUCH, J., dissenting

___ (GORSUCH, J., concurring in judgment).
*
At the end of the day, venue rules are like traffic laws.
They simply tell litigants where to go, and they should be
easy to follow. As I read it, the Clean Air Act provides a
clear rule for cases like this one. Applying that rule here, I
would direct the parties to the appropriate regional circuit.
The Court doing otherwise, I respectfully dissent.

============================================================

JUSTICE THOMAS delivered the opinion of the Court.
Petitioners seek judicial review of the Environmental
Protection Agency's (EPA's) disapprovals of two state
emissions-control plans. These cases require us to decide
the proper venue for their challenges. The Clean Air Act
(CAA) channels these challenges to the U. S. Court of Ap-
peals for the D. C. Circuit if EPA's disapprovals are "nation-
ally applicable," and to a regional Circuit if they are "locally
or regionally applicable." 42 U. S. C. (1). But, the
CAA contains an exception for certain "locally or regionally
applicable" actions "based on a determination of nationwide
scope or effect," which also must be brought in the D. C. Cir-
cuit. Ibid. Applying the interpretation of (1) that
we outlined today in EPA v. Calumet Shreveport Refining,
L.L.C., 605 U. S. ___ (2025), we hold that EPA's disapprov-
als are locally or regionally applicable actions reviewable in
a regional Circuit.
2 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

I
A
The CAA's venue provision, (1), dictates where
petitioners should challenge EPA actions taken under that
statute. This provision enumerates certain "nationally ap-
plicable" actions that must be brought in the D. C. Circuit,
and certain "locally or regionally applicable" actions that
must be brought in a regional Circuit. (1). It then
provides catchall clauses requiring the same treatment of
all other "nationally applicable" and "locally or regionally
applicable" actions. Ibid. But, (1) includes one ex-
ception to its default rule for locally or regionally applicable
actions: A challenge to such an action belongs in the D. C.
Circuit if (1) it "is based on a determination of nationwide
scope or effect," and (2) "in taking such action [EPA] finds
and publishes that such action is based on such a determi-
nation." Ibid.
In Calumet, we explained that determining venue under
(1) requires a two-step inquiry. 605 U. S., at ___ -- 
___ ( -- 7). At the first step, we identify the rele-
vant EPA "action" and ask whether it is "nationally appli-
cable" or only "locally or regionally applicable." (1).
If the action is "nationally applicable," then any challenge
to it belongs in the D. C. Circuit. Ibid. But, if the action is
"locally or regionally applicable," then we proceed to the
second step, where we ask whether the "nationwide scope
or effect" exception applies to override (1)'s default
rule that "locally or regionally applicable" actions are re-
viewable only in the regional Circuits. Ibid. If the excep-
tion applies, then any challenge to the action must be
brought in the D. C. Circuit. Ibid.
B
These cases arise from EPA's review of "State implemen-
tation plans" (SIPs) -- i.e., state proposals for how to comply
with an EPA "national primary or secondary ambient air
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

quality standard" (NAAQS). See. The CAA makes
the SIP process one of federal-state collaboration. EPA first
sets a NAAQS, which "represents 'the maximum airborne
concentration of [a] pollutant that the public health can tol-
erate.' " West Virginia v. EPA, (2022);
see. But, States bear "primary responsibility" for
deciding how a NAAQS should be attained. (3).
States must propose SIPs that "provid[e] for [the] imple-
mentation, maintenance, and enforcement" of a NAAQS
within their jurisdictions. (1). EPA then approves
or disapproves each SIP based on whether it meets the "ap-
plicable requirements" of the CAA. (3). If EPA dis-
approves a SIP, then EPA must issue a "[f]ederal imple-
mentation plan" for that State within two years.
(1). A State can avoid this outcome only if it "cor-
rects the deficiency" and gains EPA approval for its revised
SIP before EPA promulgates the federal plan. Ibid.
In 2015, EPA triggered the SIP process by revising the
NAAQS for ozone to be more stringent. 80 Fed. Reg. 65294.
Each State in turn submitted a SIP, which, as relevant
here, detailed how the submitting State would comply with
the CAA's "Good Neighbor" provision, (2)(D)(i)(I).
That provision accounts for the "externality" that
"[b]ecause air currents can carry pollution across state bor-
ders, emissions in upwind States sometimes affect air qual-
ity in downwind States." Ohio v. Environmental Protection
Agency, -- 284 (2024). In particular, the
provision requires SIPs to "contain adequate provisions...
prohibiting" in-state "emissions activity" that would inter-
fere with other States' NAAQS compliance.
(2)(D)(i)(I).
EPA ultimately disapproved 21 States' SIPs for failure to
comply with the "Good Neighbor" provision. 88 Fed. Reg.
9336 (2023). These States had all asserted in their SIPs
that they did not need to propose new emissions-reduction
4 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

measures in light of the new NAAQS. But, after consider-
ing "the contents of each individual state's submission...
on their own merits" and making an individual determina-
tion with respect to each SIP, EPA disagreed. Id., at 9354.
After making its individual determinations, EPA aggre-
gated its disapprovals into one omnibus Federal Register
rule. Id., at 9337 -- 9338. The rule began by describing
EPA's "4-step framework" for evaluating SIP submissions,
although EPA noted that it had also permitted States to
"presen[t] alternative approaches." Id., at 9338.1 EPA then
provided for each State a "brief, high level overview" of its
"evaluation and key bases for disapproval," while directing
readers to the "relevant Federal Register notifications of
proposed disapproval for each state" and certain other doc-
uments for the "full basis for the EPA's disapprovals." Id.,
at 9354 (boldface deleted).
In its rule, EPA also asserted that its disapprovals would
be reviewable only in the D. C. Circuit. According to EPA,
the rule was a nationally applicable action under
(1). Id., at 9380. Alternatively, EPA made a find-
ing that, if the rule was only locally or regionally applicable,
then it fell within the " 'nationwide scope or effect' " excep-
tion. EPA identified as qualifying determinations of nation-
wide scope or effect its use of "the same, nationally con-
sistent 4-step... framework," as well as its evaluation of
States' alternative approaches "with an eye to ensuring na-
tional consistency and avoiding inconsistent or inequitable
results." Id., at 9380 -- 9381.
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 Under EPA's four-step framework, the agency (1) identifies monitor-

ing sites that will likely have difficulty meeting the NAAQS; (2) identi-
fies upwind States that "impact those air quality problems... suffi-
ciently such that the states are considered 'linked' and therefore warrant
further review and analysis"; (3) "identif[ies] the emissions reductions
necessary (if any),... to eliminate each linked upwind state's significant
contribution" to excess ozone at the downwind monitoring sites; and
(4) "adopt[s] permanent and enforceable measures needed to achieve
those emissions reductions." 88 Fed. Reg. 9338.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

Disregarding EPA's conclusions, States and energy-industry
petitioners challenged EPA's SIP disapprovals in the re-
gional Circuits. EPA moved to dismiss these challenges or
to transfer them to the D. C. Circuit, but its efforts have
been largely unsuccessful. Of the five Circuits to resolve
EPA's motions, four have found that regional Circuit review
is proper.2
Only the Tenth Circuit disagreed, granting EPA's motion
to transfer suits brought by the States of Oklahoma and
Utah and by industry petitioners (collectively, petitioners).
93 F. 4th 1262, 1264 (2024). In its view, EPA's omnibus
rule disapproving the 21 SIPs constituted a single, nation-
ally applicable action. Id., at 1266. Rejecting petitioners'
contention that each individual SIP disapproval constitutes
its own "action," the Tenth Circuit concluded that the rele-
vant "action" is simply whatever EPA has "chosen to issue."
Id., at 1267. Thus, because EPA had grouped its disapprov-
als into a single rule, that rule constituted the "action" at
hand. See id., at 1266 -- 1267. And, the Tenth Circuit con-
cluded, this action was nationally applicable given both its
geographical breadth and the nature of its analysis: EPA's
rule covered "21 states across the country" and reflected
EPA's "appli[cation of] a uniform statutory interpretation
and common analytical methods." Id., at 1266. The Tenth
Circuit accordingly transferred petitioners' challenges to
the D. C. Circuit. Id., at 1264. We granted certiorari to
review that transfer decision. 604 U. S. ___ (2024).
II
Applying our Calumet framework, we begin with the first
step of the (1) inquiry. As explained, at this step,
we must identify the relevant EPA "action" and then decide
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
2 See West Virginia v. EPA, 90 F. 4th 323, 325 (CA4 2024); Texas v.

EPA, 132 F. 4th 808, 830 (CA5 2025); Kentucky v. EPA, 123 F. 4th 447,
452 (CA6 2024); Order in Arkansas v. EPA, No. 23 -- 1320, ECF Doc.
5269098 (CA8, Apr. 25, 2023).
6 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

whether it is nationally applicable or only locally or region-
ally applicable. 605 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 9). We
conclude that the EPA "action" in these cases is not EPA's
omnibus rule, but rather its individual denials of the Okla-
homa and Utah SIPs. Clearly, these denials are locally or
regionally applicable.
A
As we recognized in Calumet, "[b]ecause (1) pegs
venue to the scope of the EPA action being challenged, our
threshold task is to identify the 'action' at issue." Id., at ___. Only when we understand the relevant "ac-
tion" can we decide whether it is nationally applicable or
locally or regionally applicable -- that is, whether it facially
applies "throughout the entire country, or only to particular
localities or regions." Id., at ___. Here, as in
Calumet, our resolution of the threshold question effec-
tively resolves the proper classification.3
An "action" under (1) is a "particular exercis[e] of
EPA authority undertaken pursuant to [a] particular CAA
provisio[n]." Id., at ___. We thus determine
the relevant "action" by reference to the CAA provision un-
der which EPA has acted. This focus on the operative CAA
provision means that the relevant "action" will not neces-
sarily track how EPA has presented its decision. For exam-
ple, in Calumet, we held that, whenever EPA denies a small
refinery's petition for an exemption from the CAA's renew-
able fuel program, each individual exemption denial consti-
tutes its own "action" because (9)(B) defines EPA's
role -- " 'evaluating a petition' " and " 'act[ing] on' " it -- on a
petition-specific basis. Id., at ___ (alteration
-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 As in Calumet, we need not decide the precise line between a "nation-

ally applicable" and a "locally or regionally applicable" action under
(1). That question may raise difficult questions in edge cases
given the binary nature of these categories. See 605 U. S., at ___ -- ___,
( -- 10, ).
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

omitted). That statutory denomination controls even if
EPA chooses to resolve multiple petitions in one fell swoop,
as it did in Calumet. Id., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 11).
Here too, we conclude that each EPA SIP disapproval
constitutes its own "action." We therefore reject EPA's con-
tention, adopted by the Tenth Circuit, that EPA's omnibus
rule should be treated as a single "action." Instead, we have
before us two distinct "actions" -- EPA's respective disap-
provals of the Oklahoma and Utah SIPs.
Section 7607(b)(1) simplifies our analysis of this issue.
The CAA enumerates an individual SIP approval as an ex-
ample of a locally or regionally applicable action, unlike in
Calumet, where we dealt with an EPA decision that did not
fall within any of (1)'s enumerated actions. Section
7607(b)(1) provides:
"A petition for review of the Administrator's action in
approving or promulgating any implementation plan
under section 7410 of this title..., [other enumerated
examples],... or any other final action of the Adminis-
trator under this chapter (including any denial or dis-
approval by the Administrator under subchapter I)
which is locally or regionally applicable may be filed
only in the United States Court of Appeals for the ap-
propriate circuit."
A SIP is an "implementation plan under section 7410,"
and (1) -- in referring expressly to EPA's "action in
approving... any implementation plan" under that provi-
sion -- makes clear that each EPA SIP approval is its own
action.
It follows that each EPA SIP disapproval is also its own
action. EPA undertakes SIP disapprovals pursuant to the
same CAA authority underlying its SIP approvals. Namely,
directs "[e]ach State" to "adopt and submit [to EPA]... a plan" for NAAQS implementation, and in turn directs
EPA to either "approve such submittal" or "disapprove" it.
8 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

(1), (k). Thus, EPA's approvals and disapprovals
are opposite sides of the same coin. As 's SIP-specific
focus makes clear, and (1)'s enumeration confirms,
the CAA treats both individual SIP approvals and individ-
ual SIP disapprovals as discrete actions. Thus, we have be-
fore us two EPA actions -- EPA's disapprovals of the Okla-
homa and Utah SIPs.
These two disapprovals are undisputedly locally or re-
gionally applicable actions. A SIP is a state-specific plan,
so an EPA disapproval on its face applies only to the State
that proposed the SIP. And, the CAA recognizes this lim-
ited scope in enumerating a SIP approval as a locally or re-
gionally applicable action. (1). If anything, EPA's
decision on an individual SIP "is the prototypical 'locally or
regionally applicable' action," as courts have recognized and
even EPA acknowledges. American Road & Transp. Build-
ers Assn. v. EPA, 705 F. 3d 453, 455 (CADC 2013) (majority
opinion of Kavanaugh, J.); see Brief for Respondents 25.4
B
EPA's and the Tenth Circuit's contrary arguments do not
survive scrutiny. EPA largely reprises the arguments it
made in Calumet, and we reject those arguments for the
reasons explained there. 605 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 12). In short, (1) "makes the CAA's framing of
the relevant 'action' controlling, regardless of how EPA
chooses to package its decisions in the Federal Register."
Id., at ___. Thus, although EPA was free to

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 We leave for another day the meaning of the parenthetical in

(1), which specifies that "any other final action... (including
any denial or disapproval by the Administrator under subchapter I)
which is locally or regionally applicable" is subject to the default of re-
gional Circuit review. Because we hold that EPA's SIP disapprovals are
locally or regionally applicable in any event, we need not consider peti-
tioners' argument that this parenthetical makes all denials or disapprov-
als under subchapter I of the CAA locally or regionally applicable actions.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

aggregate its SIP disapprovals into one rule, that aggrega-
tion has no significance for venue purposes.
The Tenth Circuit's endorsement of EPA's position is
equally unpersuasive. On its view, we must accept EPA's
framing of the relevant "action" because EPA's "action" is
just whatever it has "chosen to issue." 93 F. 4th, at 1267.
But, that reasoning fails to grapple with what (1)
means by that word. In context, (1) defines the rel-
evant "action" by reference to the underlying CAA provi-
sion, not EPA's stylization. Calumet, 605 U. S., at ___ ; supra, at 6 -- 7.
Nor can the Tenth Circuit deem EPA's actions nationally
applicable based on EPA's use of a "uniform statutory inter-
pretation and common analytical methods." 93 F. 4th, at
1266. The "applicability" of an action turns on its formal
geographical scope: An action "applies" nationally only if,
on its face, it has binding effect throughout the country.
Calumet, 605 U. S., at ___. In contrast, EPA's
interpretive and analytical methodology goes to its under-
lying reasoning. That component matters only at the sec-
ond (1) step, where one prerequisite for D. C. Cir-
cuit review is that a locally or regionally applicable action
nonetheless be "based on a determination of nationwide
scope or effect." We would make a hash of the CAA's venue
framework if we looked to the basis for EPA's actions at the
first step too.
III
Because EPA's SIP disapprovals are only locally or re-
gionally applicable, we move to the second step of the
(1) inquiry. At this step, "we ask whether the 'na-
tionwide scope or effect' exception applies to override the
default of regional Circuit review for locally or regionally
applicable actions." Id., at ___. We hold that
it does not: The exception does not apply here, so these
cases properly belong in a regional Circuit.
10 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

Our analysis turns on the first of the "nationwide scope
or effect" exception's two requirements. That exception ap-
plies only if the action at issue (1) "is based on a determina-
tion of nationwide scope or effect," and (2) "in taking such
action [EPA] finds and publishes that such action is based
on such a determination." (1). Here, the second
requirement is plainly satisfied: EPA included in its Fed-
eral Register notice an express finding that its SIP disap-
provals were "based on a determination of 'nationwide
scope or effect.' " 88 Fed. Reg. 9380. Thus, our task is to
decide whether that finding was correct.
We hold that EPA's SIP disapprovals were not based on
any determination of nationwide scope or effect. As we ex-
plained in Calumet, this requirement is met only if "a justi-
fication of nationwide breadth is the primary explanation
for and driver of EPA's action." 605 U. S., at ___. But, such a justification "does not rise to this level
if EPA also relied in significant part on other, 'intensely fac-
tual' considerations, or if the key driver of EPA's action is
otherwise debatable." Ibid. EPA's disapprovals of the Ok-
lahoma and Utah SIPs fall into the latter category.
EPA's omnibus rule makes clear that its SIP disapprovals
were based on "a number of intensely factual determina-
tions" particular to the State at issue. Texas v. EPA, 829
F. 3d 405, 421 (CA5 2016). As EPA explained, it evaluated
the contents of each SIP "on their own merits," "con-
sider[ing] the facts and information... available to the
state at the time of its submission," as well as more recent
information regarding that State's circumstances. 88 Fed.
Reg. 9354. From this state-specific analysis, EPA produced
for each State a list of "bases for disapproval," ibid., with
each list "giving a unique mixture of reasons," West Virginia
v. EPA, 90 F. 4th 323, 330 (CA4 2024). For example, as to
Oklahoma, EPA rejected its attempt to disclaim responsi-
bility for certain emissions in Texas, while also faulting it
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

for providing an "insufficient evaluation of additional emis-
sions control opportunities." 88 Fed. Reg. 9359. And, as to
Utah, EPA found that the State had inadequately justified
its attempt to discount certain emissions in Colorado, while
also "find[ing] technical and legal flaws in the State's argu-
ments" regarding various emissions considerations. Id., at
9360. Based on these and other reasons, EPA concluded
that each State had failed to submit a SIP with "the neces-
sary provisions to eliminate emissions" consistent with that
State's Good Neighbor obligations. 87 Fed. Reg. 9824,
31843 (2022).
This state-specific analysis contrasts sharply with EPA's
justifications in Calumet, where we found the "nationwide
scope or effect" exception triggered. There, EPA made two
determinations that applied uniformly to all small refiner-
ies across the country, which it used to reach a presumptive
conclusion as to how the exemption petitions before it
should be resolved. 605 U. S., at ___ -- ___ ( -- 
18). EPA considered refinery-specific facts only to "confirm
that it had no reason to depart from its presumptive dispo-
sition." Id., at ___. In that circumstance,
we explained, EPA's national determinations constituted
"the most important parts of its reasoning" and "the pri-
mary driver of its decision." Ibid.
Here, in contrast, no nationwide factor all but settles
EPA's ultimate decisions. Instead, EPA disapproved Okla-
homa's and Utah's SIPs after conducting predominantly
fact-intensive, state-specific analysis.
The determinations that EPA proffers as the basis of its
disapprovals only reinforce this conclusion. Before this
Court, EPA points to four determinations: (1) its use of "up-
dated, 2016-based modeling as the 'primary' basis for its
'assessment of air quality conditions and pollution contri-
bution' "; (2) its application of "a 1% contribution threshold
across all States to assess whether a State contributed more
than a de minimis amount of ozone pollution downwind";
12 OKLAHOMA v. EPA

Opinion of the Court

(3) its "determin[ation] that the relative contributions of
other States or countries could not excuse a State from an-
alyzing whether its own emissions 'significantly' contribute
to downwind nonattainment"; and (4) its position that an
upwind "State cannot rely on emission-reduction measures
that are not actually incorporated into its state plan." Brief
for Respondents 34 -- 35. We agree with EPA that these con-
clusions qualify as determinations of nationwide scope or
effect, in that they are conclusions that apply nationwide,
either formally or as a practical matter given EPA's rejec-
tion of alternative approaches. But, these conclusions are
at most heuristics that aided EPA's analysis, as opposed to
the primary drivers of its disapprovals. None of these de-
terminations, either alone or in combination, makes clear
why EPA concluded that Oklahoma and Utah had produced
inadequate proposals for compliance with their Good
Neighbor obligations.5
Take, for example, EPA's use of the 1% contribution
threshold. This threshold -- which is triggered whenever an
upwind State contributes at least 1% of the permissible
ozone level to a downwind State -- refers to EPA's measure
of when an upwind State becomes " 'linked' to a downwind
air quality problem," so as to implicate potential Good
Neighbor obligations. 88 Fed. Reg. 9342; see supra, at 4,. EPA used this threshold only for "screening" purposes:
Where the threshold was triggered, EPA would "further
evaluate" the upwind State's emissions, to assess whether
those emissions require ameliorative steps under the CAA.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 The determinations that EPA invokes before this Court differ from

the ones that it cited in its original finding, where it focused primarily
on its use of a "consistent 4-step... framework" to analyze the SIPs. 88
Fed. Reg. 9380 -- 9381; supra, at 4. Because we find the determinations
EPA currently invokes to be inadequate, we need not decide whether
EPA's shift in position raises a preservation problem. See EPA v. Calu-
met Shreveport Refining, L.L.C., 605 U. S. ___, ___, (2025) (, ).
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

88 Fed. Reg. 9342, 9371. But, this kind of analytical guide-
post cannot be deemed the primary driver of EPA's ultimate
conclusion that Oklahoma's and Utah's SIPs were deficient.
As EPA does not dispute, even after it made its threshold
determination, "there was still a lot of work to be done" be-
fore EPA could issue its disapprovals. Tr. of Oral Arg. 38.
In that circumstance, we cannot say that the "nationwide
scope or effect" exception applies.6
* * *
The Tenth Circuit erred in holding that petitioners' chal-
lenges should be reviewed in the D. C. Circuit. EPA's dis-
approvals of the Oklahoma and Utah SIPs are locally or re-
gionally applicable actions. And, these cases are not ones
where the "nationwide scope or effect" exception applies.
Accordingly, as with most locally or regionally applicable
actions, petitioners' challenges can be heard only in a re-
gional Circuit. The judgment of the Court of Appeals is re-
versed, and the cases are remanded for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.

JUSTICE ALITO took no part in the consideration or deci-
sion of these cases.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
6 EPA's case for the exception's applicability rests on arguments that

we rejected in Calumet. Most notably, we rejected EPA's position that
its action is "based on" a qualifying determination so long as that deter-
mination supplies a but-for cause. See id., at ___. We
need not revisit here the problems with EPA's premise.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 1

GORSUCH, J., concurring in judgment

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
_________________

Nos. 23 -- 1067 and 23 -- 1068
_________________

OKLAHOMA, ET AL., PETITIONERS
23 -- 1067 v.
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY

PACIFICORP, ET AL., PETITIONERS
23 -- 1068 v.
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY
ON WRITS OF CERTIORARI TO THE UNITED STATES COURT OF
APPEALS FOR THE TENTH CIRCUIT
[June 18, 2025]

JUSTICE GORSUCH, with whom THE CHIEF JUSTICE joins,
concurring in the judgment.
The Court holds that the proper venue for this litigation
lies in an appropriate regional circuit, not in the D. C. Cir-
cuit. I agree. As I explain in today's companion case, how-
ever, the Court and I arrive at that conclusion by different
paths. See EPA v. Calumet Shreveport Refining, L.L.C.,
605 U. S. ___, ___ -- ___ (2025) (GORSUCH, J., dissenting) ( -- 14). Accordingly, I am unable to join the Court's
opinion, but I am pleased to concur in its judgment.

============================================================

JUSTICE THOMAS delivered the opinion of the Court.
Title 31 U. S. C., known as the Barring Act, estab-
lishes a default settlement regime for certain claims
brought against the Government. The Barring Act subjects
most claims to a 6-year limitations period. (1).
But, the Act includes an exception: If "another law" confers
authority to settle a claim against the Government, then
that law displaces the Barring Act's settlement mecha-
nism -- including its limitations period -- as to that claim.. The question before us is whether a law providing
"[c]ombat-related special compensation" (CRSC) to qualify-
ing veterans confers authority to settle CRSC claims. 10
U. S. C.. We hold that it does, and thus that the
settlement procedures and limitations established under
the Barring Act do not apply to claims for CRSC payments.
I
A
The Barring Act establishes default procedures for how a
variety of "claims of or against the United States Govern-
ment shall be settled." 31 U. S. C..
2 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

The term "settle" in this context refers to determining the
amount of money a claimant is due. See Illinois Surety Co.
v. United States ex rel. Peeler, (1916).
This meaning of "settlement" flows from the well-
established principle that in the Government-claims con-
text, when the Government "determine[s]" that a claim is
"valid," the claim "should be paid in full." Office of Gen.
Counsel, GAO, Principles of Federal Appropriations Law
11 -- 6 (1982). Thus, the inquiries relevant to settling a claim
are straightforward: First, we ask whether the claim is
valid; and second, if it is, we ask how much the Government
owes.
The Barring Act authorizes certain entities to settle cer-
tain types of claims. See (1) -- (4). Relevant here,
the Act provides that the Secretary of Defense will settle
"claims involving uniformed service members' pay, allow-
ances, travel, transportation, payments for unused accrued
leave, retired pay, and survivor benefits." (1)(A).
Most claims covered under the Barring Act are subject to a
6-year limitations period. (1).
But, not all claims against the Government fall within
the Barring Act's ambit. While the Barring Act provides a
default framework for settling and processing claims
against the Government, it includes a significant exception:
If "another law" creates a separate settlement process, then
that process displaces the Act's settlement mechanism.
; see also (1)(A) (stating that the Act's 6-
year limitations period does not apply if "another law" pro-
vides otherwise).
B
In 2002, Congress enacted the CRSC statute, 10 U. S. C., to provide special payments to military retirees
who have suffered combat-related disabilities. See Bob
Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 3

Opinion of the Court

2003, 116 Stat. 2574 -- 2576. Under federal law, re-
tired veterans generally must waive a portion of their mili-
tary retirement pay in order to receive disability benefits
from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). 38 U. S. C.
-- 5305. But, under the CRSC statute, a retired vet-
eran who establishes that his disability is attributable to a
combat-related injury may receive special compensation up
to the amount of waived retired pay. CRSC payments were
initially limited to military retirees who, in addition to hav-
ing suffered a combat-related disability, had served for at
least 20 years. Congress later amended the statute to cover
all combat-disabled retirees who are eligible for retired pay,
effective January 1, 2008. National Defense Authorization
Act for Fiscal Year 2008, 122 Stat. 156.
The CRSC statute establishes a comprehensive frame-
work for CRSC claims, governing everything from a claim-
ant's initial application to the ultimate disbursal of pay-
ments. And, the statute confers upon "[t]he Secretary
concerned"1 authority to effect key determinations through-
out this process. At the beginning of the CRSC claims pro-
cess, the statute expressly requires the Secretary concerned
to "conside[r]" whether the applicant is "eligible" for CRSC
payments. 10 U. S. C..2 In other words, the Sec-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
1 "Secretary concerned" refers to the Secretary of the Army, Navy, Air

Force, or Homeland Security, depending on the military department
from which the CRSC applicant retired. 10 U. S. C. (9).
2 Subsection (d) further authorizes the Secretary of Defense to "pre-

scribe procedures and criteria under which a disabled uniformed services
retiree may apply" to the Secretary concerned.. The Secretary
of Defense has set forth those criteria in regulations and program guid-
ance. See 7B Dept. of Defense, DoD 7000.14 -- R, Financial Management
Regulation, ch. 63 (June 2024) (DoD FMR); see also App. 77 -- 107 (Jan.
2004 Guidance). Among other things, the guidance requires CRSC re-
cipients to be entitled to retired pay and to have a service-
connected disability that the VA rates as at least 10 percent disabling.
DoD FMR, at 63 -- 6 to 63 -- 9, 63 -- 19; App. 83 -- 87.
4 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

retary concerned must confirm that the applicant is "enti-
tled to retired pay" and "has a combat-related disability.". The statute defines a qualifying " 'combat-re-
lated disability' " as one that is either "attributable to an
injury for which the member was awarded the Purple
Heart," or that the claimant incurred in armed conflict, dur-
ing hazardous service or conditions simulating war, or
through an instrumentality of war.. Disabilities
that "are not combat-related" "will not be considered in de-
termining eligibility for CRSC or the amount of CRSC pay-
able." App. 89.
Section 1413a separately establishes how to determine
the monthly amount of CRSC payments to which an eligible
claimant is entitled. Subsection (b)(1) states that "the
monthly amount to be paid... for any month is the amount
of compensation to which the retiree is entitled under title
38 for that month, determined without regard to any disa-
bility of the retiree that is not a combat-related disability."
Subsection (b)(2) sets a cap on the amount a claimant may
receive. And, subsection (b)(3) provides specific rules to fol-
low in the case of retirees who are retired under a separate
chapter of Title 10.
The CRSC statute does not include a statute of limita-
tions or otherwise expressly limit the number of months for
which an applicant may obtain payment.
C
Corporal Simon Soto, petitioner here, served honorably
in the United States Marine Corps from 2000 to 2006. Dur-
ing the first of his two tours of duty in Operation Iraqi Free-
dom, Soto served in Mortuary Affairs. In that role, Soto
"was assigned to 'search for, recover, and process the re-
mains' of war casualties." App. 15. He struggled to adjust
to civilian life following deployment and eventually re-
ceived a diagnosis for post-traumatic stress disorder
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 5

Opinion of the Court

(PTSD), which his physicians attributed to his combat ex-
periences. Soto was medically retired from the Marine
Corps in 2006 and received numerous medals and commen-
dations for his service.
Soto later sought service-connected disability compensa-
tion from the VA. The VA ultimately assigned him a 100-
percent disability rating for his PTSD, representing "[t]otal
occupational and social impairment," 38 CFR.130 (2024),
and awarded Soto disability compensation in June 2009.
In June 2016, Soto submitted an application to the Navy
seeking CRSC payments based on his combat-related
PTSD. The Secretary of the Navy approved Soto for CRSC
benefits in October 2016 and authorized him to receive ret-
roactive compensation going back six years, to July 2010.
The reason that Soto was eligible for only six years' worth
of CRSC payments, the Government explained, was that
"CRSC is subject to the [Barring Act's] 6-year statute of lim-
itations." App. 37.
The following year, Soto filed a class-action lawsuit in the
United States District Court for the Southern District of
Texas. He asserted that the Barring Act's 6-year limita-
tions period does not apply to CRSC claims and that he was
therefore entitled to retroactive CRSC payments for the
months dating back to January 1, 2008 -- the effective date
of the statutory amendment that expanded CRSC eligibility
to include combat-disabled medical retirees who, like him,
had served for fewer than 20 years. See supra, at 3.
After certifying a nationwide class consisting of former
servicemembers " 'whose CRSC applications... were
granted, but whose amount of CRSC payment was limited
by [the Barring Act's] statute of limitations,' " the District
Court entered summary judgment for the class. See 2021
WL 7286022, *1 (SD Tex., Dec. 16, 2021). Because the
CRSC statute "defines eligibility for CRSC, helps explain
the amount of benefits and instructs the Secretary of De-
fense to prescribe procedures and criteria for individuals to
6 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

apply for CRSC," the court concluded that the statute con-
stitutes " 'another law' " that "provides its own settlement
mechanism," and so displaces the Barring Act's settlement
procedures. Id., at *2 -- *3.
The Federal Circuit reversed. "To confer settlement au-
thority and displace the Barring Act," the court reasoned,
"a statute must explicitly grant an agency or entity the au-
thority to settle claims." 92 F. 4th 1094, 1098 (2024). The
court determined that Congress typically confers settle-
ment authority "by use of the term 'settle' " or other "specific
language"; absent such language, a statute "cannot displace
the Barring Act, unless another statute provides a 'specific'
provision setting out the period of recovery." Id., at 1099.
The Federal Circuit thus concluded that the CRSC statute
"only establishes who may be eligible for CRSC payments,
not how claimants can have those claims settled," and thus
fails to confer settlement authority. Ibid.
Judge Reyna dissented. On his view, several of 's
provisions, including those that authorize the Secretary
concerned to determine CRSC eligibility and the proper
amount of payments, confirm that the statute establishes a
process that meets the common understanding of settle-
ment. Id., at 1102 -- 1103.
We granted certiorari to decide whether the CRSC stat-
ute provides a settlement mechanism that displaces the de-
fault procedures and limitations set forth in the Barring
Act. See 604 U. S. ___ (2025).3

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
3 The Federal Circuit held that CRSC payments are "claims" that in-

volve " 'retired pay,' " 92 F. 4th, at 1100, and thus that they fall within
the Barring Act's scope. We take these threshold determinations as
"[g]iven" for purposes of this opinion. See 604 U. S. ___ (2025) (granting
certiorari on a modified question presented).
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 7

Opinion of the Court

II
A
To decide whether the CRSC statute provides a settle-
ment mechanism that displaces the Barring Act, we first
address how this Court has construed "settlement" of
claims against the Government and what is required for a
statute to confer settlement authority.
As both parties recognize, this Court has made clear that
"[t]he word 'settlement' in connection with public transac-
tions and accounts has been used from the beginning to de-
scribe administrative determination of the amount due." Il-
linois Surety, 240 U. S., at 219; see Brief for Petitioner 22;
Brief for United States 24. As referenced above, agency
guidance reflects this established understanding of "settle-
ment." See supra, at 2. Simply put, the authority "to settle"
a claim against the United States is the power both to " 'de-
termine upon the validity of ' " the claim, and to "deter-
min[e]... the amount due" on it. Illinois Surety, 240 U. S.,
at 219 -- 220 (emphasis deleted).
A statute confers settlement authority so long as it vests
an entity with the power to determine both a claim's valid-
ity and amount due. Ibid. We have explained that, in the
context of waiving sovereign immunity, Congress need not
"state its intent in any particular way," or "use magic
words" to effectuate a waiver. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development Rural Housing Service v. Kirtz, -- 49 (2024).
That same principle applies here. While the most straight-
forward way to confer settlement authority may be to "use... the term 'settle,' " 92 F. 4th, at 1099, the presence of that
word -- or any other specific language -- is not necessary.
Accord, e.g., Hernandez v. Department of Air Force, 498
F. 3d 1328, 1330 -- 1331 (CA Fed. 2007) (holding that Uni-
formed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights
Act of 1994, 38 U. S. C. -- 4333, conferred settlement
8 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

authority despite referring neither to "settlement" nor
"claims"); Brief for United States 26 -- 28 (acknowledging
"other statutory formulations that do not use the word 'set-
tle' " but that nevertheless "have been found to confer set-
tlement authority"); Tr. of Oral Arg. 38 (same).
To decide whether a statute constitutes "another law"
that displaces the Barring Act's settlement procedures, 31
U. S. C., we therefore look to the text, context, and
structure of "the entire statutory scheme" at issue, Winkel-
man v. Parma City School Dist., (2007),
and analyze whether the law confers authority to both de-
termine a claim's validity and determine the amount due
on the claim. See Illinois Surety, 240 U. S., at 219 -- 220.
B
The CRSC statute meets these requirements. At the out-
set, the law confers upon "[t]he Secretary concerned" the
"[a]uthority" to pay each "eligible" claimant a "monthly
amount" that is "determined" under the terms of the stat-
ute. 10 U. S. C.. This grant of authority includes
the power to determine both the " 'validity' " of claims for
CRSC payments and the "amount due" on each claim. Illi-
nois Surety, 240 U. S., at 219 -- 220 (emphasis deleted).
Regarding validity, the CRSC statute provides that the
Secretary concerned shall "conside[r]" whether a CRSC ap-
plicant is an "eligible" "combat-related disabled uniformed
services retiree.". Determining an applicant's el-
igibility requires the Secretary concerned to assess whether
the applicant has followed the "procedures" and met the
"criteria" established by the Secretary of Defense. Ibid.; see
supra, at 3 -- 4; App. 83 -- 90, 92 -- 95 (administrative guidance
addressing CRSC criteria, applications, and bases for eligi-
bility determinations). Because the Secretary concerned
"shall pay" CRSC payments to "each eligible" veteran, in this context determining a claimant's eligibil-
ity is tantamount to determining the validity of his claim.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 9

Opinion of the Court

Thus, by charging the Secretary concerned to "conside[r]"
and evaluate each applicant's "eligib[ility],", the
CRSC statute's plain text authorizes the Secretary to " 'de-
termine upon the validity of ' " a claim for CRSC payments,
Illinois Surety, 240 U. S., at 220 (emphasis deleted).
The CRSC statute also confers to the Secretary concerned
authority to "administrative[ly] determin[e]... the amount
due" on an eligible veteran's claim. Id., at 219. Subsection
(a) instructs the Secretary to pay a specific "monthly
amount... determined under subsection (b)." Subsection
(b), in turn, details precisely how the Secretary will "[d]eter-
min[e]" the monthly payments contemplated under subsec-
tion (a), sets a "[m]aximum amount" for these payments,
and provides "[s]pecial rules" that apply to CRSC payments
for certain retirees. (1) -- (3).4
At bottom, establishes a self-contained, compre-
hensive compensation scheme for a narrowly defined group
of exceptionally deserving claimants. Taken as a whole, see
Winkelman, 550 U. S., at 523, the statute's unique combi-

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
4 To be sure, both subsections (a) and (b) refer to the monthly CRSC

payments being "determined," and, being in the passive voice, do not ex-
pressly state who will undertake that action. But, "context can confine
a passive-voice sentence to a likely set of actors," Bartenwerfer v. Buck-
ley, (2023), and here we do not think that Congress's use
of the passive voice leaves ambiguity as to who has authority to deter-
mine the amount due on CRSC claims. Again, the statute expressly au-
thorizes the Secretary concerned to determine a claim's validity at the
outset and to ultimately disburse payment. See, (d). Nothing
in the text suggests that any other person or Government entity inter-
poses between application and payment to "determin[e]" the amount due
on the claims.. Therefore, the most natural reading of subsec-
tion (b) is that it authorizes the same entity that validates and pays
claims to conduct the interim business of determining how much the
Government must pay. Accord, Brief for United States 37 (acknowledg-
ing that may be "best read to identify the 'Secretary concerned'
as the person who should make the relevant determinations" regarding
payment amount).
10 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

nation of characteristics authorizes the Secretary con-
cerned to determine both the validity of CRSC claims and
the amount due on them. The statute thus creates a sepa-
rate settlement mechanism -- i.e., "another law" -- that dis-
places the Barring Act's default settlement procedures, in-
cluding its limitations period. 31 U. S. C..
III
A
The Federal Circuit reached the opposite conclusion be-
low by imposing undue requirements on Congress's ability
to confer settlement authority and by disregarding the
CRSC statute's plain language.
The Federal Circuit reasoned that for a statute to provide
settlement authority, Congress must use "specific lan-
guage" that authorizes a Government entity to "settle a
claim -- which will typically be done by use of the term 'set-
tle.' " 92 F. 4th, at 1099. Absent such language, the court
continued, a statute may authorize settlement only if it
"provides a 'specific' provision setting out the period of re-
covery." Ibid.
We reject both premises. As this Court has repeatedly
explained, Congress "need not state its intent in any partic-
ular way," and "[w]e have never required that Congress use
magic words." FAA v. Cooper, (2012); see
also, e.g., Kirtz, 601 U. S., at 48. Thus, even if Congress
"typically" confers the authority to settle claims "by use of
the term 'settle,' " 92 F. 4th, at 1099, that standard practice
does not bind legislators to specific words or formulations.
It is enough that a statute authorizes an entity to determine
both the validity of a claim and the amount due on it. See
Illinois Surety, 240 U. S., at 219 -- 220.
Nor must a settlement mechanism always feature a
" 'specific' " limitations period to fit within the Barring Act's
"another law" exception. 92 F. 4th, at 1099. If a statute
establishes a settlement mechanism and thus constitutes
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 11

Opinion of the Court

"another law" under, then it nullifies all of the
Barring Act's procedures as to the alternative settlement
mechanism -- limitations period included. To be sure, Con-
gress's choice to authorize the settlement of claims may of-
ten coincide with a statute of limitations, and we would not
lightly assume that Congress wished to expose the Govern-
ment to unlimited liability. But where, as here, the statu-
tory scheme involves a small group of particularly deserv-
ing claimants, it is not extraordinary to think that Congress
wished to forgo a limitations period. A settlement mecha-
nism does not require a limitations period. Thus, so long as
a statute confers authority to determine the validity of a
claim and the amount due on it, the law displaces the Bar-
ring Act in its entirety irrespective of whether it separately
addresses timing.
Further, the CRSC statute clearly authorizes the Secre-
tary concerned to determine CRSC claimants' eligibility ac-
cording to specific criteria, and those criteria say nothing
about time limits. See 10 U. S. C., (c), (d). Un-
der these circumstances, the most reasonable inference is
that the process of " 'determin[ing] upon the validity' " of a
CRSC claim simply does not involve applying a defined pe-
riod of recovery. Illinois Surety, 240 U. S., at 220 (emphasis
deleted); see also Tr. of Oral Arg. 60 -- 61 (Government agree-
ing that Congress has created settlement processes that
displace the Barring Act but lack limitations periods).
The Federal Circuit's focus on the absence of specific
words and provisions led it to misinterpret the CRSC stat-
ute. On the Federal Circuit's view, because lacks
specific language and its own limitations period, it estab-
lishes only "who may be eligible for CRSC payments, not
how claimants can have those claims settled." 92 F. 4th, at
1099. But, that interpretation "is belied by the provisions
of the CRSC statute itself." Id., at 1104 (Reyna, J., dissent-
ing). The CRSC statute does not merely describe "who may
12 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

be eligible," id., at 1099 (majority opinion); it explicitly in-
structs potential claimants to apply to the Secretary con-
cerned, and vests the Secretary with the authority to deter-
mine those applicants' eligibility, see, (d). And,
contrary to the Federal Circuit's assertion, the statute es-
tablishes exactly "how" the claims will be settled, id., at
1099 -- again, by granting the Secretary "[a]uthority" to
"conside[r]" applicants' eligibility, and then prescribing how
the Secretary will "determin[e]" the amount due., (b), (d); see supra, at 3 -- 4.
B
The Government's arguments for affirmance are no more
persuasive. To start, the Government agrees that a statute
may authorize settlement without necessarily using the
word "settle," Brief for United States 26, 41 -- 42, yet, echoing
the Federal Circuit, insists that a statute still must feature
"hallmark formulations" to confer settlement authority, Tr.
of Oral Arg. 42. Such "hallmark formulations," the Govern-
ment tells us, include language that "speak[s] of claims be-
ing allowed or disallowed," "refer[s] to a finding being final
and conclusive," or designates "authority to sue or be sued."
Id., at 38, 65; see also Brief for United States 26 -- 28. But,
it is difficult to see how the Government's "hallmark formu-
lations" inquiry does not devolve into the same sort of
" 'magic words' " test that we have so often denounced.
Kirtz, 601 U. S., at 48 -- 49. As with the Federal Circuit's de-
mand for specific language and provisions, we reject the
Government's "formulations"-focused attempt to limit the
ways that Congress may convey settlement authority.
The Government similarly reprises the Federal Circuit's
assertion that the CRSC statute does not authorize settle-
ment because it lacks any "timing requirement," and fur-
ther insists that our reading "supplant[s]" the Barring Act's
limitations period "through [Congress's] silence." Brief for
United States 17, 30 -- 32. For the reasons we have already
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 13

Opinion of the Court

explained, we disagree with the proposition that a settle-
ment mechanism must include a limitations period to dis-
place the Barring Act. See supra, at 10. And, the Govern-
ment's assertion that our interpretation permits the CRSC
statute sub silentio to "supplant" the Barring Act misunder-
stands the CRSC statute. In enacting, Congress did
not displace the Barring Act's limitations period through
"silence"; Congress displaced the Barring Act's procedures
and limitations by authorizing the Secretary concerned to
determine the validity and amount due -- and thus to set-
tle -- CRSC claims. See, (b), (d); supra, at 8 -- 10.
The Government also resists the conclusion that 
confers authority to "determin[e] the amount 'due' " on a
claim for CRSC payments. Brief for United States 24. Ac-
cording to the Government, such a determination "involves
more than assessing whether the claim has merit or calcu-
lating what the claimant might be owed"; it "may also entail... auditing the relevant account, making adjustments for
any applicable debts or offsets, and effecting a final dispo-
sition." Ibid. Because the CRSC statute does not explicitly
assign this level of auditing and adjustment, the Govern-
ment suggests that it does not permit the Secretary con-
cerned to determine the amount due, and thus cannot es-
tablish a mechanism for settling CRSC claims.
This argument proves too much. The Barring Act indis-
putably confers settlement authority, yet it says nothing
about audits or offsets. Instead, it simply authorizes the
settlement of "claims." 31 U. S. C.. The CRSC
statute confers comparable settlement authority, see supra,
at 8 -- 10, and is likewise silent as to the extra accounting
procedures that the Government contemplates. We decline
the Government's invitation to read additional require-
ments into the "administrative determination of the
amount due." Illinois Surety, 240 U. S., at 219.
Finally, the Government warns that if the CRSC statute
"create[s] an independent settlement mechanism," then
14 SOTO v. UNITED STATES

Opinion of the Court

every statute containing even one of 's relevant "fea-
tures" might also displace the Barring Act, and in turn "de-
stabilize" various Government programs. See Brief for
United States 36 -- 41. The conclusion does not follow the
premise. In holding that the CRSC statute confers author-
ity to settle claims for CRSC payments, we do not suggest
that each singular component or subsection of the statute
is independently sufficient to establish settlement author-
ity. To the contrary, we hold only that 's separate
subsections -- in combination -- create a comprehensive
CRSC benefits regime spanning from application to pay-
ment, and that, within this framework, Congress has au-
thorized the Secretary concerned to determine both the va-
lidity of applicants' CRSC claims and the amount due on
them. See supra, at 8 -- 10.5
In all events, while we acknowledge that the Barring
Act's limitations period plays an important role in manag-
ing the Government's potential retroactive liability, "we
will not presume... that any result consistent with [the
Government's] account of the statute's overarching goal
must be the law." Henson v. Santander Consumer USA
Inc., (2017). Even if we thought sound pol-
icy called for a narrower carveout to the Barring Act's pro-
cedures than the "another law" exception that Congress en-
acted, 31 U. S. C., that policy choice is a "matte[r]
for Congress, not this Court, to resolve," Henson, 582 U. S.,
at 90.

-- -- -- -- -- -- 
5 As the Government itself recognized at oral argument, the number of

statutes that include all of the material features of the CRSC statute -- 
as opposed to just one or some of those features -- appears to be relatively
small. See Tr. of Oral Arg. 47 -- 52 (referring to "six statutes" that argua-
bly authorize a Government entity to determine both the validity of a
claim and the amount due). Notwithstanding this acknowledgment, the
Government has "reserv[ed] the right to distinguish" these statutes, id.,
at 51, and we express no view as to whether any other statute displaces
the Barring Act in a way analogous to the CRSC statute.
 Cite as: 605 U. S. ____ (2025) 15

Opinion of the Court

* * *
The judgment of the Court of Appeals is reversed, and the
case is remanded for further proceedings consistent with
this opinion.
It is so ordered.