"Voluntary" only; excludes assigned risks and the like.

Revised to exclude policies moved from one GEICO company 
to another. 

Almost all of our manufacturing, 
retailing and service businesses had excellent results in 1999. 
The exception was Dexter Shoe, and there the shortfall did not occur 
because of managerial problems: In skills, energy and devotion to 
their work, the Dexter executives are every bit the equal of our 
other managers. But we manufacture shoes primarily in the U.S., 
and it has become extremely difficult for domestic producers to 
compete effectively. In 1999, approximately 93% of the 1.3 billion 
pairs of shoes purchased in this country came from abroad, where 
extremely low-cost labor is the rule.

Counting both Dexter and H. H. Brown, 
we are currently the leading domestic manufacturer of shoes, and 
we are likely to continue to be. We have loyal, highly-skilled workers 
in our U.S. plants, and we want to retain every job here that we 
can. Nevertheless, in order to remain viable, we are sourcing more 
of our output internationally. In doing that, we have incurred significant 
severance and relocation costs that are included in the earnings 
we show in the table. 

A few years back, Helzberg's, our 
200-store jewelry operation, needed to make operating adjustments 
to restore margins to appropriate levels. Under Jeff Comment's leadership, 
the job was done and profits have dramatically rebounded. In the 
shoe business, where we have Harold Alfond, Peter Lunder, Frank 
Rooney and Jim Issler in charge, I believe we will see a similar 
improvement over the next few years. 

See's Candies deserves a special 
comment, given that it achieved a record operating margin of 24% 
last year. Since we bought See's for $25 million in 1972, it has 
earned $857 million pre-tax. And, despite its growth, the business 
has required very little additional capital. Give the credit for 
this performance to Chuck Huggins. Charlie and I put him in charge 
the day of our purchase, and his fanatical insistence on both product 
quality and friendly service has rewarded customers, employees and 
owners. 

Chuck gets better every year. When 
he took charge of See's at age 46, the company's pre-tax profit, 
expressed in millions, was about 10% of his age. Today he's 74, 
and the ratio has increased to 100%. Having discovered this mathematical 
relationship -- let's call it Huggins' Law -- Charlie and I now 
become giddy at the mere thought of Chuck's birthday. 

Additional information about our 
various businesses is given on pages 39 - 54, where you will also 
find our segment earnings reported on a GAAP basis. In addition, 
on pages 63 - 69, we have rearranged Berkshire's financial data 
into four segments on a non-GAAP basis, a presentation that corresponds 
to the way Charlie and I think about the company. 

Look-Through Earnings

Reported earnings are an inadequate 
measure of economic progress at Berkshire, in part because the numbers 
shown in the table presented earlier include only the dividends 
we receive from investees -- though these dividends typically represent 
only a small fraction of the earnings attributable to our ownership. 
Not that we mind this division of money, since on balance we regard 
the undistributed earnings of investees as more valuable to us than 
the portion paid out. The reason for our thinking is simple: Our 
investees often have the opportunity to reinvest earnings at high 
rates of return. So why should we want them paid out? 

To depict something closer to economic 
reality at Berkshire than reported earnings, though, we employ the 
concept of "look-through" earnings. As we calculate these, they 
consist of: (1) the operating earnings reported in the previous 
section, plus; (2) our share of the retained operating earnings 
of major investees that, under GAAP accounting, are not reflected 
in our profits, less; (3) an allowance for the tax that would be 
paid by Berkshire if these retained earnings of investees had instead 
been distributed to us. When tabulating "operating earnings" here, 
we exclude purchase-accounting adjustments as well as capital gains 
and other major non-recurring items. 

The following table sets forth our 
1999 look-through earnings, though I warn you that the figures can 
be no more than approximate, since they are based on a number of 
judgment calls. (The dividends paid to us by these investees have 
been included in the operating earnings itemized on page 13, mostly 
under "Insurance Group: Net Investment Income.") 

(1) Does not include shares allocable to minority interests 

(2) Calculated on average ownership for the year 

(3) The tax rate used is 14%, which is the rate Berkshire pays on 
the dividends it receives 

Investments

Below we present our common stock 
investments. Those that had a market value of more than $750 million 
at the end of 1999 are itemized. 

* Represents tax-basis cost which, in aggregate, is $691 million less 
than GAAP cost. 

We made few portfolio changes in 
1999. As I mentioned earlier, several of the companies in which 
we have large investments had disappointing business results last 
year. Nevertheless, we believe these companies have important competitive 
advantages that will endure over time. This attribute, which makes 
for good long-term investment results, is one Charlie and I occasionally 
believe we can identify. More often, however, we can't -- not at 
least with a high degree of conviction. This explains, by the way, 
why we don't own stocks of tech companies, even though we share 
the general view that our society will be transformed by their products 
and services. Our problem -- which we can't solve by studying up 
-- is that we have no insights into which participants in the tech 
field possess a truly 
durable
competitive advantage. 

Our lack of tech insights, we should 
add, does not distress us. After all, there are a great many business 
areas in which Charlie and I have no special capital-allocation 
expertise. For instance, we bring nothing to the table when it comes 
to evaluating patents, manufacturing processes or geological prospects. 
So we simply don't get into judgments in those fields. 

If we have a strength, it is in 
recognizing when we are operating well within our circle of competence 
and when we are approaching the perimeter. Predicting the long-term 
economics of companies that operate in fast-changing industries 
is simply far beyond our perimeter. If others claim predictive skill 
in those industries -- and seem to have their claims validated by 
the behavior of the stock market -- we neither envy nor emulate 
them. Instead, we just stick with what we understand. If we stray, 
we will have done so inadvertently, not because we got restless 
and substituted hope for rationality. Fortunately, it's almost certain 
there will be opportunities from time to time for Berkshire to do 
well within the circle we've staked out. 

Right now, the prices of the fine 
businesses we already own are just not that attractive. In other 
words, we feel much better about the businesses than their stocks. 
That's why we haven't added to our present holdings. Nevertheless, 
we haven't yet scaled back our portfolio in a major way: If the 
choice is between a questionable business at a comfortable price 
or a comfortable business at a questionable price, we much prefer 
the latter. What really gets our attention, however, is a comfortable 
business at a comfortable price. 

Our reservations about the prices 
of securities we own apply also to the general level of equity prices. 
We have never attempted to forecast what the stock market is going 
to do in the next month or the next year, and we are not trying 
to do that now. But, as I point out in the enclosed article, equity 
investors currently seem wildly optimistic in their expectations 
about future returns. 

We see the growth in corporate profits 
as being largely tied to the business done in the country (GDP), 
and we see GDP growing at a real rate of about 3%. In addition, 
we have hypothesized 2% inflation. Charlie and I have no particular 
conviction about the accuracy of 2%. However, it's the market's 
view: Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS) yield about 
two percentage points less than the standard treasury bond, and 
if you believe inflation rates are going to be higher than that, 
you can profit by simply buying TIPS and shorting Governments. 

If profits do indeed grow along 
with GDP, at about a 5% rate, the valuation placed on American business 
is unlikely to climb by much more than that. Add in something for 
dividends, and you emerge with returns from equities that are dramatically 
less than most investors have either experienced in the past or 
expect in the future. If investor expectations become more realistic 
-- and they almost certainly will -- the market adjustment is apt 
to be severe, particularly in sectors in which speculation has been 
concentrated. 

Berkshire will someday have opportunities 
to deploy major amounts of cash in equity markets -- we are confident 
of that. But, as the song goes, "Who knows where or when?" Meanwhile, 
if anyone starts explaining to you what is going on in the truly-manic 
portions of this "enchanted" market, you might remember still another 
line of song: "Fools give you reasons, wise men never try." 

Share Repurchases

Recently, a number of shareholders 
have suggested to us that Berkshire repurchase its shares. Usually 
the requests were rationally based, but a few leaned on spurious 
logic. 

There is only one combination of 
facts that makes it advisable for a company to repurchase its shares: 
First, the company has available funds -- cash plus sensible borrowing 
capacity -- beyond the near-term needs of the business and, second, 
finds its stock selling in the market below its intrinsic value, 
conservatively-calculated. To this we add a caveat: Shareholders 
should have been supplied all the information they need for estimating 
that value. Otherwise, insiders could take advantage of their uninformed 
partners and buy out their interests at a fraction of true worth. 
We have, on rare occasions, seen that happen. Usually, of course, 
chicanery is employed to drive stock prices up, not down. 

The business "needs" that I speak 
of are of two kinds: First, expenditures that a company must make 
to maintain its competitive position (e.g., the remodeling of stores 
at Helzberg's) and, second, optional outlays, aimed at business 
growth, that management expects will produce more than a dollar 
of value for each dollar spent (R. C. Willey's expansion into Idaho). 

When available funds exceed needs 
of those kinds, a company with a growth-oriented shareholder population 
can buy new businesses or repurchase shares. If a company's stock 
is selling well below intrinsic value, repurchases usually make 
the most sense. In the mid-1970s, the wisdom of making these was 
virtually screaming at managements, but few responded. In most cases, 
those that did made their owners much wealthier than if alternative 
courses of action had been pursued. Indeed, during the 1970s (and, spasmodically, for some years 
thereafter) we searched for companies that were large repurchasers of 
their shares. This often was a tipoff that the company was both undervalued 
and run by a shareholder-oriented management. 

That day is past. Now, repurchases 
are all the rage, but are all too often made for an unstated and, 
in our view, ignoble reason: to pump or support the stock price. 
The shareholder who chooses to sell today, of course, is benefitted 
by any buyer, whatever his origin or motives. But the 
continuing

shareholder is penalized by repurchases above intrinsic value. Buying 
dollar bills for $1.10 is not good business for those who stick 
around. 

Charlie and I admit that we feel 
confident in estimating intrinsic value for only a portion of traded 
equities and then only when we employ a range of values, rather 
than some pseudo-precise figure. Nevertheless, it appears to us 
that many companies now making repurchases are overpaying departing 
shareholders at the expense of those who stay. In defense of those 
companies, I would say that it is natural for CEOs to be optimistic 
about their own businesses. They also know a whole lot more about 
them than I do. However, I can't help but feel that too often today's 
repurchases are dictated by management's desire to "show confidence" 
or be in fashion rather than by a desire to enhance per-share value. 

Sometimes, too, companies say they 
are repurchasing shares to offset the shares issued when stock options 
granted at much lower prices are exercised. This "buy high, sell 
low" strategy is one many unfortunate investors have employed -- 
but never intentionally! Managements, however, seem to follow this 
perverse activity very cheerfully. 

Of course, both option grants and 
repurchases may make sense -- but if that's the case, it's not because 
the two activities are logically related. Rationally, a company's 
decision to repurchase shares or to issue them should stand on its 
own feet. Just because stock has been issued to satisfy options 
-- or for any other reason -- does not mean that stock should be 
repurchased at a price above intrinsic value. Correspondingly, a 
stock that sells well below intrinsic value should be repurchased 
whether or not stock has previously been issued (or may be because 
of outstanding options). 

You should be aware that, at certain 
times in the past, I have erred in 
not
making repurchases. 
My appraisal of Berkshire's value was then too conservative or I 
was too enthused about some alternative use of funds. We have therefore 
missed some opportunities -- though Berkshire's trading volume at 
these points was too light for us to have done much buying, which 
means that the gain in our per-share value would have been minimal. 
(A repurchase of, say, 2% of a company's shares at a 25% discount 
from per-share intrinsic value produces only a ½% gain in that value 
at most -- and even less if the funds could alternatively have been 
deployed in value-building moves.) 

Some of the letters we've received 
clearly imply that the writer is unconcerned about intrinsic value 
considerations but instead wants us to trumpet an intention to repurchase 
so that the stock will rise (or quit going down). If the writer 
wants to sell tomorrow, his thinking makes sense -- for him! -- 
but if he intends to hold, he should instead hope the stock falls 
and trades in enough volume for us to buy a lot of it. That's the 
only way a repurchase program can have any real benefit for a continuing 
shareholder. 

We will not repurchase shares unless 
we believe Berkshire stock is selling well below intrinsic value, 
conservatively calculated. Nor will we attempt to talk the stock 
up or down. (Neither publicly or privately have I ever told anyone 
to buy or sell Berkshire shares.) Instead we will give all shareholders 
-- and potential shareholders -- the same valuation-related information 
we would wish to have if our positions were reversed. 

Recently, when the A shares fell 
below $45,000, we considered making repurchases. We decided, however, 
to delay buying, if indeed we elect to do 
any
, until shareholders 
have had the chance to review this report. If we do find that repurchases 
make sense, we will only rarely place bids on the New York Stock 
Exchange ("NYSE"). Instead, we will respond to offers made directly 
to us at or below the NYSE bid. If you wish to offer stock, have 
your broker call Mark Millard at 402-346-1400. When a trade occurs, 
the broker can either record it in the "third market" or on the 
NYSE. We will favor purchase of the B shares if they are selling 
at more than a 2% discount to the A. We will not engage in transactions 
involving fewer than 10 shares of A or 50 shares of B. 

Please be clear about one point: 
We will 
never
make purchases with the intention of stemming 
a decline in Berkshire's price. Rather we will make them if and 
when we believe that they represent an attractive use of the Company's 
money. At best, repurchases are likely to have only a very minor 
effect on the future rate of gain in our stock's intrinsic value. 

Shareholder-Designated Contributions

About 97.3% of all eligible shares 
participated in Berkshire's 1999 shareholder-designated contributions 
program, with contributions totaling $17.2 million. A full description 
of the program appears on pages 70 - 71. 

Cumulatively, over the 19 years 
of the program, Berkshire has made contributions of $147 million 
pursuant to the instructions of our shareholders. The rest of Berkshire's 
giving is done by our subsidiaries, which stick to the philanthropic 
patterns that prevailed before they were acquired (except that their 
former owners themselves take on the responsibility for their personal 
charities). In aggregate, our subsidiaries made contributions of 
$13.8 million in 1999, including in-kind donations of $2.5 million. 

To participate in future programs, 
you must own Class A shares that are registered in the name of the 
actual owner, not the nominee name of a broker, bank or depository. 
Shares not so registered on August 31, 2000, will be ineligible 
for the 2000 program. When you get the contributions form from us, 
return it promptly so that it does not get put aside or forgotten. 
Designations received after the due date will not be honored.

The Annual Meeting

This year's Woodstock 
Weekend for Capitalists will follow a format slightly different 
from that of recent years. We need to make a change because the 
Aksarben Coliseum, which served us well the past three years, is 
gradually being closed down. Therefore, we are relocating to the 
Civic Auditorium (which is on Capitol Avenue between 18
th

th
, behind the Doubletree Hotel), the only other 
facility in Omaha offering the space we require. 

The Civic, however, is located in 
downtown Omaha, and we would create a parking and traffic nightmare 
if we were to meet there on a weekday. We will, therefore, convene 
on Saturday, April 29, with the doors opening at 7 a.m., the movie 
beginning at 8:30 and the meeting itself commencing at 9:30. As 
in the past, we will run until 3:30 with a short break at noon for 
food, which will be available at the Civic's concession stands. 

An attachment to the proxy material 
that is enclosed with this report explains how you can obtain the 
credential you will need for admission to the meeting and other 
events. As for plane, hotel and car reservations, we have again 
signed up American Express (800-799-6634) to give you special help. 
In our normal fashion, we will run buses from the larger hotels 
to the meeting. After the meeting, the buses will make trips back 
to the hotels and to Nebraska Furniture Mart, Borsheim's and the 
airport. Even so, you are likely to find a car useful. 

We have scheduled the meeting in 
2002 and 2003 on the customary first Saturday in May. In 2001, however, 
the Civic is already booked on that Saturday, so we will meet on 
April 28. The Civic should fit our needs well on any weekend, since 
there will then be more than ample parking in nearby lots and garages 
as well as on streets. We will also be able to greatly enlarge the 
space we give exhibitors. So, overcoming my normal commercial reticence, 
I will see that you have a wide display of Berkshire products at 
the Civic that you can 
purchase
shareholders bought 3,059 pounds of See's candy, $16,155 of World 
Book Products, 1,928 pairs of Dexter shoes, 895 sets of Quikut knives, 
1,752 golf balls with the Berkshire Hathaway logo and 3,446 items 
of Berkshire apparel. I know you can do better. 

Last year, we also initiated the 
sale of at least eight fractions of Executive Jet aircraft. We will 
again have an array of models at the Omaha airport for your inspection 
on Saturday and Sunday. Ask an EJA representative at the Civic about 
viewing any of these planes. 

Dairy Queen will also be on hand 
at the Civic and again will donate all proceeds to the Children's 
Miracle Network. Last year we sold 4,586 Dilly® bars, fudge 
bars and vanilla/orange bars. Additionally, GEICO will have a booth 
that will be staffed by a number of our top counselors from around 
the country, all of them ready to supply you with auto insurance 
quotes. In most cases, GEICO will be able to offer you a special 
shareholder's discount. Bring the details of your existing insurance, 
and check out whether we can save you some money. 

Finally, Ajit Jain and his associates 
will be on hand to offer both no-commission annuities and a liability 
policy with jumbo limits of a size rarely available elsewhere. Talk 
to Ajit and learn how to protect yourself and your family against 

NFM's newly remodeled complex, located 
on a 75-acre site on 72
nd
Street between Dodge and Pacific, 
is open from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. on weekdays and 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. 
on Saturdays and Sundays. This operation offers an unrivaled breadth 
of merchandise -- furniture, electronics, appliances, carpets and 
computers -- all at can't-be-beat prices. In 1999 NFM did more than 
$300 million of business at its 72
nd
Street location, 
which in a metropolitan area of 675,000 is an absolute miracle. 
During the Thursday, April 27 to Monday, May 1 period, any shareholder 
presenting his or her meeting credential will receive a discount 
that is customarily given only to employees. We have offered this 
break to shareholders the last couple of years, and sales have been 
amazing. In last year's five-day "Berkshire Weekend," NFM's volume 

Borsheim's -- the largest jewelry 
store in the country except for Tiffany's Manhattan store -- will 
have two shareholder-only events. The first will be a champagne 
and dessert party from 6 p.m.-10 p.m. on Friday, April 28. The second, 
the main gala, will be from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Sunday, April 30. 
On that day, Charlie and I will be on hand to sign 
sales tickets
Shareholder prices will be available Thursday through Monday, so 
if you wish to avoid the largest crowds, which will form on Friday 
evening and Sunday, come at other times and identify yourself as 
a shareholder. On Saturday, we will be open until 7 p.m. Borsheim's 
operates on a gross margin that is fully twenty percentage points 
below that of its major rivals, so be prepared to be blown away 
by both our prices and selection. 

In the mall outside of Borsheim's, 
we will again have Bob Hamman -- the best bridge player the game 
has ever seen -- available to play with our shareholders on Sunday. 
We will also have a few other experts playing at additional tables. 
In 1999, we had more demand than tables, but we will cure that problem 
this year. 

Patrick Wolff, twice US chess champion, 
will again be in the mall playing blindfolded against all comers. 
He tells me that he has never tried to play more than four games 
simultaneously while handicapped this way but might try to bump 
that limit to five or six this year. If you're a chess fan, take 
Patrick on -- but be sure to check his blindfold before your first 
move. 

Gorat's -- my favorite steakhouse 
-- will again be open exclusively for Berkshire shareholders on 
Sunday, April 30, and will be serving from 4 p.m. until about midnight. 
Please remember that you can't come to Gorat's on Sunday without 
a reservation. To make one, call 402-551-3733 on April 3 (
but 
not before
). If Sunday is sold out, try Gorat's on one of the 
other evenings you will be in town. I make a "quality check" of 
Gorat's about once a week and can report that their rare T-bone 
(with a double order of hash browns) is still unequaled throughout 
the country. 

The usual baseball game will be 
held at Rosenblatt Stadium at 7 p.m. on Saturday night. This year 
the Omaha Golden Spikes will play the Iowa Cubs. Come early, because 
that's when the real action takes place. Those who attended last 
year saw your Chairman pitch to Ernie Banks. 

This encounter proved to be the 
titanic duel that the sports world had long awaited. After the first 
few pitches -- which were not my best, but when have I ever thrown 
my best? -- I fired a brushback at Ernie just to let him know who 
was in command. Ernie charged the mound, and I charged the plate. 
But a clash was avoided because we became exhausted before reaching 
each other. 

Ernie was dissatisfied with his 
performance last year and has been studying the game films all winter. 
As you may know, Ernie had 512 home runs in his career as a Cub. 
Now that he has spotted telltale weaknesses in my delivery, he expects 
to get #513 on April 29. I, however, have learned new ways to disguise 
my "flutterball." Come and watch this matchup. 

I should add that I have extracted 
a promise from Ernie that he will not hit a "come-backer" at me 
since I would never be able to duck in time to avoid it. My reflexes 
are like Woody Allen's, who said his were so slow that he was once 
hit by a car being pushed by two guys. 

Our proxy statement contains instructions 
about obtaining tickets to the game and also a large quantity of 
other information that should help you enjoy your visit in Omaha. 
Join us at the Capitalist Caper on Capitol Avenue.