AnnualPercentageChange
BookValueof withDividends Relative
Berkshire Included Results
Notes: Data are for calendar years with these exceptions: 1965 and 1966, year ended 9/30; 1967, 15 months ended
12/31. Starting in 1979, accounting rules required insurance companies to value the equity securities they hold at
market rather than at the lower of cost or market, which was previously the requirement. In this table, Berkshire's
using the numbers originally reported. The S&P 500 numbers are pre-tax whereas the Berkshire numbers are after-
S&P 500 in years when the index showed a negative return. Over the years, the tax costs would have caused the
aggregatelagtobesubstantial.

BERKSHIREHATHAWAYINC.
TotheShareholdersofBerkshireHathawayInc.:
The per-share book value of both our Class A and Class B stock increased by 4.6% in 2011.Over the
last47years(thatis,sincepresentmanagementtookover),bookvaluehasgrownfrom$19to$99,860,arateof
Charlie Munger, Berkshire's Vice Chairman and my partner, and I feel good about the company's
• The primary job of a Board of Directors is to see that the right people are running the business and to
besurethatthenextgenerationofleadersisidentifiedandreadytotakeovertomorrow.Ihavebeenon
19 corporate boards, and Berkshire's directors are at the top of the list in the time and diligence they
havedevotedtosuccessionplanning.What'smore,theireffortshavepaidoff.
As 2011 started, Todd Combs joined us as an investment manager, and shortly after yearend Ted
Weschler came aboard. Both of these men have outstanding investment skills and a deep commitment
to Berkshire. Each will be handling a few billion dollars in 2012, but they have the brains, judgment
andcharactertomanageourentireportfoliowhenCharlieandIarenolongerrunningBerkshire.
YourBoardisequallyenthusiasticaboutmysuccessorasCEO,anindividualtowhomtheyhavehada
great deal of exposure and whose managerial and human qualities they admire. (We have two superb
back-up candidates as well.) When a transfer of responsibility is required, it will be seamless, and
Berkshire's prospects will remain bright. More than 98% of my net worth is in Berkshire stock, all of
whichwillgotovariousphilanthropies.Beingsoheavilyconcentratedinonestockdefiesconventional
wisdom. But I'm fine with this arrangement, knowing both the quality and diversity of the businesses
we own and the caliber of the people who manage them. With these assets, my successor will enjoy a
running start. Do not, however, infer from this discussion that Charlie and I are going anywhere; we
continuetobeinexcellenthealth,andwelovewhatwedo.
• On September 16th we acquired Lubrizol, a worldwide producer of additives and other specialty
chemicals. The company has had an outstanding record since James Hambrick became CEO in 2004,
with pre-tax profits increasing from $147 million to $1,085 million. Lubrizol will have many
opportunitiesfor"bolt-on"acquisitionsinthespecialtychemicalfield.Indeed,we'vealreadyagreedto
three,costing$493million.Jamesisadisciplinedbuyerandasuperboperator.CharlieandIareeager
toexpandhismanagerialdomain.
• Ourmajorbusinessesdidwelllastyear.Infact,eachofourfivelargestnon-insurancecompanies -- BNSF,
Iscar, Lubrizol, Marmon Group and MidAmerican Energy -- delivered record operating earnings. In
aggregate these businesses earned more than $9 billion pre-tax in 2011. Contrast that to seven years ago,
whenweownedonlyoneofthefive,MidAmerican,whosepre-taxearningswere$393million.Unlessthe
economy weakens in 2012, each of our fabulous five should again set a record, with aggregate earnings
* All per-share figures used in this report apply to Berkshire's A shares. Figures for the B shares are

the U.S., a fact that may surprise those who believe our country lacks investment opportunities. We
welcome projects abroad, but expect the overwhelming majority of Berkshire's future capital
• Our insurance operations continued their delivery of costless capital that funds a myriad of other
opportunities. This business produces "float" -- money that doesn't belong to us, but that we get to
invest for Berkshire's benefit. And if we pay out less in losses and expenses than we receive in
premiums, we additionally earn an underwriting profit, meaning the float costs us less than nothing.
Though we are sure to have underwriting losses from time to time, we've now had nine consecutive
years of underwriting profits, totaling about $17 billion. Over the same nine years our float increased
BankofAmerica thatcame withwarrants allowingustobuy700million commonshares at$7.14per
Counting IBM, we now have large ownership interests in four exceptional companies: 13.0% of
American Express, 8.8% of Coca-Cola, 5.5% of IBM and 7.6% of Wells Fargo. (We also, of course,
havemanysmaller,butimportant,positions.)
Weviewtheseholdingsaspartnershipinterestsinwonderfulbusinesses,notasmarketablesecuritiesto
beboughtorsoldbasedontheirnear-termprospects.Ourshareoftheirearnings,however,arefarfrom
fully reflected in our earnings; only the dividends we receive from these businesses show up in our
financialreports.Overtime,though,theundistributedearningsofthesecompaniesthatareattributable
toourownershipareofhugeimportancetous.That'sbecausetheywillbeusedinavarietyofwaysto
increasefutureearningsanddividendsoftheinvestee.Theymayalsobedevotedtostockrepurchases,
whichwillincreaseourshareofthecompany'sfutureearnings.
Had we owned our present positions throughout last year, our dividends from the "Big Four" would
havebeen$862million.That'sallthatwouldhavebeenreportedinBerkshire'sincomestatement.Our
share of this quartet's earnings, however, would have been far greater: $3.3 billion. Charlie and I
Berkshireasitfuelsearningsgainsinfutureyears.Weexpectthecombinedearningsofthefour -- and
their dividends as well -- to increase in 2012 and, for that matter, almost every year for a long time to
come.Adecadefromnow,ourcurrentholdingsofthefourcompaniesmightwellaccountforearnings
• A few years back, I spent about $2 billion buying several bond issues of Energy Future Holdings, an
electricutilityoperationservingportionsofTexas.Thatwasamistake -- abigmistake.Inlargemeasure,
thecompany'sprospectsweretiedtothepriceofnaturalgas,whichtankedshortlyafterourpurchaseand
purchase, the company's ability to pay will soon be exhausted unless gas prices rise substantially. We
Atyearend,wecarried thebondsattheir market valueof$878million. Ifgasprices remain atpresent
levels, we will likely face a further loss, perhaps in an amount that will virtually wipe out our current
carryingvalue.Conversely,asubstantialincreaseingaspricesmightallowustorecoupsome,oreven
all,ofourwrite-down.Howeverthingsturnout,Itotallymiscalculatedthegain/lossprobabilitieswhen
Ipurchasedthebonds.Intennisparlance,thiswasamajorunforcederrorbyyourchairman.

• Three large and very attractive fixed-income investments were called awayfrom us bytheir issuers in
2011. Swiss Re, Goldman Sachs and General Electric paid us an aggregate of $12.8 billion to redeem
securities that were producing about $1.2 billion of pre-tax earnings for Berkshire. That's a lot of
incometoreplace,thoughourLubrizolpurchasedidoffsetmostofit.
• Last year, I told you that "a housing recovery will probably begin within a year or so." I was dead
wrong. We have five businesses whose results are significantly influenced by housing activity. The
connection is direct at Clayton Homes, which is the largest producer of homes in the country,
Additionally, Acme Brick, Shaw (carpet), Johns Manville (insulation) and MiTek (building products,
primarily connector plates used in roofing) are all materially affected by construction activity. In
aggregate, our five housing-related companies had pre-tax profits of $513 million in 2011. That's
Housingwillcomeback -- youcanbesureofthat.Overtime,thenumberofhousingunitsnecessarily
matches the number of households (after allowing for a normal level of vacancies). For a period of
years prior to 2008, however, America added more housing units than households. Inevitably, we
endedupwithfartoomanyunitsandthebubblepoppedwithaviolencethatshooktheentireeconomy.
Thatcreatedstillanotherproblemforhousing:Earlyinarecession,householdformationsslow,andin
Thatdevastatingsupply/demandequationisnowreversed:Everydaywearecreatingmorehouseholds
than housing units. People may postpone hitching up during uncertain times, but eventually hormones
takeover.Andwhile"doubling-up"maybetheinitialreactionofsomeduringarecession,livingwith
in-lawscanquicklyloseitsallure.
At our current annual pace of 600,000 housing starts -- considerably less than the number of new
households being formed -- buyers and renters are sopping up what's left of the old oversupply. (This
process will run its course at different rates around the country; the supply-demand situation varies
widely by locale.) While this healing takes place, however, our housing-related companies sputter,
employing only 43,315 people compared to 58,769 in 2006. This hugely important sector of the
economy, which includes not only construction but everything that feeds off of it, remains in a
depression of its own. I believe this is the major reason a recovery in employment has so severely
laggedthesteadyandsubstantialcomebackwehaveseeninalmostallothersectorsofoureconomy.
Wisemonetaryandfiscalpoliciesplayanimportantroleintemperingrecessions,butthesetoolsdon't
create households nor eliminate excess housing units. Fortunately, demographics and our market
system will restore the needed balance -- probably before long. When that day comes, we will again
build one million or more residential units annually. I believe pundits will be surprised at how far
unemployment drops once that happens. They will then reawake to what has been true since 1776:
America'sbestdayslieahead.
IntrinsicBusinessValue
Charlie and I measure our performance by the rate of gain in Berkshire's per-share intrinsic business
value. If our gain over time outstrips the performance of the S&P 500, we have earned our paychecks. If it
doesn't,weareoverpaidatanyprice.
Wehavenowaytopinpointintrinsicvalue.Butwedohaveauseful,thoughconsiderablyunderstated,
proxy for it: per-share book value. This yardstick is meaningless at most companies. At Berkshire, however,
bookvalue very roughly tracks business values.That's becausetheamount bywhichBerkshire's intrinsic value
exceeds book value does not swing wildly from year to year, though it increases in most years. Over time, the
divergencewilllikelybecomeevermoresubstantialinabsoluteterms,remainingreasonablysteady,however,on
apercentagebasisasboththenumeratoranddenominatorofthebusiness-value/book-valueequationincrease.

in a bad year for the stock market and just as certainly will fall short in a strong up-year. Thetest is howwedo
over at Berkshire in 1965 (i.e., 1965-69, 1966-70, etc.). All showed our book value beating the S&P, and our
string held for 2007-11. It will almost certainly snap, though, if the S&P 500 should put together a five-year
winningstreak(whichitmaywellbeonitswaytodoingasIwritethis).
I also included two tables last year that set forth the key quantitative ingredients that will help you
estimate our per-share intrinsic value. I won't repeat the full discussion here; you can find it reproduced on
pages99-100.Toupdatethetablesshownthere,ourper-shareinvestmentsin2011increased4%to$98,366,and
CharlieandIliketoseegainsinbothareas,butourprimaryfocusisonbuildingoperatingearnings.Over
time,thebusinesseswecurrentlyownshouldincreasetheiraggregateearnings,andwehopealsotopurchasesome
largeoperationsthatwillgiveusafurtherboost.Wenowhaveeightsubsidiariesthatwouldeachbeincludedinthe
Fortune500weretheystand-alonecompanies.Thatleavesonly492togo.Mytaskisclear,andI'montheprowl.
ShareRepurchases
value.Wewereinthemarketforonlyafewdays -- buying$67millionofstock -- beforethepriceadvancedbeyond
ourlimit.Nonetheless,thegeneralimportanceofsharerepurchasessuggestsIshouldfocusforabitonthesubject.
CharlieandIfavorrepurchaseswhentwoconditionsaremet:first,acompanyhasamplefundstotake
careoftheoperationalandliquidityneedsofitsbusiness;second,itsstockissellingatamaterialdiscounttothe
company'sintrinsicbusinessvalue,conservativelycalculated.
We have witnessed many bouts of repurchasing that failed our second test. Sometimes, of course,
infractions -- even serious ones -- are innocent; many CEOs never stop believing their stock is cheap. In other
instances,alessbenignconclusionseemswarranted.Itdoesn'tsufficetosaythatrepurchasesarebeingmadeto
offset the dilution from stock issuances or simply because a company has excess cash. Continuing shareholders
are hurt unless shares are purchased below intrinsic value. The first law of capital allocation -- whether the
moneyisslatedforacquisitionsorsharerepurchases -- isthatwhatissmartatonepriceisdumbatanother.(One
CEO who always stresses the price/value factor in repurchase decisions is Jamie Dimon at J.P. Morgan; I
recommendthatyoureadhisannualletter.)
Charlie and I have mixed emotions when Berkshire shares sell well below intrinsic value. We like
making money for continuing shareholders, and there is no surer way to do that than by buying an asset -- our
own stock -- that we know to be worth at least x for less than that -- for .9x, .8x or even lower. (As one of our
directorssays,it'slikeshootingfishinabarrel,afterthebarrelhasbeendrainedandthefishhavequitflopping.)
Nevertheless, we don't enjoy cashing out partners at a discount, even though our doing so may give the selling
shareholders a slightly higher price than they would receive if our bid was absent. When we are buying,
therefore,wewantthoseexitingpartnerstobefullyinformedaboutthevalueoftheassetstheyareselling.
At our limit price of 110% of book value, repurchases clearly increase Berkshire's per-share intrinsic
value.Andthemoreandthecheaperwebuy,thegreaterthegainforcontinuingshareholders.Therefore,ifgiven
the opportunity, we will likely repurchase stock aggressively at our price limit or lower. You should know,
however,thatwehavenointerestinsupportingthestockandthatourbidswillfadeinparticularlyweakmarkets.
Nor will we buy shares if our cash-equivalent holdings are below $20 billion. At Berkshire, financial strength
thatisunquestionabletakesprecedenceoverallelse.
Thisdiscussionofrepurchasesoffersmethechancetoaddresstheirrationalreactionofmanyinvestors
tochangesinstockprices.WhenBerkshirebuysstockinacompanythatisrepurchasingshares,wehopefortwo
events:First,wehavethenormalhopethatearningsofthebusinesswillincreaseatagoodclipforalongtimeto
come;andsecond,wealsohopethatthestockunderperformsinthemarketforalongtimeaswell.Acorollaryto
this second point: "Talking our book" about a stock we own -- were that to be effective -- would actually be
harmfultoBerkshire,nothelpfulascommentatorscustomarilyassume.

Let'suseIBMasanexample.Asallbusinessobserversknow,CEOsLouGerstnerandSamPalmisano
did a superb job in moving IBM from near-bankruptcy twenty years ago to its prominence today. Their
operationalaccomplishmentsweretrulyextraordinary.
But their financial management was equally brilliant, particularly in recent years as the company's
financialflexibilityimproved.Indeed,Icanthinkofnomajorcompanythathashadbetterfinancialmanagement,a
skillthathasmateriallyincreasedthegainsenjoyedbyIBMshareholders.Thecompanyhasuseddebtwisely,made
value-addingacquisitionsalmostexclusivelyforcashandaggressivelyrepurchaseditsownstock.
Today, IBM has 1.16 billion shares outstanding, of which we own about 63.9 million or 5.5%.
Naturally, what happens to the company's earnings over the next five years is of enormous importance to us.
day:Whatshouldalong-termshareholder,suchasBerkshire,cheerforduringthatperiod?
Iwon'tkeepyouinsuspense.WeshouldwishforIBM'sstockpricetolanguishthroughoutthefiveyears.
Let'sdothemath.IfIBM'sstockpriceaverages,say,$200duringtheperiod,thecompanywillacquire
250 million shares for its $50 billion. There would consequently be 910 million shares outstanding, and we
would own about 7% of the company. If the stock conversely sells for an average of $300 during the five-year
period, IBM will acquire only 167 million shares. That would leave about 990 million shares outstanding after
milliongreaterunderthe"disappointing"scenarioofalowerstockpricethantheywouldhavebeenatthehigher
price. At some later point our shares would be worth perhaps $11⁄ 2 billion more than if the "high-price"
repurchasescenariohadtakenplace.
Thelogicissimple:Ifyouaregoingtobeanetbuyerofstocksinthefuture,eitherdirectlywithyourown
money or indirectly (through your ownership of a company that is repurchasing shares), you are hurt when stocks
rise. You benefit when stocks swoon. Emotions, however, too often complicate the matter: Most people, including
thosewhowillbenetbuyersinthefuture,takecomfortinseeingstockpricesadvance.Theseshareholdersresemble
acommuterwhorejoicesafterthepriceofgasincreases,simplybecausehistankcontainsaday'ssupply.
Charlie and I don't expect to win many of you over to our way of thinking -- we've observed enough
humanbehaviortoknowthefutilityofthat -- butwedowantyoutobeawareofourpersonalcalculus.Andhere
aconfessionisinorder:InmyearlydaysI,too,rejoicedwhenthemarketrose.ThenIreadChapterEightofBen
Graham's The Intelligent Investor, the chapter dealing with how investors should view fluctuations in stock
prices.Immediatelythescalesfellfrommyeyes,andlowpricesbecamemyfriend.Pickingupthatbookwasone
oftheluckiestmomentsinmylife.
Intheend,thesuccess ofourIBMinvestment willbedetermined primarily byitsfutureearnings.But
an important secondary factor will be how many shares the company purchases with the substantial sums it is
abandonmyfamedfrugalityandgiveBerkshireemployeesapaidholiday.
Now, let's examine the four major sectors of our operations. Each has vastly different balance sheet
and income characteristics from the others. Lumping them together therefore impedes analysis. Sowe'llpresent
them as four separate businesses, which is how Charlie and I view them. Because we may be repurchasing
Berkshiresharesfromsomeofyou,wewillofferourthoughtsineachsectionastohowintrinsicvaluecompares
tocarryingvalue.

Insurance
Let'slookfirstatinsurance,Berkshire'scoreoperationandtheenginethathaspropelledourexpansion
overtheyears.
Property-casualty ("P/C") insurers receive premiums upfront and pay claims later. In extreme cases,
such as those arising from certain workers' compensation accidents, payments can stretch over decades. This
collect-now, pay-later model leaves us holding large sums -- money we call "float" -- that will eventually go to
others. Meanwhile, we get to invest this float for Berkshire's benefit. Though individual policies and claims
come and go, the amount of float we hold remains remarkably stable in relation to premium volume.
Consequently,asourbusinessgrows,sodoesourfloat.Andhowwehavegrown,asthefollowingtableshows:
Year Float(in$millions)
It'sunlikelythatourfloatwillgrowmuch -- ifatall -- fromitscurrentlevel.That'smainlybecausewe
alreadyhaveanoutsizedamountrelative toourpremiumvolume.Weretheretobeadeclineinfloat,Iwilladd,
itwouldalmostcertainlybeverygradualandthereforeimposenounusualdemandforfundsonus.
If our premiums exceed the total of our expenses and eventual losses, we register an underwriting profit
that adds to the investment income our float produces. When such a profit occurs, we enjoy the use of free
money -- and, better yet, get paid for holding it. Unfortunately, the wish of all insurers to achieve this happy
result creates intense competition, so vigorous in most years that it causes the P/C industry as a whole to
operateatasignificantunderwritingloss.Forexample,StateFarm,byfarthecountry'slargestinsurerandawell-managed
company besides, has incurred an underwriting loss in eight of the last eleven years. There are
alotofwaystolosemoneyininsurance,andtheindustryisresourcefulincreatingnewones.
As noted in the first section of this report, we have now operated at an underwriting profit for nine
consecutive years, our gain for the period having totaled $17 billion. I believe it likely that we will continue to
underwrite profitably in most -- though certainly not all -- future years. If we accomplish that, our float will be
forholdingitsmoneyandthenletusinvestitsfundsforourownbenefit.
So how does this attractive float affect intrinsic value calculations? Our float is deducted in full as a
liability in calculating Berkshire's book value, just as if we had to pay it out tomorrow and were unable to
replenish it. But that's an incorrect way to view float, which should instead be viewed as a revolving fund. If
floatisbothcostlessandlong-enduring,thetruevalueofthisliabilityisfarlowerthantheaccountingliability.
Partially offsetting this overstated liability is $15.5 billion of "goodwill" attributable to our insurance
companiesthatisincludedinbookvalueasanasset.Ineffect,thisgoodwillrepresents thepricewepaidforthe
float-generatingcapabilitiesofourinsuranceoperations.Thecostofthegoodwill,however,hasnobearingonits
true value. If an insurance business produces large and sustained underwriting losses, any goodwill asset
attributabletoitshouldbedeemedvalueless,whateveritsoriginalcost.
Fortunately, that's not the case at Berkshire. Charlie and I believe the true economic value of our
insurance goodwill -- what we would pay to purchase float of similar quality -- to be far in excess of its historic
carrying value. The value of our float is one reason -- a huge reason -- why we believe Berkshire's intrinsic
businessvaluesubstantiallyexceedsbookvalue.
Letmeemphasizeonceagainthatcost-freefloatisnotanoutcometobeexpectedfortheP/Cindustry
asawhole:Wedon'tthinkthereismuch"Berkshire-quality"floatexistingintheinsuranceworld.Inmostyears,
including2011,theindustry's premiums havebeeninadequatetocoverclaimsplusexpenses.Consequently,the

industry'soverallreturnontangibleequityhasformanydecadesfallenfarshortoftheaveragereturnrealizedby
Americanindustry,asorryperformancealmostcertaintocontinue.Berkshire'soutstandingeconomicsexistonly
becausewehavesometerrificmanagersrunningsomeextraordinaryinsuranceoperations.Letmetellyouabout
themajorunits.
First by float size is the Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group, run by Ajit Jain. Ajit insures risks
thatnooneelsehasthedesireorthecapitaltotakeon.Hisoperationcombinescapacity,speed,decisivenessand,
mostimportantly, brainsinamannerthatisuniqueintheinsurancebusiness.YetheneverexposesBerkshireto
risksthatareinappropriateinrelationtoourresources.Indeed,wearefarmoreconservativeinthatrespectthan
most large insurers. For example, if the insurance industry should experience a $250 billion loss from some
mega-catastrophe -- a loss about triple anything it has ever faced -- Berkshire as a whole would likely record a
moderate profit for the year because of its many streams of earnings. Concurrently, all other major insurers and
reinsurerswouldbefarinthered,andsomewouldfaceinsolvency.
From a standing start in 1985, Ajit has created an insurance business with float of $34 billion and
significant underwriting profits, a feat that no CEO of any other insurer has come close to matching. By these
accomplishments, he has added a great many billions of dollars to the value of Berkshire. Charlie would gladly
trademeforasecondAjit.Alas,thereisnone.
WehaveanotherinsurancepowerhouseinGeneralRe,managedbyTadMontross.
At bottom, a sound insurance operation needs to adhere to four disciplines. It must (1) understand all
exposures that might cause a policy to incur losses; (2) conservatively evaluate the likelihood of any exposure
actually causing a loss and the probable cost if it does; (3) set a premium that will deliver a profit, on average,
after both prospective loss costs and operating expenses are covered; and (4) be willing to walk away if the
appropriatepremiumcan'tbeobtained.
Manyinsurerspassthefirstthreetestsandflunkthefourth.Theysimplycan'tturntheirbackonbusiness
that their competitors are eagerly writing. That old line, "The other guy is doing it so we must as well," spells
trouble in any business, but in none more so than insurance. Indeed, a good underwriter needs an independent
mindsetakintothatoftheseniorcitizenwhoreceivedacallfromhiswifewhiledrivinghome."Albert,becareful,"
she warned, "I just heard on the radio that there's a car going the wrong way down the Interstate." "Mabel, they
don'tknowthehalfofit,"repliedAlbert,"It'snotjustonecar,therearehundredsofthem."
Tad has observed all four of the insurance commandments, and it shows in his results. General Re's
hugefloat hasbeenbetter thancost-free underhisleadership, andweexpectthat,onaverage,itwillcontinueto
be.Inthefirstfewyearsafterweacquiredit,GeneralRewasamajorheadache.Nowit'satreasure.
Finally, there is GEICO, the insurer on which I cut my teeth 61 years ago. GEICO is run by Tony
GEICO's much-envied record comes from Tony's brilliant execution of a superb and almost-
associatesisamajorelementinBerkshire'sexcessofintrinsicvalueoverbookvalue.
Thereisstillmorethan90%oftheauto-insurance marketleftforGEICOtorakein.Don'tbetagainst
Tony acquiring chunks of it year after year in the future. Our low costs permit low prices, and every day more
Americans discover that the Gecko is doing them a favor when he urges them to visit GEICO.com for a quote.
(Ourlizardhasanotherendearingquality:Unlikehumanspokesmenorspokeswomenwhoexpensivelyrepresent
otherinsurancecompanies,ourlittlefellowhasnoagent.)
In addition to our three major insurance operations, we own a group of smaller companies, most of
them plying their trade in odd corners of the insurance world. In aggregate, their results have consistently been
profitableandthefloattheyprovideusissubstantial.CharlieandItreasurethesecompaniesandtheirmanagers.

Atyearend,weacquiredPrincetonInsurance,aNewJerseywriterofmedicalmalpracticepolicies.This
bolt-on transaction expands the managerial domain of Tim Kenesey, the star CEO of Medical Protective, our
Indiana-based med-mal insurer. Princeton brings with it more than $600 million of float, an amount that is
includedinthefollowingtable.
Hereistherecordofallfoursegmentsofourproperty-casualtyandlifeinsurancebusinesses:
UnderwritingProfit YearendFloat
(inmillions)
Amonglargeinsuranceoperations,Berkshire'simpressesmeasthebestintheworld.
Regulated,Capital-IntensiveBusinesses
We have two very large businesses, BNSF and MidAmerican Energy, that have important common
characteristicsdistinguishingthemfromourmanyotherbusinesses.Consequently,weassignthemtheirownsector
inthisletterandalsosplitouttheircombinedfinancialstatisticsinourGAAPbalancesheetandincomestatement.
A key characteristic of both companies is the huge investment they have in very long-lived, regulated
assets, with these partially funded by large amounts of long-term debt that is not guaranteed by Berkshire. Our
credit is not needed: Both businesses have earning power that even under terrible business conditions amply
covers their interest requirements. In a less than robust economy during 2011, for example, BNSF's interest
coverage was 9.5x. At MidAmerican, meanwhile, two key factors ensure its ability to service debt under all
circumstances: The stability of earnings that is inherent in our exclusively offering an essential service and a
diversityofearningsstreams,whichshielditfromtheactionsofanysingleregulatorybody.
Measured by ton-miles, rail moves 42% of America's inter-city freight, and BNSF moves more than
any other railroad -- about 37% of the industry total. A little math will tell you that about 15% of all inter-city
ton-miles of freight in the U.S. is transported by BNSF. It is no exaggeration to characterize railroads as the
circulatorysystemofoureconomy.Yourrailroadisthelargestartery.
Allofthisplacesahugeresponsibility onus.Wemust,withoutfail,maintainandimproveour23,000
ustohaveamplefinancialresourcesunderalleconomicscenariosandtohavethehumantalentthatcaninstantly
and effectively deal with the vicissitudes of nature, such as the widespread flooding BNSF labored under last
summer.
Tofulfillitssocietalobligation,BNSFregularlyinvestsfarmorethanitsdepreciationcharge,withthe
excess amounting to $1.8 billion in 2011. The three other major U.S. railroads are making similar outlays.
Though many people decry our country's inadequate infrastructure spending, that criticism cannot be levied
against the railroad industry. It is pouring money -- funds from the private sector -- into the investment projects
needed to provide better and more extensive service in the future. If railroads were not making these huge
expenditures, our country's publicly-financed highway system would face even greater congestion and
maintenanceproblemsthanexisttoday.
Massive investments of thesortthatBNSFismakingwouldbefoolish ifitcouldnotearnappropriate
returns on the incremental sums it commits. But I am confident it will do so because of the value it delivers.
Many years ago Ben Franklin counseled, "Keep thy shop, and thy shop will keep thee." Translating this to our
regulated businesses, he might today say, "Take care of your customer, and the regulator -- your customer's
representative -- willtakecareofyou."Goodbehaviorbyeachpartybegetsgoodbehaviorinreturn.

AtMidAmerican,weparticipateinasimilar"socialcompact."Weareexpectedtoputupever-increasing
sums to satisfy the future needs of our customers. If we meanwhile operate reliably and efficiently,
weknowthatwewillobtainafairreturnontheseinvestments.
MidAmerican, 89.8% owned by Berkshire, supplies 2.5 million customers in the U.S. with electricity,
operating as the largest supplier in Iowa, Utah and Wyoming and as an important provider in six other states as
well.Ourpipelinestransport8%ofthecountry'snaturalgas.Obviously,manymillionsofAmericansdependon
useveryday.Theyhaven'tbeendisappointed.
a pipeline was rated dead last, 43 out of 43, by the leading authority in the field. In the most recent report,
NorthernNaturalwasrankedsecond.Thetopspotwasheldbyourotherpipeline,KernRiver.
In its electric business, MidAmerican has a comparable record. In the most recent survey of customer
satisfaction, MidAmerican's U.S. utilities ranked second among 60 utility groups surveyed. The story was far
differentnotmanyyearsbackwhenMidAmericanacquiredtheseproperties.
than any other regulated electric utility in the country. The total amount that we have invested or committed to
wind is a staggering $6 billion. We can make this sort of investment because MidAmerican retains all of its
earnings,unlikeotherutilitiesthatgenerallypayoutmostofwhattheyearn.Inaddition,latelastyearwetookon
billiontoconstruct.Manymorewindandsolarprojectswillalmostcertainlyfollow.
As you can tell by now, I am proud of what has been accomplished for our society by Matt Rose at
BNSFandbyGregAbelatMidAmerican.Iamalsobothproudandgratefulforwhattheyhaveaccomplishedfor
Berkshireshareholders.Belowaretherelevantfigures:
MidAmerican Earnings(inmillions)
BNSF
In the book value recorded on our balance sheet, BNSF and MidAmerican carry substantial goodwill
components totaling $20 billion. In each instance, however, Charlie and I believe current intrinsic value is far
greaterthanbookvalue.

Manufacturing,ServiceandRetailingOperations
Our activities in this part of Berkshire cover the waterfront. Let's look, though, at a summary balance
sheetandearningsstatementfortheentiregroup.
Assets LiabilitiesandEquity
EarningsStatement(inmillions)
*Doesnotincludepurchase-accountingadjustments.
This group of companies sells products ranging from lollipops to jet airplanes. Some of the businesses
enjoy terrific economics, measured by earnings on unleveraged net tangible assets that run from 25% after-tax to
more than 100%. Others produce good returns in the area of 12-20%. A few, however, have very poor returns, a
resultofsomeseriousmistakesImadeinmyjobofcapitalallocation.TheseerrorscameaboutbecauseImisjudged
eitherthecompetitivestrengthofthebusinessbeingpurchasedorthefutureeconomicsoftheindustryinwhichit
operated. I try to look out ten or twenty years when making an acquisition, but sometimes my eyesight has been
poor.Charlie'shasbeenbetter;hevotednomorethan"present"onseveralofmyerrantpurchases.
Berkshire'snewershareholdersmaybepuzzledoverourdecisiontoholdontomymistakes.Afterall,
their earnings can never be consequential to Berkshire's valuation, and problem companies require more
managerialtimethanwinners.AnymanagementconsultantorWallStreetadvisorwouldlookatourlaggardsand
say"dumpthem."
That won't happen. For 29 years, we have regularly laid out Berkshire's economic principles in these
reports (pages 93-98) and Number 11 describes our general reluctance to sell poor performers (which, in most
cases,lagbecauseofindustryfactorsratherthanmanagerialshortcomings).OurapproachisfarfromDarwinian,
andmanyofyoumaydisapproveofit.Icanunderstandyourposition.However,wehavemade -- andcontinueto
make -- a commitment to the sellers of businesses webuythat wewill retain those businesses throughthickand
thin.Sofar,thedollarcostofthatcommitmenthasnotbeensubstantialandmaywellbeoffsetbythegoodwillit
builds among prospective sellers looking for the right permanent home for their treasured business and loyal
associates.Theseownersknowthatwhattheygetwithuscan'tbedeliveredbyothersandthatourcommitments
willbegoodformanydecadestocome.

Please understand, however, that Charlie and I are neither masochists nor Pollyannas. If either of the
strifeisendemic -- wewilltakepromptanddecisiveaction.Suchasituationhashappenedonlyacoupleoftimesin
The steady and substantial comeback in the U.S. economy since mid-2009 is clear from the earnings
shownat the front of this section. This compilation includes 54of our companies. Butone of these, Marmon, is
itself the owner of 140 operations in eleven distinct business sectors. In short, when you look at Berkshire, you
arelookingacrosscorporateAmerica.Solet'sdigalittledeepertogainagreaterinsightintowhathashappened
inthelastfewyears.
The four housing-related companies in this section (a group that excludes Clayton, which is carried
under Finance and Financial Products) had aggregate pre-tax earnings of $227 million in 2009, $362 million in
of the remaining 2011 earnings -- $4,387 million -- illustrates the comeback of much of America from the
devastation wrought by the 2008 financial panic. Though housing-related businesses remain in the emergency
room,mostotherbusinesseshaveleftthehospitalwiththeirhealthfullyrestored.
Almost all of our managers delivered outstanding performances last year, among them those managers
whorunhousing-relatedbusinessesandwerethereforefightinghurricane-forceheadwinds.Hereareafewexamples:
• VicMancinelliagainsetarecordatCTB,ouragriculturalequipmentoperation.WepurchasedCTBin
million pre-tax and has $109 million in cash. Vic has made a number of bolt-on acquisitions over the
years,includingameaningfulonehesignedupafteryearend.
• TTI, our electric components distributor, increased its sales to a record $2.1 billion, up 12.4% from
PaulAndrewsandhisassociateshavebeenbestingthemforyears.CharlieandIaredelightedthatPaul
• Iscar, our 80%-owned cutting-tools operation, continues to amaze us. Its sales growth and overall
performanceareuniqueinitsindustry.Iscar'smanagers -- EitanWertheimer,JacobHarpazandDanny
Goldman -- arebrilliantstrategistsandoperators.WhentheeconomicworldwascrateringinNovember
2008, they stepped up to buy Tungaloy, a leading Japanese cutting-tool manufacturer. Tungaloy
suffered significant damage when the tsunami hit north of Tokyo last spring. But you wouldn't know
that now: Tungaloy went on to set a sales record in 2011. I visited the Iwaki plant in November and
wasinspiredbythededicationandenthusiasmofTungaloy'smanagement,aswellasitsstaff.Theyare
awonderfulgroupanddeserveyouradmirationandthanks.
• McLane,ourhugedistributioncompanythatisrunbyGradyRosier,addedimportantnewcustomersin
2011andsetapre-tax earnings record of$370million. Sinceitspurchase in2003for$1.5billion,the
company has had pre-tax earnings of $2.4 billion and also increased its LIFO reserve by $230 million
because the prices of the retail products it distributes (candy, gum, cigarettes, etc.) have risen. Grady
runsalogisticalmachinesecondtonone.Youcanlookforbolt-onsatMcLane,particularlyinournew
wine-and-spiritsdistributionbusiness.

is a particularly impressive performance because the sale of new planes was slow during most of the
year. In December, however, there was an uptick that was more than seasonally normal. How
permanentitwillbeisuncertain.
A few years ago NetJets was my number one worry: Its costs were far out of line with revenues, and
cashwashemorrhaging.WithoutBerkshire'ssupport,NetJetswouldhavegonebroke.Theseproblems
arebehindus,andJordanisnowdeliveringsteadyprofitsfromawell-controlledandsmoothly-running
operation. NetJets is proceeding on a plan to enter China with some first-class partners, a move that
will widen our business "moat." No other fractional-ownership operator has remotely the size and
breadth of the NetJets operation, and none ever will. NetJets' unrelenting focus on safety and service
haspaidoffinthemarketplace.
• It's a joy to watch Marmon's progress under Frank Ptak's leadership. In addition to achieving internal
growth,Frankregularlymakesbolt-onacquisitionsthat,inaggregate,willmateriallyincreaseMarmon's
earningpower.(Hedidthree,costingabout$270million,inthelastfewmonths.)Jointventuresaround
the worldareanotheropportunityforMarmon.AtmidyearMarmonpartneredwiththeKundaliafamily
in an Indian crane operation that is already delivering substantial profits. This is Marmon's second
venturewiththefamily,followingasuccessfulwireandcablepartnershipinstitutedafewyearsago.
Of the eleven major sectors in which Marmon operates, ten delivered gains in earnings last year. You
canbeconfidentofhigherearningsfromMarmonintheyearsahead.
• "Buy commodities, sell brands" has long been a formula for business success. It has produced
enormous andsustained profits forCoca-Colasince1886andWrigley since1891.Onasmaller scale,
billion.Contrastthatfigurewithourpurchasepriceof$25millionandouryearendcarrying-value(net
of cash) of less than zero. (Yes, you read that right; capital employed at See's fluctuates seasonally,
hitting a low after Christmas.) Credit Brad Kinstler for taking the company to new heights since he
Butthat'snotthebignews.MoreimportantwasNFM'sacquisitionofa433-acretractnorthofDallas
on which we will build what is almost certain to be the highest-volume home-furnishings store in the
country.Currently,thattitleissharedbyourtwostoresinOmahaandKansasCity,eachofwhichhad
completed, butIlookforward tocutting theribbonattheopening.(AtBerkshire, themanagers dothe
work;Itakethebows.)
Our new store, which will offer an unequalled variety of merchandise sold at prices that can't be
matched,willbringhugecrowdsfromnearandfar.Thisdrawingpowerandourextensiveholdingsof
landatthesiteshouldenableustoattractanumberofothermajorstores.(Ifanyhigh-volumeretailers
arereadingthis,contactme.)
Our experience with NFM and the Blumkin family that runs it has been a real joy. The business was
built by Rose Blumkin (known to all as "Mrs. B"), who started the company in 1937 with $500 and a
dream. She sold me our interest when she was 89 and worked until she was 103. (After retiring, she
diedthenextyear,asequenceIpointouttoanyotherBerkshiremanagerwhoeventhinksofretiring.)
Mrs.B's son,Louie,now92, helpedhis mother build the business after he returned from World War II
and,alongwithhiswife,Fran,hasbeenmyfriendfor55years.Inturn,Louie'ssons,RonandIrv,have
takenthecompanytonewheights,firstopeningtheKansasCitystoreandnowgearingupforTexas.

The "boys" and I have had many great times together, and I count them among my best friends. The
Blumkins are a remarkable family. Never inclined to let an extraordinary gene pool go to waste, I am
rejoicingthesedaysbecauseseveralmembersofthefourthBlumkingenerationhavejoinedNFM.
Overall, the intrinsic value of the businesses in this Berkshire sector significantly exceeds their book
value.Formanyofthesmallercompanies,however,thisisnottrue.Ihavemademorethanmyshareofmistakes
buying small companies. Charlie long ago told me, "If something's not worth doing at all, it's not worth
doing well," and I should have listened harder. In any event, our large purchases have generally worked
well -- extraordinarilywellinafewcases -- andoverallthissectorisawinnerforus.
Certain shareholders have told me they hunger for more discussions of accounting arcana. Sohere's a
bitofGAAP-mandatednonsenseIhopebothofthemenjoy.
Common sense wouldtell youthat ourvaried subsidiaries shouldbecarried onourbooksattheir cost
plustheearningstheyhaveretainedsinceourpurchase(unlesstheireconomicvaluehasmateriallydecreased,in
whichcaseanappropriatewrite-downmustbetaken).Andthat'sessentiallytherealityatBerkshire -- exceptfor
theweirdsituationatMarmon.
Sofar,sogood.Then,inearly 2011,pursuant toouroriginalcontractwiththePritzkerfamily,wepurchasedan
additional 16%, paying $1.5 billion as called for by a formula that reflected Marmon's increased value. In this
instance, however, we were required to immediately write off $614 million of the purchase price retroactive to
the end of 2010. (Don't ask!) Obviously, this write-off had no connection to economic reality. The excess of
Marmon'sintrinsicvalueoveritscarryingvalueiswidenedbythismeaninglesswrite-down.
FinanceandFinancialProducts
This sector, our smallest, includes two rental companies, XTRA (trailers) and CORT (furniture), and
ClaytonHomes,thecountry'sleadingproducerandfinancerofmanufacturedhomes.Asidefromthese100%-owned
subsidiaries, we also include in this category a collection of financial assets and our 50% interest in Berkadia
CommercialMortgage.
It's instructive tolookatwhattranspired atourthree operating businesses after theeconomyfell offa
Results at our two leasing companies mirrored the "non-housing" economy. Their combined pre-tax
steady recovery we have seen in almost all of our non-housing businesses. In contrast, Clayton's world of
manufactured housing(just likesite-built housing) hasenduredaveritable depression, experiencing norecovery
to date. Manufactured housing sales in the nation were 49,789 homes in 2009, 50,046 in 2010 and 51,606 in
Despitethesedifficult times,Claytonhascontinuedtooperateprofitably,largelybecauseitsmortgage
portfolio has performed well under trying circumstances. Because we are the largest lender in the manufactured
homes sector and are also normally lending to lower-and-middle-income families, youmight expectustosuffer
heavy losses during a housing meltdown. But by sticking to old-fashioned loan policies -- meaningful down
payments and monthly payments with a sensible relationship to regular income -- Clayton has kept losses to
acceptablelevels.Ithasdonesoeventhoughmanyofourborrowershavehadnegativeequityforsometime.
As is well-known, the U.S. went off the rails in its home-ownership and mortgage-lending policies,
and for these mistakes our economy is now paying a huge price. All of us participated in the destructive
behavior -- government, lenders, borrowers, the media, rating agencies, you name it. At the core of the folly was
the almost universal belief that the value of houses was certain to increase over time and that any dips
would be inconsequential. The acceptance of this premise justified almost any price and practice in housing
transactions. Homeowners everywhere felt richer and rushed to "monetize" the increased value of their homes by
refinancings. These massive cash infusions fueled a consumption binge throughout our economy. It all seemed
great fun while it lasted. (A largely unnoted fact: Large numbers of people who have "lost" their house through
foreclosure have actually realized a profit because they carried out refinancings earlier that gave them cash in
excessoftheircost.Inthesecases,theevictedhomeownerwasthewinner,andthevictimwasthelender.)

In2007,thebubbleburst,justasallbubblesmust.Wearenowinthefourthyearofacurethat,though
longandpainful,issuretosucceed.Today,householdformationsareconsistentlyexceedinghousingstarts.
Clayton's earnings should improve materially when the nation's excess housing inventory is worked
off. As I see things today, however, I believe the intrinsic value of the three businesses in this sector does not
differmateriallyfromtheirbookvalue.
Investments
Percentageof
Shares Company Company Cost* Market
Owned
(inmillions)
*Thisisouractualpurchasepriceandalsoourtaxbasis;GAAP"cost"differsinafewcasesbecauseof
write-upsorwrite-downsthathavebeenrequired.
We made few changes in our investment holdings during 2011. But three moves were important: our
The banking industry is back on its feet, and Wells Fargo is prospering. Its earnings are strong, its
assets solid and its capital at record levels. At Bank of America, some huge mistakes were made by prior
management. Brian Moynihan has made excellent progress in cleaning these up, though the completion of that
process willtakeanumberofyears.Concurrently, heisnurturingahugeandattractive underlyingbusinessthat
will endure long after today's problems are forgotten. Our warrants to buy 700 million Bank of America shares
willlikelybeofgreatvaluebeforetheyexpire.
been reading the company's annual report for more than 50 years, but it wasn't until a Saturday in March last
yearthatmythinkingcrystallized.AsThoreausaid,"It'snotwhatyoulookatthatmatters,it'swhatyousee."
ToddCombsbuilta$1.75billionportfolio(atcost)lastyear,andTedWeschlerwillsooncreateoneof
partner's. When our quarterly filings report relatively small holdings, these are not likely to be buys I made
(thoughthemediaoftenoverlookthatpoint)butratherholdingsdenotingpurchasesbyToddorTed.

Oneadditionalpointaboutthesetwonewarrivals.BothTedandToddwillbehelpfultothenextCEO
ofBerkshireinmakingacquisitions.Theyhaveexcellent"businessminds"thatgrasptheeconomicforceslikely
to determine the future of a wide variety of businesses. They are aided in their thinking by an understanding of
whatispredictableandwhatisunknowable.
Thereislittlenewtoreportonourderivativespositions,whichwehavedescribedindetailinpastreports.
(Annual reports since 1977 are available at www.berkshirehathaway.com.) One important industry change,
however, must be noted: Though our existing contracts have very minor collateral requirements, the rules have
changed for new positions. Consequently, we will not be initiating any major derivatives positions. We shun
contracts of any type that could require the instant posting of collateral. The possibility of some sudden and huge
postingrequirement -- arisingfromanout-of-the-blueeventsuchasaworldwidefinancialpanicormassiveterrorist
attack -- isinconsistentwithourprimaryobjectivesofredundantliquidityandunquestionedfinancialstrength.
Ourinsurance-like derivatives contracts, wherebywepayifvariousissuesincludedinhigh-yieldbond
indicesdefault,arecomingtoaclose.Thecontractsthatmostexposedustolosseshavealreadyexpired,andthe
remainder will terminate soon. In 2011, we paid out $86 million on two losses, bringing our total payments to
wereceivedwere$3.4billion,andourfuturelossesareapttobeminor.Inaddition,wewillhaveaveragedabout
$2 billion of float over the five-year life of these contracts. This successful result during a time of great credit
stressunderscorestheimportanceofobtainingapremiumthatiscommensuratewiththerisk.
CharlieandIcontinuetobelievethatourequity-putpositionswillproduceasignificantprofit,considering
realizedoncontractsthatwerepurchased.Atyearend,Berkshire'sbookvaluereflectedaliabilityof$8.5billionfor
TheBasicChoicesforInvestorsandtheOneWeStronglyPrefer
Investing is often described as the process of laying out money now in the expectation of receiving
moremoneyinthefuture.AtBerkshirewetakeamoredemandingapproach,defininginvestingasthetransferto
othersofpurchasingpowernowwiththereasonedexpectationofreceivingmorepurchasingpower -- aftertaxes
have been paid on nominal gains -- in the future. More succinctly, investing is forgoing consumption now in
ordertohavetheabilitytoconsumemoreatalaterdate.
Fromourdefinitionthereflowsanimportantcorollary:Theriskinessofaninvestmentisnotmeasured
by beta (a Wall Street term encompassing volatility and often used in measuring risk) but rather by the
probability -- thereasonedprobability -- ofthatinvestmentcausingitsowneralossofpurchasing-poweroverhis
contemplatedholdingperiod.Assetscanfluctuategreatlyinpriceandnotberiskyaslongastheyarereasonably
certain to deliver increased purchasing power over their holding period. And as we will see, a non-fluctuating
assetcanbeladenwithrisk.
Investment possibilities are both many and varied. There are three major categories, however, and it's
importanttounderstandthecharacteristicsofeach.Solet'ssurveythefield.
• Investments that are denominated in a given currency include money-market funds, bonds, mortgages,
bankdeposits,andotherinstruments.Mostofthesecurrency-basedinvestmentsarethoughtofas"safe."
Intruththeyareamongthemostdangerousofassets.Theirbetamaybezero,buttheirriskishuge.
Over the past century these instruments have destroyed the purchasing power of investors in many
countries,evenastheholderscontinuedtoreceivetimelypaymentsofinterestandprincipal.Thisugly
result,moreover,willforeverrecur.Governmentsdeterminetheultimatevalueofmoney,andsystemic
forceswillsometimescausethemtogravitatetopoliciesthatproduceinflation.Fromtimetotimesuch
policiesspinoutofcontrol.
in value since 1965, when I took over management of Berkshire. It takes no less than $7today to buy
what$1didatthattime.Consequently,atax-freeinstitutionwouldhaveneeded4.3%interestannually
from bond investments over that period to simply maintain its purchasing power. Its managers would
havebeenkiddingthemselvesiftheythoughtofanyportionofthatinterestas"income."

For tax-paying investors like you and me, the picture has been far worse. During the same 47-year
period,continuousrollingofU.S.Treasurybillsproduced5.7%annually.Thatsoundssatisfactory.But
if an individual investor paid personal income taxes at a rate averaging 25%, this 5.7% return would
haveyieldednothinginthewayofrealincome.Thisinvestor'svisibleincometaxwouldhavestripped
4.3points.It'snoteworthythattheimplicitinflation"tax"wasmorethantripletheexplicitincometax
thatourinvestorprobablythoughtofashismainburden."InGodWeTrust"maybeimprintedonour
currency,butthehandthatactivatesourgovernment'sprintingpresshasbeenalltoohuman.
Highinterestrates,ofcourse,cancompensatepurchasersfortheinflationrisktheyfacewithcurrency-based
investments -- andindeed,ratesintheearly1980sdidthatjobnicely.Currentrates,however,donotcome
close to offsetting the purchasing-power risk that investors assume. Right now bonds should come with a
warninglabel.
Undertoday'sconditions,therefore,Idonotlikecurrency-basedinvestments.Evenso,Berkshireholds
significant amounts of them, primarily of the short-term variety. At Berkshire the need for ample
liquidity occupies center stage and will never be slighted, however inadequate rates may be.
Accommodating this need, we primarily hold U.S. Treasury bills, the only investment that can be
countedonforliquidityunderthemostchaoticofeconomicconditions.Ourworkinglevelforliquidity
Beyondtherequirements thatliquidityandregulators imposeonus,wewillpurchasecurrency-related
securities only if they offer the possibility of unusual gain -- either because a particular credit is
mispriced, as can occur in periodic junk-bond debacles, or because rates rise to a level that offers the
possibility of realizing substantial capital gains on high-grade bonds when rates fall. Though we've
such prospects. Today, a wry comment that Wall Streeter Shelby Cullom Davis made long ago seems
apt:"Bondspromotedasofferingrisk-freereturnsarenowpricedtodeliverreturn-freerisk."
• Thesecondmajorcategoryofinvestmentsinvolvesassetsthatwillneverproduceanything,butthatare
purchased in the buyer's hope that someone else -- who also knows that the assets will be forever
unproductive -- will pay more for them in the future. Tulips, of all things, briefly became a favorite of
This type of investment requires an expanding pool of buyers, who, in turn, are enticed because they
believe the buying pool will expand still further. Owners are not inspired by what the asset itself can
produce -- it will remain lifeless forever -- but rather by the belief that others will desire it even more
avidlyinthefuture.
Themajorassetinthiscategoryisgold,currentlyahugefavoriteofinvestorswhofearalmostallother
assets, especially paper money (of whosevalue, as noted, they are right to be fearful). Gold,however,
has two significant shortcomings, being neither of much use nor procreative. True, gold has some
industrial and decorative utility, but the demand for these purposes is both limited and incapable of
soaking up new production. Meanwhile, if you own one ounce of gold for an eternity, you will still
ownoneounceatitsend.
What motivates most gold purchasers is their belief that the ranks of the fearful will grow.During the
past decade that belief has proved correct. Beyond that, the rising price has on its own generated
additionalbuyingenthusiasm,attractingpurchaserswhoseetheriseasvalidatinganinvestmentthesis.
As"bandwagon"investorsjoinanyparty,theycreatetheirowntruth -- forawhile.
Over the past 15 years, both Internet stocks and houses have demonstrated the extraordinary excesses
thatcanbecreatedbycombininganinitiallysensiblethesiswithwell-publicizedrisingprices.Inthese
bubbles, an army of originally skeptical investors succumbed to the "proof" delivered by the market,
andthepoolofbuyers -- foratime -- expandedsufficientlytokeepthebandwagonrolling.Butbubbles
blownlargeenoughinevitablypop.Andthentheoldproverbisconfirmedonceagain:"Whatthewise
mandoesinthebeginning,thefooldoesintheend."

Today the world's gold stock is about 170,000 metric tons. If all of this gold were melded together, it
$1,750perounce -- gold'spriceasIwritethis -- itsvaluewouldbe$9.6trillion.CallthiscubepileA.
Let's now create a pile B costing an equal amount. For that, we could buy all U.S. cropland (400
million acres with output of about $200 billion annually), plus 16 Exxon Mobils (the world's most
profitable company, one earning more than $40 billion annually). After these purchases, we would
have about $1 trillion left over for walking-around money (no sense feeling strapped after this buying
Beyond the staggering valuation given the existing stock of gold, current prices make today's annual
production of gold command about $160 billion. Buyers -- whether jewelry and industrial users,
frightened individuals, or speculators -- must continually absorb this additional supply to merely
maintainanequilibriumatpresentprices.
wheat, cotton, and other crops -- and will continue to produce that valuable bounty, whatever the
currency may be. Exxon Mobil will probably have delivered trillions of dollars in dividends to its
owners and will also hold assets worth many more trillions (and, remember, you get 16 Exxons). The
170,000 tons of gold will be unchanged in size and still incapable of producing anything. You can
fondlethecube,butitwillnotrespond.
Admittedly, when people a century from now are fearful, it's likely many will still rush to gold. I'm
aratefarinferiortothatachievedbypileB.
• Our first two categories enjoy maximum popularity at peaks of fear: Terror over economic collapse
drives individuals to currency-based assets, most particularly U.S. obligations, and fear of currency
collapse fosters movement to sterile assets such as gold. We heard "cash is king" in late 2008, just
whencashshouldhavebeendeployedratherthanheld.Similarly,weheard"cashistrash"intheearly
1980s just when fixed-dollar investments were at their most attractive level in memory. On those
occasions,investorswhorequiredasupportivecrowdpaiddearlyforthatcomfort.
My ownpreference -- and you knewthiswascoming -- isourthird category: investment inproductive
assets, whether businesses, farms, or real estate. Ideally, these assets should have the ability in
inflationary times to deliver output that will retain its purchasing-power value while requiring a
minimum ofnewcapital investment. Farms,realestate,andmanybusinessessuchasCoca-Cola,IBM
and our own See's Candy meet that double-barreled test. Certain other companies -- think of our
regulatedutilities,forexample -- failitbecauseinflationplacesheavycapitalrequirementsonthem.To
earn more, their owners must invest more. Even so, these investments will remain superior to
nonproductiveorcurrency-basedassets.
Whether the currency a century from now is based on gold, seashells, shark teeth, or a piece of paper
(astoday),peoplewillbewilling toexchangeacoupleofminutes oftheirdailylaborforaCoca-Cola
or some See's peanut brittle. In the future the U.S. population will move more goods, consume more
food,andrequire morelivingspacethanitdoesnow.Peoplewillforeverexchangewhattheyproduce
forwhatothersproduce.
Our country's businesses will continue to efficiently deliver goods and services wanted by our citizens.
Metaphorically,thesecommercial"cows"willliveforcenturiesandgiveevergreaterquantitiesof"milk"
to boot. Their value will be determined not by the medium of exchange but rather by their capacity to
deliver milk. Proceeds from the sale of the milk will compound for the ownersofthecows,justasthey
did during the 20th century when the Dow increased from 66 to 11,497 (and paid loads of dividends as
well).Berkshire'sgoalwillbetoincreaseitsownershipoffirst-classbusinesses.Ourfirstchoicewillbe
to own them in their entirety -- but we will also be owners by way of holding sizable amounts of
marketablestocks.Ibelievethatoveranyextendedperiodoftimethiscategoryofinvestingwillproveto
betherunawaywinneramongthethreewe'veexamined.Moreimportant,itwillbebyfarthesafest.

TheAnnualMeeting
The annual meeting will be held on Saturday, May 5th at the CenturyLink Center (renamed from
"Qwest"). Last year, Carrie Kizer debuted as the ringmaster and earned a lifetime assignment. Everyone loved
thejobshedid -- especiallyme.
Late last year, Berkshire purchased the Omaha World-Herald and, in my meeting with its shareholder-employees,
I immediately saw skepticism in the eyes of the audience. That was no surprise to me. After all, the
reporters' mantra is: "If your mother says she loves you, check it out." So now I have to back up my claim. At
the meeting, I will take on all comers in making 35-foot tosses of the World-Herald to a Clayton porch. Any
challengerwhosepaperlandsclosertothedoorstepthanminewillreceiveadillybar.I'veaskedDairyQueento
supplyseveralforthecontest,thoughIdoubtthatanywillbeneeded.Wewillhavealargestackofpapers.Grab
one.Foldit(norubberbands).Takeyourbestshot.Makemyday.
At 8:30, a new Berkshire movie will be shown. An hour later, we will start the question-and-answer
period, which (with a break for lunch at the CenturyLink's stands) will last until 3:30. After a short recess,
Charlie and I will convene the annual meeting at 3:45. If you decide to leave during the day's question periods,
pleasedosowhileCharlieistalking.
Thebestreasontoexit,ofcourse,istoshop.Wewillhelpyoudosobyfillingthe194,300-square-foot
hall that adjoins the meeting area with products from dozens of Berkshire subsidiaries. Last year, you did your
pounds of See's candy, 8,000 Quikut knives (that's 15 knives per minute) and 6,126 pairs of Wells Lamont
gloves,aMarmonproductwhoseveryexistencewasnewstome.(TheproductIfocusonismoney.)Butyoucan
dobetter.Remember:Anyonewhosaysmoneycan'tbuyhappinesssimplyhasn'tshoppedatourmeeting.
Among the new exhibitors this year will be Brooks, our running-shoe company. Brooks has been
by and congratulate Jim Weber, the company's CEO. And be sure to buy a couple of pairs of limited edition
"BerkshireHathawayRunningShoes."
GEICO will have a booth staffed by a number of its top counselors from around the country, all of
them ready to supply you with auto insurance quotes. In most cases, GEICO will be able to give you a
shareholder discount (usually 8%). This special offer is permitted by 44 of the 51 jurisdictions in which we
operate. (One supplemental point: The discount is not additive if you qualify for another, such as that given
certain groups.)Bringthedetails ofyourexisting insurance andcheckoutwhetherwecansaveyoumoney.For
atleasthalfofyou,Ibelievewecan.
ones.IrecommendMiTek,aninformativehistoryofoneofourverysuccessfulsubsidiaries.You'lllearnhowmy
interestinthecompanywasoriginallypiquedbymyreceivinginthemailahunkofuglymetalwhosepurposeI
couldn't fathom. SinceweboughtMiTekin2001,ithasmade33"tuck-in" acquisitions, almost allsuccessful. I
think you'll also like a short book that Peter Bevelin has put together explaining Berkshire's investment and
operating principles. It sums up what Charlie and I have been saying over the years in annual reports and at
annualmeetings.Shouldyouneedtoshipyourbookpurchases,ashippingservicewillbeavailablenearby.
Ifyouareabigspender -- oraspiretobecomeone -- visitElliottAviationontheeastsideoftheOmaha
pulseracing.Comebybus;leavebyprivatejet.I'llOKyourcredit.
An attachment to the proxy material that is enclosed with this report explains how you can obtain the
credentialyouwillneedforadmissiontothemeetingandotherevents.Airlineshavesometimesjackedupprices
for the Berkshire weekend. If you are coming from far away, compare the cost of flying to Kansas City versus
particularlyifyouhadplannedtorentacarinOmaha.Spendthesavingswithus.

At Nebraska Furniture Mart, located on a 77-acre site on 72nd Street between Dodge and Pacific, we
will again be having "Berkshire Weekend" discount pricing. Last year the store did $32.7 million of business
during its annual meeting sale, a volume that exceeds the yearly sales of most furniture stores. To obtain the
Berkshire discount, you must make your purchases between Tuesday, May 1st and Monday, May 7th inclusive,
and also present your meeting credential. Theperiod's special pricing will even apply to the products of several
prestigious manufacturers that normally have ironclad rules against discounting but which, in the spirit of
our shareholder weekend, have made an exception for you. We appreciate their cooperation. NFM is open
At Borsheims, we will again have two shareholder-only events. The first will be a cocktail reception
from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. on Friday, May 4th. The second, the main gala, will be held on Sunday, May 6th, from
9 a.m. to 4 p.m. On Saturday, we will be open until 6 p.m. On Sunday, around 2 p.m., I will be clerking at
Borsheims, desperate to beat my sales figure from last year. So come take advantage of me. Ask me for my
"CrazyWarren"price.
We will have huge crowds at Borsheims throughout the weekend. For your convenience, therefore,
shareholder prices will be available from Monday, April 30th through Saturday, May 12th. During that period,
please identify yourself as a shareholder by presenting your meeting credentials or a brokerage statement that
showsyouareaBerkshireholder.
OnSunday,inthemalloutsideofBorsheims,ablindfoldedPatrickWolff,twiceU.S.chesschampion,
will take on all comers -- who will have their eyes wide open -- in groups of six. Nearby, Norman Beck, a
remarkablemagicianfromDallas,willbewilderonlookers.Additionally,wewillhaveBobHammanandSharon
Osberg, two of the world's top bridge experts, available to play bridge with our shareholders on Sunday
afternoon.Twonon-experts -- CharlieandI -- willalsobeatthetables.
Gorat's and Piccolo's will again be open exclusively for Berkshire shareholders on Sunday, May 6th.
Both will be serving until 10 p.m., with Gorat's opening at 1 p.m. and Piccolo's opening at 4 p.m. These
restaurantsaremyfavorites,andIwilleatatbothofthemonSundayevening.(ActuarialtablestellmethatIcan
(but not before) and at Piccolo's, call 402-342-9038. At Piccolo's, show some class and order a giant root beer
floatfordessert.Onlysissiesgetthesmallone.
We will again have the same three financial journalists lead the question-and-answer period at the
meeting, asking Charlie and me questions that shareholders have submitted to them by e-mail. The journalists
and their e-mail addresses are: Carol Loomis, of Fortune, who may be e-mailed at cloomis@fortunemail.com;
Becky Quick, of CNBC,at BerkshireQuestions@cnbc.com, and Andrew Ross Sorkin, of The New York Times,
atarsorkin@nytimes.com.
From the questions submitted, each journalist will choose the dozen or so he or she decides are the
mostinteresting andimportant. Thejournalists havetoldmeyourquestionhasthebestchanceofbeingselected
ifyoukeepitconcise,avoidsendingitinatthelastmoment,makeitBerkshire-relatedandincludenomorethan
twoquestionsinanye-mail yousendthem.(Inyoure-mail,letthejournalistknowifyouwouldlikeyourname
mentionedifyourquestionisselected.)
ThisyearweareaddingasecondpanelofthreefinancialanalystswhofollowBerkshire.TheyareCliff
Gallant of KBW, Jay Gelb of Barclays Capital and Gary Ransom of Dowling and Partners. These analysts will
bringtheirownBerkshire-specificquestionsandalternatewiththejournalistsandtheaudience.
CharlieandIbelievethatallshareholdersshouldhaveaccesstonewBerkshireinformationsimultaneously
andshouldalsohaveadequatetimetoanalyzeit,whichiswhywetrytoissuefinancialinformationafterthemarket
close on a Friday. We do not talk one-on-one to large institutional investors or analysts. Our new panel will let
analystsaskquestions -- perhapsevenafewtechnicalones -- inamannerthatmaybehelpfultomanyshareholders.

Neither Charlie nor I will get so much as a clue about the questions to be asked. We know the
journalists andanalysts willcomeupwithsometoughones,andthat'sthewaywelikeit.Alltold,weexpectat
someextratime,wewilltakemorefromtheaudience.Audiencequestionerswillbedeterminedbydrawingsthat
For good reason, I regularly extol the accomplishments of our operating managers. They are truly
All-Stars,whoruntheirbusinessesasiftheyweretheonlyassetownedbytheirfamilies.Ibelievetheirmindset
to be as shareholder-oriented as can be found in the universe of large publicly-owned companies. Most have no
financialneedtowork;thejoyofhittingbusiness"homeruns"meansasmuchtothemastheirpaycheck.
ononefloor,whichisthewayweintendtokeepit!).
This group efficiently deals with a multitude of SEC and other regulatory requirements and files a
17,839-page Federal income tax return -- hello, Guinness! -- as well as state and foreign returns. Additionally,
they respond to countless shareholder and media inquiries, get out the annual report, prepare for the country's
largestannualmeeting,coordinatetheBoard'sactivities -- andthelistgoesonandon.
Theyhandleallofthesebusinesstaskscheerfullyandwithunbelievableefficiency,makingmylifeeasy
ofrequeststhatIreceive,arrangemytravel,andevengetmehamburgersforlunch.NoCEOhasitbetter.
This home office crew, along with our operating managers, has my deepest thanks anddeserves yours
ChairmanoftheBoard