AnnualPercentageChange
MarketValueof withDividends
Year Berkshire Included

BERKSHIREHATHAWAYINC.
TotheShareholdersofBerkshireHathawayInc.:
Berkshire earned $81.4 billion in 2019 according to generally accepted accounting principles (commonly
called "GAAP"). The components of that figure are $24 billion of operating earnings, $3.7 billion of realized capital
gains and a $53.7 billion gain from an increase in the amount of net unrealized capital gains that exist in the stocks
wehold.Eachofthosecomponentsofearningsisstatedonanafter-taxbasis.
That $53.7 billion gain requires comment. It resulted from a new GAAPrule, imposed in 2018, that requires
a company holding equity securities to include in earnings the net change in the unrealized gains and losses of those
securities. As we stated in last year's letter, neither Charlie Munger, my partner in managing Berkshire, nor I agree
withthatrule.
The adoption of the rule by the accounting profession, in fact, was a monumental shift in its own thinking.
Before 2018, GAAP insisted -- with an exception for companies whose business was to trade securities -- that
unrealized gains within a portfolio of stocks were never to be included in earnings and unrealized losses were to be
included only if they were deemed "other than temporary." Now, Berkshire must enshrine in each quarter's bottom
line -- akeyitemofnewsformanyinvestors,analystsandcommentators -- everyupanddownmovementofthestocks
itowns,howevercapriciousthosefluctuationsmaybe.
year for the stock market, our net unrealized gains decreased by $20.6 billion, and we therefore reported GAAP
earnings of only $4 billion. In 2019, rising stock prices increased net unrealized gains by the aforementioned $53.7
billion, pushing GAAP earnings to the $81.4 billion reported at the beginning of this letter. Those market gyrations
Meanwhile, inwhatwemight call thereal world,asopposedtoaccounting-land, Berkshire's equityholdings
averaged about $200 billion during the two years, and the intrinsic value of the stocks we own grew steadily and
substantiallythroughouttheperiod.
Charlie and I urge you to focus on operating earnings -- which were little changed in 2019 -- and to ignore
bothquarterlyandannualgainsorlossesfrominvestments,whetherthesearerealizedorunrealized.
Our advising that in no way diminishes the importance of these investments to Berkshire. Over time, Charlie
and I expect our equity holdings -- as a group -- to deliver major gains, albeit in an unpredictable and highly irregular
manner.Toseewhyweareoptimistic,moveontothenextdiscussion.
ThePowerofRetainedEarnings
In 1924, Edgar Lawrence Smith, an obscure economist and financial advisor, wrote CommonStocks as Long
Term Investments, a slim book that changed the investment world. Indeed, writing the book changed Smith himself,
forcinghimtoreassesshisowninvestmentbeliefs.
Going in, he planned to argue that stocks would perform better than bonds during inflationary periods and
that bonds would deliver superior returns during deflationary times. That seemed sensible enough. But Smith was in
forashock.

His book began, therefore, with a confession: "These studies are the record of a failure -- the failure of facts
to sustain a preconceived theory." Luckily for investors, that failure led Smith to think more deeply about howstocks
shouldbeevaluated.
For the crux of Smith's insight, I will quote an early reviewer of his book, none other than John Maynard
Keynes: "I have kept until last what is perhaps Mr. Smith's most important, and is certainly his most novel, point.
Well-managed industrial companies do not, as a rule, distribute to the shareholders the whole of their earned profits.
In good years, if not in all years, they retain a part of their profits and put them back into the business. Thus there is
an element of compound interest (Keynes' italics) operating in favour of a sound industrial investment. Over a period
of years, the real value of the property of a sound industrial is increasing at compound interest, quite apart from the
dividendspaidouttotheshareholders."
Andwiththatsprinklingofholywater,Smithwasnolongerobscure.
It's difficult to understand why retained earnings were unappreciated by investors before Smith's book was
published. After all, it was no secret that mind-boggling wealth had earlier been amassed by such titans as Carnegie,
Rockefeller and Ford, all of whom had retained a huge portion of their business earnings to fund growth and produce
ever-greater profits. Throughout America, also, there had long been small-time capitalists who became rich following
thesameplaybook.
Nevertheless, when business ownership was sliced into small pieces -- "stocks" -- buyers in the pre-Smith
years usually thought of their shares as a short-term gamble on market movements. Even at their best, stocks were
consideredspeculations.Gentlemenpreferredbonds.
Though investors were slow to wise up, the math of retaining and reinvesting earnings is now well
understood. Today, school children learn what Keynes termed "novel": combining savings with compound interest
workswonders.
At Berkshire, Charlie and I have long focused on using retained earnings advantageously. Sometimes this
job has been easy -- at other times, more than difficult, particularly when we began working with huge and ever-
growingsumsofmoney.
In our deployment of the funds we retain, we first seek to invest in the many and diverse businesses we
already own. During the past decade, Berkshire's depreciation charges have aggregated $65 billion whereas the
company's internal investments in property, plant and equipment have totaled $121 billion. Reinvestment in
productiveoperationalassetswillforeverremainourtoppriority.
In addition, we constantly seek to buy new businesses that meet three criteria. First, they must earn good
returns on the net tangible capital required in their operation. Second, they must be run by able and honest managers.
Finally,theymustbeavailableatasensibleprice.
Whenwespotsuchbusinesses,ourpreference wouldbetobuy100%ofthem.Buttheopportunities tomake
major acquisitions possessing our required attributes are rare. Far more often, a fickle stock market serves up
opportunitiesforustobuylarge,butnon-controlling,positionsinpublicly-tradedcompaniesthatmeetourstandards.
Whicheverwaywego -- controlledcompaniesoronlyamajorstakebywayofthestockmarket -- Berkshire's
financial results from the commitment will in large part be determined bythe future earnings of the business wehave
purchased. Nonetheless, there is between the two investment approaches a hugely important accounting difference,
essentialforyoutounderstand.

In our controlled companies, (defined as those in which Berkshire owns more than 50% of the shares), the
earnings of each business flow directly into the operating earnings that we report to you. What you see is what you
get.
In the non-controlled companies, in which we own marketable stocks, only the dividends that Berkshire
receives are recorded in the operating earnings we report. The retained earnings? They're working hard and creating
muchaddedvalue,butnotinawaythatdepositsthosegainsdirectlyintoBerkshire'sreportedearnings.
At almost all major companies other than Berkshire, investors would not find what we'll call this "non-
recognition of earnings" important. For us, however, it is a standout omission, of a magnitude that we lay out for you
below.
that are reported to you under GAAPaccounting -- these are the dividends Berkshire receives from those 10investees
-- and our share, so to speak, of the earnings the investees retain and put to work. Normally, those companies use
retainedearningstoexpandtheirbusinessandincreaseitsefficiency.Orsometimestheyusethosefundstorepurchase
significantportionsoftheirownstock,anactthatenlargesBerkshire'sshareofthecompany'sfutureearnings.
Berkshire'sShare(inmillions)
Yearend
Company Ownership Dividends(1) RetainedEarnings(2)
Obviously, the realized gains we will eventually record from partially owning each of these companies will
not neatly correspond to "our" share of their retained earnings. Sometimes, alas, retentions produce nothing. But both
logicandourpastexperienceindicatethatfromthegroupwewillrealizecapitalgainsatleastequalto -- andprobably
betterthan -- theearningsofoursthattheyretained.(Whenwesellsharesandrealizegains,wewillpayincometaxon
It is certain that Berkshire's rewards from these 10 companies, as well as those from our many other equity
holdings, will manifest themselves in a highly irregular manner. Periodically, there will be losses, sometimes
company-specific, sometimes linked to stock-market swoons. At other times -- last year was one of those -- our gain
willbeoutsized. Overall, theretained earnings ofourinvestees arecertain tobeofmajorimportance inthegrowthof
Berkshire'svalue.
Mr.Smithgotitright.

Non-InsuranceOperations
Tom Murphy, a valued director of Berkshire and an all-time great among business managers, long ago gave
me some important advice about acquisitions: "Toachieve a reputation as a goodmanager, just besureyoubuygood
businesses."
Over the years Berkshire has acquired many dozens of companies, all of which I initially regarded as "good
businesses." Some, however, proved disappointing; more than a fewwereoutright disasters. Areasonable number,on
theotherhand,haveexceededmyhopes.
Inreviewingmyunevenrecord,I'veconcludedthatacquisitionsaresimilartomarriage:Theystart,ofcourse,
with a joyful wedding -- but then reality tends to diverge from pre-nuptial expectations. Sometimes, wonderfully, the
new union delivers bliss beyond either party's hopes. In other cases, disillusionment is swift. Applying those images
to corporate acquisitions, I'd have to say it is usually the buyer who encounters unpleasant surprises. It's easy to get
dreamy-eyedduringcorporatecourtships.
Pursuing that analogy, I would say that our marital record remains largely acceptable, with all parties happy
with the decisions they made long ago. Some of our tie-ups have been positively idyllic. A meaningful number,
however,havecausedmealltooquicklytowonderwhatIwasthinkingwhenIproposed.
Fortunately, the fallout from many of my errors has been reduced by a characteristic shared by most
businessesthatdisappoint:Astheyearspass,the"poor"businesstendstostagnate,thereuponenteringastateinwhich
its operations require an ever-smaller percentage of Berkshire's capital. Meanwhile, our "good" businesses often tend
to grow and find opportunities for investing additional capital at attractive rates. Because of these contrasting
trajectories,theassetsemployedatBerkshire'swinnersgraduallybecomeanexpandingportionofourtotalcapital.
As an extreme example of those financial movements, witness Berkshire's original textile business. When
For some time, therefore, Berkshire's non-earning textile assets were a huge drag on our overall returns. Eventually,
though, we acquired a spread of "good" businesses, a shift that by the early 1980s caused the dwindling textile
operationtoemployonlyatinyportionofourcapital.
Today,wehavemostofyourmoneydeployedincontrolledbusinessesthatachievegood-to-excellent returns
onthenettangibleassetseachrequiresforitsoperations.Ourinsurancebusinesshasbeenthesuperstar.Thatoperation
has special characteristics that give it a unique metric for calibrating success, one unfamiliar to many investors. We
willsavethatdiscussionforthenextsection.
In the paragraphs that follow, wegroup our wide array ofnon-insurance businesses bysizeofearnings, after
interest, depreciation, taxes, non-cash compensation, restructuring charges -- all of those pesky, but very real, costs
that CEOs and Wall Street sometimes urge investors to ignore. Additional information about these operations can be
Our BNSF railroad and Berkshire Hathaway Energy ("BHE") -- the two lead dogs of Berkshire's non-
insurance group -- earned a combined $8.3 billion in 2019 (including only our 91% share of BHE), an increase of 6%
Our next five non-insurance subsidiaries, as ranked by earnings (but presented here alphabetically), Clayton
Homes, International Metalworking, Lubrizol, Marmon and Precision Castparts, had aggregate earnings in 2019 of
The next five, similarly ranked and listed (Berkshire Hathaway Automotive, Johns Manville, NetJets, Shaw

The remaining non-insurance businesses that Berkshire owns -- and there are many -- had aggregate earnings
Our total net income in 2019 from the non-insurance businesses we control amounted to $17.7 billion, an
ontheseresults.
I must add one final item that underscores the wide scope of Berkshire's operations. Since 2011, we have
ownedLubrizol,anOhio-basedcompanythatproducesandmarketsoiladditivesthroughouttheworld.OnSeptember
The result was significant property damage and a major disruption in Lubrizol's business. Even so, both the
company's property loss and business-interruption loss will be mitigated by substantial insurance recoveries that
Lubrizolwillreceive.
But,asthelatePaulHarveywasgiventosayinginhisfamedradiobroadcasts,"Here'stherestofthestory."
OneofthelargestinsurersofLubrizolwasacompanyownedby...uh,Berkshire.
In Matthew 6:3, the Bible instructs us to "Let not the left hand know what the right hand doeth." Your
chairmanhasclearlybehavedasordered.
Property/CasualtyInsurance
Our property/casualty ("P/C") insurance business has been the engine propelling Berkshire's growth since
1967, the year we acquired National Indemnity and its sister company, National Fire & Marine, for $8.6 million.
Today,National Indemnity is the largest P/Ccompany in the worldasmeasured bynetworth.Insurance isabusiness
ofpromises,andBerkshire'sabilitytohonoritscommitmentsisunmatched.
One reason we were attracted to the P/C business was the industry's business model: P/C insurers receive
premiums upfront and pay claims later. In extreme cases, such as claims arising from exposure to asbestos, or severe
workplaceaccidents,paymentscanstretchovermanydecades.
This collect-now, pay-later model leaves P/C companies holding large sums -- money we call "float" -- that
will eventually go to others. Meanwhile, insurers get to invest this float for their own benefit. Though individual
policies and claims come and go, the amount of float an insurer holds usually remains fairly stable in relation to
premium volume. Consequently, as our business grows, so does our float. And how it has grown, as the following
tableshows:
Year Float(inmillions)
We may in time experience a decline in float. If so, the decline will be very gradual -- at the outside nomore
than 3% in any year. The nature of our insurance contracts is such that wecanneverbesubject toimmediate ornear-
term demands for sums that are of significance to our cash resources. That structure is by design and is a key
componentintheunequaledfinancialstrengthofourinsurancecompanies.Thatstrengthwillneverbecompromised.

If our premiums exceed the total of our expenses and eventual losses, our insurance operation registers an
underwriting profit that adds to the investment income the float produces. When such a profit is earned, we enjoy the
useoffreemoney -- and,betteryet,getpaidforholdingit.
FortheP/Cindustryasawhole,thefinancialvalueoffloatisnowfarlessthanitwasformanyyears.That's
because the standard investment strategy for almost all P/C companies is heavily -- and properly -- skewed toward
high-gradebonds.Changesininterestratesthereforematterenormouslytothesecompanies,andduringthelastdecade
thebondmarkethasofferedpatheticallylowrates.
Consequently, insurers suffered, as year by year they were forced -- by maturities or issuer-call provisions -- 
torecycletheir"old"investmentportfoliosintonewholdingsprovidingmuchloweryields.Whereoncetheseinsurers
could safely earn 5 cents or 6 cents on each dollar of float, they now take in only 2 cents or 3 cents (or even less if
theiroperationsareconcentratedincountriesmiredinthenever-neverlandofnegativerates).
Some insurers may try to mitigate their loss of revenue by buying lower-quality bonds or non-liquid
"alternative" investments promising higher yields. But those are dangerous games and activities that most institutions
areill-equippedtoplay.
Berkshire's situation is more favorable than that of insurers in general. Most important, our unrivaled
mountain of capital, abundance of cash and a huge and diverse stream of non-insurance earnings allow us far more
investment flexibility than is generally available to other companies in the industry. The many choices open to us are
alwaysadvantageous -- andsometimeshavepresenteduswithmajoropportunities.
Our P/C companies have meanwhile had an excellent underwriting record. Berkshire has now operated at an
underwriting profit for 16 of the last 17 years, the exception being 2017, when our pre-tax loss was a whopping $3.2
billion.Fortheentire17-yearspan,ourpre-taxgaintotaled$27.5billion,ofwhich$400millionwasrecordedin2019.
That record is no accident: Disciplined risk evaluation is the daily focus of our insurance managers, who
knowthattherewardsoffloatcanbedrownedbypoorunderwritingresults.Allinsurersgivethatmessagelipservice.
AtBerkshireitisareligion,OldTestamentstyle.
As I have repeatedly done in the past, I will emphasize now that happy outcomes in insurance are far from a
Mistakes in assessing insurance risks can be huge and can take many years -- even decades -- to surface and
ripen. (Think asbestos.) A major catastrophe that will dwarf hurricanes Katrina and Michael will occur -- perhaps
tomorrow, perhaps many decades from now. "The Big One" may come from a traditional source, such as wind or
earthquake,oritmaybeatotalsurpriseinvolving,say,acyberattackhavingdisastrousconsequencesbeyondanything
insurers now contemplate. When such a mega-catastrophe strikes, Berkshire will get its share of the losses and they
will be big -- very big. Unlike many other insurers, however, handling the loss will not come close to straining our
resources,andwewillbeeagertoaddtoourbusinessthenextday.
Close your eyes for a moment and try to envision a locale that might spawn a dynamic P/C insurer. New
York?London?SiliconValley?
HowaboutWilkes-Barre?

Late in 2012, Ajit Jain, the invaluable manager of our insurance operations, called to tell me that he was
buyingatinycompany -- GUARDInsurance Group -- inthatsmallPennsylvaniacityfor$221million(roughlyitsnet
worth at the time). He added that Sy Foguel, GUARD'sCEO,was going to be a star at Berkshire. Both GUARDand
Sywerenewnamestome.
Bingo and bingo: In 2019, GUARD had premium volume of $1.9 billion, up 379% since 2012, and also
delivered a satisfactory underwriting profit. Since joining Berkshire, Sy has led the company into both new products
In 1967, Omaha seemed an unlikely launching pad for a P/C giant. Wilkes-Barre may well deliver a similar
surprise.
BerkshireHathawayEnergy
Berkshire Hathaway Energy is now celebrating its 20th year under our ownership. That anniversary suggests
thatweshouldbecatchingupwiththecompany'saccomplishments.
We'll start withthetopicofelectricity rates. WhenBerkshire entered theutilitybusinessin2000,purchasing
76% of BHE, the company's residential customers in Iowa paid an average of 8.8 cents per kilowatt-hour (kWh).
Prices for residential customers have since risen lessthan1%ayear,andwehavepromised thatthere willbenobase
rate price increases through2028.Incontrast, here's whatishappeningattheotherlarge investor-owned Iowautility:
Last year, the rates it charged its residential customers were 61% higher than BHE's. Recently, that utility received a
The extraordinary differential between our rates and theirs is largely the result of our huge accomplishments
in converting wind into electricity. In 2021, we expect BHE's operation to generate about 25.2 million megawatt-hours
of electricity (MWh) in Iowa from wind turbines that it both owns and operates. That output will totally cover the
windself-sufficiencyinthestateofIowa.
In still another contrast, that other Iowa utility generates less than10%ofits powerfrom wind.Furthermore,
we know of no other investor-owned utility, wherever located, that by 2021 will have achieved a position of wind
self-sufficiency. In 2000, BHE was serving an agricultural-based economy; today, three of its five largest customers
are high-tech giants. I believe their decisions to site plants in Iowa were in part based upon BHE's ability to deliver
renewable,low-costenergy.
Of course, wind is intermittent, and our blades in Iowa turn only part of the time. In certain periods, when
the air is still, we look to our non-wind generating capacity to secure the electricity we need. At opposite times, we
selltheexcesspowerthatwindprovidesustootherutilities,servingthemthroughwhat'scalled"thegrid."Thepower
wesellthemsupplantstheirneedforacarbonresource -- coal,say,ornaturalgas.
Berkshire Hathaway now owns 91% of BHE in partnership with Walter Scott, Jr. and Greg Abel. BHE has
never paid Berkshire Hathaway a dividend since our purchase and has, as the years have passed, retained $28 billion
of earnings. That pattern is an outlier in the world of utilities, whose companies customarily pay big dividends -- 
sometimesreaching,orevenexceeding,80%ofearnings.Ourview:Themorewecaninvest,themorewelikeit.
Today, BHE has the operating talent and experience to manage truly huge utility projects -- requiring
investments of $100 billion or more -- that could support infrastructure benefitting our country, our communities and
ourshareholders.Westandready,willingandabletotakeonsuchopportunities.

Investments
Belowwelistourfifteencommonstockinvestmentsthatatyearendhadthelargestmarketvalue.Weexclude
our Kraft Heinz holding -- 325,442,152 shares -- because Berkshire is part of a control group and therefore must
account for this investment onthe "equity" method. Onits balance sheet,Berkshire carries theKraftHeinzholdingat
a GAAP figure of $13.8 billion, an amount that represents Berkshire's share of the audited net worth of Kraft Heinz
Percentageof
Company
Shares* Company Owned Cost** Market
(inmillions)
* ExcludessharesheldbypensionfundsofBerkshiresubsidiaries.
** Thisisouractualpurchasepriceandalsoourtaxbasis.
*** Includes $10 billion investment in Occidental Petroleum Corporation consisting of preferred stock and
warrantstobuycommonstock.
Charlie and I do not view the $248billion detailed above as a collection of stock market wagers -- dalliances
to be terminated because of downgrades by "the Street," an earnings "miss," expected Federal Reserve actions,
possiblepoliticaldevelopments,forecastsbyeconomistsorwhateverelsemightbethesubjectdujour.
Whatweseeinourholdings, rather, isanassembly ofcompanies that wepartlyownandthat,onaweighted
basis, are earning more than 20%onthenettangible equitycapital required toruntheir businesses. Thesecompanies,
also,earntheirprofitswithoutemployingexcessivelevelsofdebt.
Returns of that order by large, established and understandable businesses are remarkable under any
circumstances. They are truly mind-blowing when compared to the returns that many investors have accepted on
bondsoverthelastdecade -- 21⁄ 2%orevenlesson30-yearU.S.Treasurybonds,forexample.

Forecasting interest rates has never been our game, and Charlie and I have no idea what rates will average
over the next year, or ten or thirty years. Our perhaps jaundiced view is that the pundits who opine on these subjects
reveal,bythatverybehavior,farmoreaboutthemselvesthantheyrevealaboutthefuture.
What we can say is that if something close to current rates should prevail over the coming decades and if
corporatetaxratesalsoremainnearthelowlevelbusinessesnowenjoy,itisalmostcertainthatequitieswillovertime
performfarbetterthanlong-term,fixed-ratedebtinstruments.
That rosy prediction comes with a warning: Anything can happen to stock prices tomorrow. Occasionally,
there will be major drops in the market, perhaps of 50% magnitude or even greater. But the combination of The
American Tailwind, about which I wrote last year, and the compounding wonders described by Mr. Smith, will make
equities the much better long-term choice for the individual who does not use borrowed money and who can control
hisorheremotions.Others?Beware!
TheRoadAhead
Three decades ago, my Midwestern friend, Joe Rosenfield, then in his 80s, received an irritating letter from
his local newspaper. In blunt words, the paper asked for biographical data it planned to use in Joe's obituary. Joe
didn'trespond.So?Amonthlater,hegotasecondletterfromthepaper,thisonelabeled"URGENT."
Charlie and I long ago entered the urgent zone. That's not exactly great news for us. But Berkshire
The twoof us base our optimism uponfive factors. First, Berkshire's assets are deployed in an extraordinary
varietyofwhollyorpartly-ownedbusinessesthat,averagedout,earnattractivereturnsonthecapitaltheyuse.Second,
Berkshire's positioning of its "controlled" businesses within a single entity endows it with some important and
enduring economic advantages. Third, Berkshire's financial affairs will unfailingly be managed in a manner allowing
the company to withstand external shocks of an extreme nature. Fourth, we possess skilled and devoted top managers
for whom running Berkshire is far more than simply having a high-paying and/or prestigious job. Finally, Berkshire's
directors -- your guardians -- are constantly focused on both the welfare of owners and the nurturing of a culture that
is rare among giant corporations. (The value of this culture is explored in Margin of Trust, a new book by Larry
CunninghamandStephanieCubathatwillbeavailableatourannualmeeting.)
CharlieandIhaveverypragmatic reasonsforwantingtoassureBerkshire'sprosperityintheyearsfollowing
ofmynetworthlodgedinBerkshirestock.Ihaveneversoldanysharesandhavenoplanstodoso.Myonlydisposal
of Berkshire shares, aside from charitable donations and minor personal gifts, took place in 1980, when I, along with
other Berkshire stockholders who elected to participate, exchanged some of our Berkshire shares for the shares of an
bankholdingcompanylaw.
Today, my will specifically directs its executors -- as well as the trustees who will succeed them in
administering my estate after the will is closed -- not to sell any Berkshire shares. My will also absolves both the
executorsandthetrusteesfromliabilityformaintainingwhatobviouslywillbeanextremeconcentrationofassets.
The will goes on to instruct the executors -- and, in time, the trustees -- to each year convert a portion of my
Ashares intoBshares andthendistribute theBstovarious foundations.Thosefoundationswillberequiredtodeploy
their grants promptly. Inall,Iestimate thatitwilltake12to15yearsfortheentirety oftheBerkshire sharesIholdat
mydeathtomoveintothemarket.
Absentmywill'sdirectivethatallmyBerkshiresharesshouldbehelduntiltheirscheduleddistributiondates,
the "safe" course for both my executors and trustees would be to sell the Berkshire shares under their temporary
control and reinvest the proceeds in U.S. Treasury bonds with maturities matching the scheduled dates for
distributions. That strategy would leave the fiduciaries immune from both public criticism and the possibility of
personalliabilityforfailuretoactinaccordancewiththe"prudentman"standard.

I myself feel comfortable that Berkshire shares will provide a safe and rewarding investment during the
disposal period. There is always a chance -- unlikely, but not negligible -- that events will prove me wrong. I believe,
however, that there is a high probability that my directive will deliver substantially greater resources to society than
wouldresultfromaconventionalcourseofaction.
Keytomy"Berkshire-only"instructionsismyfaithinthefuturejudgmentandfidelityofBerkshiredirectors.
They will regularly be tested by Wall Streeters bearing fees. At many companies, these super-salesmen might win. I
donot,however,expectthattohappenatBerkshire.
BoardsofDirectors
In recent years, both the composition of corporate boards and their purpose have become hot topics. Once,
debate about the responsibilities of boards waslargely limited to lawyers; today,institutional investors andpoliticians
haveweighedinaswell.
as a director of 21 publicly-owned companies (listed below). In all but two of them, I have represented a substantial
holdingofstock.Inafewcases,Ihavetriedtoimplementimportantchange.
a family controlling the enterprise. This year, it should be noted, marks the 100th anniversary of the 19th Amendment,
whichguaranteedAmericanwomentherighttohavetheirvoicesheardinavotingbooth.Theirattainingsimilarstatus
inaboardroomremainsaworkinprogress.
Over the years, many new rules and guidelines pertaining to board composition and duties have come into
being. The bedrock challenge for directors, nevertheless, remains constant: Find and retain a talented CEO -- 
possessing integrity, for sure -- who will be devoted to the company for his/her business lifetime. Often, that task is
hard.Whendirectorsgetitright,though,theyneedtodolittleelse.Butwhentheymessitup,......
Auditcommitteesnowworkmuchharderthantheyoncedidandalmostalwaysviewthejobwithappropriate
seriousness. Nevertheless, these committees remain no match for managers who wish to game numbers, an offense
thathasbeenencouragedbythescourgeofearnings"guidance"andthedesireofCEOsto"hitthenumber."Mydirect
experience(limited,thankfully)withCEOswhohaveplayedwithacompany'snumbersindicatesthattheyweremore
oftenpromptedbyegothanbyadesireforfinancialgain.
Compensation committees now rely much more heavily on consultants than they used to. Consequently,
compensation arrangements have become more complicated -- what committee member wants to explain paying large
feesyearafteryearforasimpleplan? -- andthereadingofproxymaterialhasbecomeamind-numbingexperience.
One very important improvement in corporate governance has been mandated: a regularly-scheduled
"executive session" of directors at which the CEO is barred. Prior to that change, truly frank discussions of a CEO's
skills,acquisitiondecisionsandcompensationwererare.
Acquisition proposals remain a particularly vexing problem for board members. The legal orchestration for
making deals has been refined and expanded (a word aptly describing attendant costs as well). ButI have yet to see a
CEO who craves an acquisition bring in an informed and articulate critic to argue against it. And yes, include me
amongtheguilty.
Berkshire, Blue Chip Stamps, Cap Cities-ABC, Coca-Cola, Data Documents, Dempster, General Growth, Gillette,
Kraft Heinz, Maracaibo Oil, Munsingwear, Omaha National Bank, Pinkerton's, Portland Gas Light, Salomon,
SanbornMap,TribuneOil,U.S.Air,Vornado,WashingtonPost,WescoFinancial

Overall,thedeckisstackedinfavorofthedealthat'scovetedbytheCEOandhis/herobligingstaff.Itwould
be an interesting exercise for a company to hire two"expert" acquisition advisors, one pro and onecon,todeliver his
orherviewsonaproposeddealtotheboard -- withthewinningadvisortoreceive,say,tentimesatokensumpaidto
theloser.Don'tholdyourbreathawaitingthisreform:Thecurrentsystem,whateveritsshortcomingsforshareholders,
worksmagnificently forCEOsandthemanyadvisorsandotherprofessionals whofeastondeals.Avenerablecaution
willforeverbetruewhenadvicefromWallStreetiscontemplated:Don'taskthebarberwhetheryouneedahaircut.
Over the years, board "independence" has become a new area of emphasis. One key point relating to this
topic,though,isalmost invariably overlooked: Director compensation hasnowsoaredtoalevelthatinevitably makes
pay a subconscious factor affecting the behavior of many non-wealthy members. Think, for a moment, of the director
earning $250,000-300,000 for board meetings consuming apleasant coupleofdayssixorsotimes ayear.Frequently,
the possession of one such directorship bestows on its holder three to four times the annual median income of U.S.
annuallyformyservice.Toearnthisprincelysum,IcommutedtoMainefourtimesayear.)
And job security now? It's fabulous. Board members may get politely ignored, but they seldom get fired.
Is it any wonder that a non-wealthy director ("NWD") now hopes -- or even yearns -- to be asked to join a
second board, thereby vaulting into the $500,000-600,000 class? To achieve this goal, the NWD will need help. The
CEO of a company searching for board members will almost certainly check with the NWD's current CEO as to
whether NWD is a "good" director. "Good," of course, is a code word. If the NWD has seriously challenged his/her
present CEO's compensation or acquisition dreams, his or her candidacy will silently die. When seeking directors,
CEOsdon'tlookforpitbulls.It'sthecockerspanielthatgetstakenhome.
Despite the illogic of it all, the director for whom fees are important -- indeed, craved -- is almost universally
classified as "independent" while many directors possessing fortunes very substantially linked to the welfare of the
corporation are deemed lacking in independence. Not long ago, I looked at the proxy material of a large American
company and found that eight directors had never purchased a share of the company's stock using their own money.
(They, of course, had received grants of stock as a supplement to their generous cash compensation.) This particular
companyhadlongbeenalaggard,butthedirectorsweredoingwonderfully.
Paid-with-my-own-money ownership, of course, does not create wisdom or ensure business smarts.
Nevertheless, I feel better when directors of our portfolio companies have had the experience of purchasing shares
withtheirsavings,ratherthansimplyhavingbeentherecipientsofgrants.
Here,apauseisdue:I'dlikeyoutoknowthatalmostallofthedirectorsIhavemetovertheyearshavebeen
decent, likable and intelligent. They dressed well, made good neighbors and were fine citizens. I've enjoyed their
company. Among the group are some men and women that I would not have met except for our mutual board service
andwhohavebecomeclosefriends.
Nevertheless, many of these good souls are people whom I would never have chosen to handle money or
businessmatters.Itsimplywasnottheirgame.
They, in turn, would never have asked me for help in removing a tooth, decorating their home or improving
their golf swing. Moreover, if I were ever scheduled to appear on Dancing With the Stars, I would immediately seek
refugeintheWitnessProtectionProgram.Wearealldudsatonethingoranother.Formostofus,thelistislong.The
importantpointtorecognizeisthatifyouareBobbyFischer,youmustplayonlychessformoney.
At Berkshire, we will continue to look for business-savvy directors who are owner-oriented and arrive with
a strong specific interest in our company. Thought and principles, not robot-like "process," will guide their actions.
In representing your interests, they will, of course, seek managers whose goals include delighting their customers,
cherishingtheirassociatesandactingasgoodcitizensofboththeircommunitiesandourcountry.

Those objectives are not new. They were the goals of able CEOs sixty years ago and remain so. Who would
haveitotherwise?
ShortSubjects
Inpastreports,we'vediscussedboththesenseandnonsenseofstockrepurchases.Ourthinking,boileddown:
Berkshire will buy back its stock only if a) Charlie and I believe that it is selling for less than it is worth and b) the
company,uponcompletingtherepurchase,isleftwithamplecash.
Calculations of intrinsic value are far from precise. Consequently, neither of us feels any urgency to buy an
estimated $1 of value for a very real 95 cents. In 2019, the Berkshire price/value equation was modestly favorable at
Over time, we want Berkshire's share count to go down. If the price-to-value discount (as we estimate it)
widens, we will likely become more aggressive in purchasing shares. We will not, however, prop the stock at any
level.
may wish to have their broker contact Berkshire's Mark Millard at 402-346-1400. We request that you phone Mark
In 2019, Berkshire sent $3.6 billion to the U.S. Treasury to pay its current income tax. The U.S. government
Fifty-five years ago, when Berkshire entered its current incarnation, the company paid nothing in federal
income tax. (For good reason, too: Over the previous decade, the struggling business had recorded a net loss.) Since
then, as Berkshire retained nearly all of its earnings, the beneficiaries of that policy became not only the company's
shareholders but also the federal government. In most future years, we both hope and expect to send far larger sums
totheTreasury.
On pages A-2 -- A-3, you will find details about our annual meeting, which will be held on May 2, 2020.
Yahoo, as usual, will be streaming the event worldwide. There will be one important change, however, in our format:
I've had suggestions from shareholders, media and board members that Ajit Jain and Greg Abel -- our two key
operating managers -- be given more exposure at the meeting. That change makes great sense. They are outstanding
individuals,bothasmanagersandashumanbeings,andyoushouldhearmorefromthem.
Shareholderswhothisyearsendaquestiontobeaskedbyourthreelong-servingjournalistsmayspecifythat
itbeposedtoAjitorGreg.They,likeCharlieandme,willnothaveevenahintofwhatthequestionswillbe.
The journalists will alternate questions with those from the audience, whoalso can direct questions to any of
thefourofus.Sopolishupyourzingers.
On May 2nd, come to Omaha. Meet your fellow capitalists. Buy some Berkshire products. Have fun. Charlie
andI -- alongwiththeentireBerkshiregang -- arelookingforwardtoseeingyou.
ChairmanoftheBoard